






ex10-10








[NOVAVAX INC LETTERHEAD]


September 29, 1999


W.M. Rickman Construction Company

15215 Shady Grove Road

Rockville, MD 20850


Fax: 301 840 5992


Attention: Ross L. Englehart

Subject: One Taft Court


Dear Mr. Englehart:


This letter serves as notice that Novavax is exercising its option to extend the
term of the lease for the property at One Taft Court, Rockville, MD 20850,
pursuant to the conditions stated in Section 2 (TERMS) of the Lease Agreement
dated March 30, 1995 between W.M. Rickman Construction Co. and Dyncorp Advanced
Technology Services, Inc., which was assigned to Novavax, Inc. on August 10,
1999. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call.


Sincerely,


/s/ DONALD J. MACPHEE


Donald J. MacPhee

Vice President and Treasurer


cc: H. Montgomery Hougen, DynCorp















[W.M. RICKMAN CONSTRUCTION CO. LETTERHEAD]


September 1, 1999


DynCorp Advanced Technology Services, Inc.

Attention: H. Montgomery Hougen

2000 Edmund Halley Drive

Reston, Virginia 20191-3436


Dear Mr. Hougen:


W.M. Rickman Construction Company grants permission for DynCorp to assign the
Lease dated March 30, 1995, between W. M. Rickman Construction Co. and DynCorp
Advanced Technology Services, Inc., to Novavax, Inc., effective August 10, 1999.
The Premises is located on the second floor (11,743 square feet) at 1 Taft
Court, Rockville, Maryland.


Novavax, Inc., is obligated to abide by all terms, covenants and conditions of
the Lease.


DynCorp shall remain liable for the performance of all terms, covenants, and
conditions as stated in paragraph 19 “Assignment or Subletting” of the Lease.


Sincerely,


/s/ ROSS L. ENGLEHART


Ross L. Englehart

Director of Facilities


cc:  Donald J. MacPhee, CFO

Novavax

















LEASE AGREEMENT


THIS
LEASE AGREEMENT, made this 30 day of March 1995, by and between W.M.
RICKMAN
CONSTRUCTION CO., hereinafter called “LANDLORD” and DYNCORP ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY
SERVICES, INC., a Virginia corporation, hereinafter called “TENANT”.


WITNESSETH



1.	 	LEASED PREMISES

LANDLORD hereby demises unto tenant, and TENANT hereby leases from
LANDLORD for the terms and upon the conditions set forth in this Lease
11,743 square feet of space in the building located at 1 Taft Court,
Rockville, MD 20850, (hereinafter referred to as “BUILDING”), as
laboratory facilities, all as set forth on Exhibit A, hereto attached,
said space being referred to as “PREMISES”.

2.	 	TERM

The term of this lease shall
be for a period of five years, commencing
on the 1st day of April, 1995, and terminating on the 31st day of
March,
2000 with an option for an additional five years at the same terms and
conditions in this lease, provided that TENANT shall have given the
LANDLORD written notice of TENANT’s intention to do so six (6) months prior
to the expiration of this lease and that the Tenant is not in default
of the Lease.

3.	 	RENT

The TENANT shall pay to the LANDLORD an annual rental (herein called
“minimum rent”) in the amount of One Hundred fifty eight thousand five
hundred thirty & 50/100 DOLLARS ($158,530.50), subject to adjustment
as hereinafter set forth, payable without deduction or set off in equal
monthly installments of Thirteen thousand two hundred ten & 88/100
DOLLARS ($13,210.88) per month in advance, the first installment of which
is due and payable April 1,1995 and all subsequent installments due
and payable on the 1st day of each calendar month hereafter
until the total rent provided for herein is paid. No payment by TENANT
or receipt of LANDLORD of a lesser amount than a monthly installment of
rent herein stipulated shall be deemed to be other than on account of
such stipulated rent, nor shall any endorsement or statement on any check
or any letter accompanying any check or payment as rent be deemed an
accord and satisfaction, and LANDLORD may accept such check for payment
without prejudice to LANDLORD’s right to recover the balance of such
rent or pursue any other remedy provided for in this lease.

4.	 	ADJUSTMENT OF MINIMUM RENT

The minimum rent shall be adjusted at the end of each year during the
term hereof by a 3% increase over the rent then being paid. There also
shall be no additional pass-throughs of increases in operating expenses
except as specifically referenced herein.

5.	 	REAL ESTATE TAXES

In the event the real estate taxes levied or assessed against the land
and building of which the premises are a part in future tax years are
greater than the real estate taxes for the base tax year, the TENANT,
shall pay within thirty






PAGE 1












(30) days after submission of the bill to TENANT for the increase in
real estate taxes, as additional rent a proportionate share of such
increases, which proportionate share shall be computed at 22.08% of the
increase in taxes, but shall exclude any fine, penalty, or interest
charge for late or non-payment of taxes by LANDLORD. The base tax year
shall be July 1, 1994 to June 30, 1995.

In the event that LANDLORD’s contest or appeal of the Real Estate Taxes
and/or assessment regarding the building of which the Premises form a
part shall result in a reduction or refund of Real Estate Taxes, TENANT
shall receive a proportionate share, as defined in this section of said
refund for taxes TENANT has paid, or in the case of a tax reduction
before payment by TENANT, TENANT shall be obligated only to pay its
share of the reduced amount. LANDLORD shall provide TENANT with copies
of all Real Estate tax bills and copies, in reasonable detail, of
LANDLORD’s computations showing TENANT’s proportionate share. LANDLORD
shall be under no obligation to appeal any proposed re-assessment of the
land or building.

6.	 	UTILITIES

TENANT shall be responsible for the payment of all utilities used or
consumed by the TENANT in and upon the Premises. Electric is to be
separately metered. Water is to be either separately metered or an
equitable allocation be made between the tenants based on the quantity
of water consumed. In the event any utility service to the premises
shall be interrupted for a period of more than two (2) days due to the
negligence or willful misconduct of LANDLORD, its agents or servants,
then the minimum rent shall abate from the interruption of such services
until such services are fully restored.

7.	 	EXCLUSIVE USE

TENANT shall have the right to use the demised premises for the
operation of offices and laboratories consistent with TENANT’s business
and for no other purpose, except as approved by the LANDLORD in advance
in writing, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld.

8.	 	LATE CHARGE

If any installment of rent accruing hereunder or any other sums payable
hereunder shall not be paid within Fifteen (15) days after written
notice to TENANT, such installment and other sums shall be increased
without affecting the LANDLORD’s other rights under this Lease, by a
late charge of five (5%) percent of the delinquent installment.
Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, LANDLORD
shall waive the late charge set forth herein of for the first two (2)
late payments during each lease year of the term of this Lease, provided
that such payments shall be made with 10 days of written notice to
TENANT to such lateness.

9.	 	REPAIRS AND MAINTENANCE

LANDLORD shall be responsible for all structural repairs, including
repairs to the roof and load-bearing walls of the building, and for
maintaining the parking area. The LANDLORD shall be responsible for
walkways, and all common areas within the building. The TENANT shall
be responsible for the maintenance and repair of the Premises and all
fixtures, appliances and equipment therein, including, but not limited
to, the Heating and Air Conditioning system. LANDLORD will pay for
major Heating and Air Conditioning component replacement and all repairs
to the heating and air







PAGE 2














conditioning system in excess of Two Hundred Fifty Dollars ($250.00) per
occurrence.

TENANT shall also provide its own char service. LANDLORD will repair and replace
any glass breakage, provided it is not the result of the TENANT’s willful or
negligent act.

10.	 	LANDLORD’S WORK PRIOR TO COMMENCEMENT OF TERM

LANDLORD shall make the
following improvements to the Premises prior to the commencement of the
term of the Lease.

None

11.	 	TENANT ALTERATIONS

The Landlord will supply the Tenant with an allowance of up to $30,000
for renovations and buildout of the Premises. The Tenant may hire the
licensed contractor of his choice, and a draw schedule will be
determined between the Tenant and the Landlord. Any unused portion of this
allowance will be returned to the Landlord. All building materials must
meet the specifications of the Landlord. The Tenant (and / or
contractor) will be responsible for obtaining building & occupancy
permits.

All alterations, improvements, or additions to the demised premises to
be made by TENANT shall be subject to the written consent of the
LANDLORD, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, provided
such alterations and improvements do not weaken the structural integrity
of the building or detract from its dignity and/or uniformity. All
alterations and improvements and/or additions made by TENANT shall
remain upon the premises at the expiration or earlier termination of
this Lease and shall become the property of the LANDLORD, unless
LANDLORD shall, at the time of approval of the alteration, provide
written notice to TENANT to remove the same, in which event TENANT shall
remove such alterations, improvements and/or additions, and restore the
premises to the same good order and condition in which it was at the
commencement of this Lease, reasonable wear and tear and unavoidable
casualty excepted. Should TENANT fail to do so, LANDLORD may do so,
collecting at LANDLORD’s option, the reasonable cost and expense thereof
from TENANT as additional rent.

12.	 	TRADE FIXTURES

All trade fixtures, telephone equipment, and apparatus installed by
TENANT in the leased premises shall remain the property of TENANT
and shall be removed at the expiration or earlier termination of this
lease, and provided further that in the event of such removal, TENANT
shall promptly restore the premises to their good order and condition.
Any such trade fixture not removed prior to such termination shall
become the property of the LANDLORD.

13.	 	HAZARDOUS STORAGE

TENANT shall be permitted to store hazardous materials on the premises,
however, any such storage and use of such materials shall comply with
all Federal, State, County and City regulations relative to such use and
storage of said materials. Any hazardous materials stored or used on the
premises must not, in any way, prejudice the insurance of the premises,
or increase the fire hazards to a greater extent than necessarily
incident to the business for which









PAGE 3
















the premises are leased, and all such materials must be completely
removed upon expiration of this lease.

14.	 	SIGNS

TENANT may display appropriate signs inside the building but such signs
shall be subject to the written approval of the LANDLORD, which will not
unreasonably be withheld, and said signs shall be in full conformance
with any applicable regulations or ordinances of local governmental
authorities having jurisdiction.

15.	 	QUIET ENJOYMENT

LANDLORD covenants that, upon payment of the rent herein provided and
performance by the TENANT of all other covenants herein contained,
TENANT shall and may peaceably and quietly have, hold and enjoy the
premises for the term hereof and options.

16.	 	SURRENDER OF PREMISES

Upon the expiration or termination of this Lease, TENANT shall quit and
surrender the premises to the LANDLORD broom clean and shall remove all
of its property therefrom. The obligation of this paragraph shall
survive the termination of the Lease.

17.	 	FIRE AND LIABILITY INSURANCE

TENANT covenants and agrees to maintain and carry, at all times during
the term of this Lease, in companies qualified and authorized to
transact business in the State of Maryland, extended coverage in the
amount of $500,000.00 per person, $1,000,000.00 per occurrence and
$100,000.00 for damage to property on the Premises.

TENANT shall indemnify and save harmless the LANDLORD from any and all
liability, damage, expense, cause of action, or claims arising out of
injury to persons or to property on the Premises, except for the
negligence or willful misconduct of LANDLORD, its agents, employees, or
servants. TENANT shall maintain at all times during the term of this
lease, in companies qualified and authorized to transact business in the
State of Maryland, public liability insurance with limits in same
coverage as above.


TENANT shall furnish LANDLORD with satisfactory proof that the
insurance herein provided for is at all times in full force and
effect.

18.	 	DAMAGE BY FIRE

If the premises shall be partially damaged by fire, casualty, or the
elements, but are not rendered unrentable, in TENANT’s reasonable
business judgement, in whole or in part, the LANDLORD shall promptly, at
his expense, cause such damage to be repaired and the rent shall not be
abated. If by reason of such occurrence the premises shall be rendered
wholly or partially unfit for occupancy for the uses contemplated
hereunder, LANDLORD shall promptly, at his own expense, cause the
damage to be repaired, and the rent meanwhile shall be abated
proportionately as to the proportion of the premises rendered unfit. If
the building, or common areas appurtenant thereto, shall be rendered
wholly unfit for the occupancy or for the use contemplated hereunder, in
TENANT’s reasonable business judgement, by reason of such occurrence,
whether the premises have been damaged or not, and if such damage in the
opinion of the LANDLORD cannot be restored to tenantable occupancy
within











PAGE 4

















sixty days of the date of occurrence, either the LANDLORD or TENANT may
terminate this Lease on thirty (30) days written notice to the
other. In
the event LANDLORD determines that the damage can be repaired to
tenantable occupancy within sixty (60) days, but fails for any
reason including reasons beyond the control of LANDLORD to commence
such repairs within 30 days and complete them within 60 days, the
TENANT may terminate this lease upon 30 days notice to the
LANDLORD. In
the event the Premises are rendered wholly untenable during the last two
years of the term hereof, TENANT may terminate this lease upon thirty
(30) days notice to the LANDLORD.

19.	 	ASSIGNMENT OR SUBLETTING

TENANT agrees not to assign, mortgage, pledge or encumber this Lease, in
whole or in part, but may sublet the whole or any part of the demised
premises, and permit the use of the whole or any part of the demised
premises by a license or concessionaire, by first obtaining the written
consent of the LANDLORD, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed. TENANT agrees that, in the event of any such assignment,
subletting, licensing or granting of a concession the TENANT shall
nevertheless remain liable for the performance of all terms, covenants,
and conditions of this lease.

20.	 	SUBORDINATION

This Lease shall be subject to and subordinate at all times to the lien
of any mortgage and/or deeds of trust and all land leases now or
hereafter made on any portion of the demised Premises, and to all
advances thereunder, provided the mortgagee or trustee named in said
mortgage or deed of trust shall agree to recognize this Lease Agreement
and agrees, in the event of foreclosure, not to disturb the TENANT’s
possession hereunder, provided TENANT has not committed any event of
default as to which the applicable cure period has not expired under the
Lease Agreement. This subordination shall be self-operative and no
further intrusions of subordination shall be required.

21.	 	ATTORNMENT

If any proceedings are
commenced to foreclose any mortgage or deed of
trust encumbering the Premises, TENANT agrees to attorn the purchaser at
the foreclosure sale, if required to do so by any such purchasers, and
to recognize such purchaser as the LANDLORD under this lease, provided
purchaser shall agree that TENANT’s rights hereunder shall not be
disturbed so long as TENANT has not committed any event of default as to
which the applicable cure period has not expired.

22.	 	CONDEMNATION




(a)	 	If the whole of the demised
Premises shall be taken by any
governmental or quasi-governmental authority under the power of
condemnation, eminent domain or expropriation, or in the event of
conveyance in lieu thereof, the Lease shall terminate as of
the day possession shall be taken by the governmental authority
and the entire award shall be the property of the LANDLORD,
except for the value of any improvements, alterations or
addition made to the premises at TENANT’s sole cost and expense,
including but not limited to, fixtures or equipment installed by
TENANT. TENANT shall have the right to claim and recover from
the condemning authority such compensation as may be separately
awarded or recoverable by TENANT’s business by reason of the
condemnation and for or on account of any cost or loss to which
TENANT might be






PAGE 5











incur for moving expenses, including but not limited to
TENANT’s fixtures, equipment and furnishings.

(b)	 	In the event there is any taking by governmental or
quasi-governmental authority of a portion of the demised
Premises, or the building of which the premises form a part of
the common area appurtenant thereto, which does not seriously
and adversely affect the ability of the TENANT to conduct to
its business on the premises, the lease shall remain in full force
and effect and TENANT’s rent shall be abated in proportion to
the diminution in value of the premises.

(c)	 	In the event of any such taking or conveyance of the Premises or
the Building of which the Premises form a part or the common
areas appurtenant thereto, or any portion thereof which shall
render the Premises wholly unfit for the occupancy of TENANT or
the uses contemplated hereunder in TENANT’s reasonable business
judgement, TENANT may terminate this lease upon thirty (30) days
written notice to LANDLORD.

(d)	 	In the event of any such taking or conveyance of the demised
Premises, or the building of which the Premises form a part of
the common area appurtenant thereto, or any portion thereof,
TENANT shall pay rent to the day when possession thereof shall
be taken by the governmental authority with an appropriate
refund by LANDLORD of such rent as may have been paid in advance
for a period subsequent to such date. If this Lease shall
continue in effect as to any portion of the demised Premises not
so taken or conveyed, the rent shall be reduced to an amount
computed according to the floor space remaining. If this Lease
shall continue, LANDLORD, at its expense, but only to the extent
of any equitable proportion of the award or to other
compensation for the portion taken or conveyed of the improved
portion of the Premises and consequential damages to the
remainder hereof not taken (excluding any award or other
compensation for the land), shall make all necessary repair or
alterations so as to constitute the remaining demised premises a
complete architectural and tenantable unit. In the the event
that LANDLORD’s repairs and alterations to the premises, or to
the building of which the Premises form a part, or to the common
area appurtenant thereto, do not restore the Premises to a condition
fit for the occupancy of or for the uses contemplated hereunder in
TENANT’s reasonable business judgement, TENANT may terminate
this lease upon thirty (30) days written notice to LANDLORD.

(e)	 	TENANT shall be entitled to such award as may be given to it by
the condemning authority for the value of its fixtures and
equipment (if separate awards are given) or if only one award is
given by the condemning authority for all interests, said award
shall be apportioned between the parties as their respective
interest shall appear. In the event LANDLORD and TENANT are
unable to agree as to the amount of rental reduction which may
be required under sub-paragraphs b and c, above, or the
apportionment of any award made by the condemning authority,
such matter shall be submitted to arbitration under the rules of
the American Arbitration Association then in effect.




25.	 	EVENTS OF DEFAULT

The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an event of
default hereunder:







PAGE 6















(a)	 	Failure of TENANT to pay installment of rent hereunder within
ten (10) days after receipt of written notice, or within twenty
(20) days after receipt of written notice any other sum herein
required to be paid by TENANT.

(b)	 	TENANT’s failure to perform any other covenant or condition of
this Lease within thirty (30) days after receipt of written
notice and demand, unless the failure is of such a character as
to require more than thirty (30) days to cure in which event
TENANT’s failure to proceed diligently to cure such failure
shall constitute an event of default.



24.     LANDLORD’S REMEDIES




Upon the occurrence of any event of default, LANDLORD may, at LANDLORD’s
sole option, exercise any or all of the following remedies, together
with any such other remedies as may be available to LANDLORD at law or
in equity;




(a)	 	LANDLORD may terminate this Lease by giving TENANT written
notice of the election to do so, as of a specified date not less
than thirty (30) days after the date of the giving of such
notice and this Lease shall then expire on the date so specified
and LANDLORD shall then be entitled to immediately regain
possession of the demised premises as if the date had been
originally fixed as the expiration date of the term of this
Lease. LANDLORD may then re-enter upon the leased premises
either with or without due process of law and remove all persons
therefrom, the statutory notice to quit or any other notice to
quit being hereby expressly waived by TENANT. TENANT expressly
agrees that the exercise by LANDLORD of the right of re-entry
shall not be a bar to or prejudice in any the other legal
remedies available to LANDLORD. In that event, LANDLORD shall be
entitled to recover from TENANT as and for liquidated damages an
amount equal to the rent and additional rent reserved in this
Lease less any and all amounts received by LANDLORD from the
rental of the premises to another tenant. Any recovery by the
LANDLORD shall be limited to the rent hereunder (plus any costs
incurred in re-letting) less any rent actually paid by the new
tenant.

(b)	 	No termination of this lease nor any taking or recovery of
possession of the demised premises shall deprive LANDLORD of any
of his remedies or actions against TENANT for past or future
rent, nor shall the bringing of any action for rent or breach of
covenant, or the resort to any other remedy herein provided for
the recovery of rent, be construed as a waiver of the right to
obtain possession of the premises.

(c)	 	In addition to any damages becoming due under subparagraph (a)
hereof, LANDLORD shall be entitled to recovery from TENANT and
TENANT shall pay to LANDLORD an amount equal to all expenses, if
any, incurred by the LANDLORD in recovering possession of the
demised premises, and all reasonable costs and charges for the
care of said premises while vacant, which damages shall be due
and payable by TENANT to LANDLORD at such time or times as such
expenses are incurred by the LANDLORD.

(d)	 	In the event of a default or threatened default by TENANT or any
of the terms or conditions of this Lease, LANDLORD shall have
the right of injunction and the right to invoke any remedy
allowed by law or in equity as if no specific remedies of
LANDLORD were set forth in this Lease.






PAGE 7














(e)	 	It is further provided that if, under the provisions of this
lease, default be made and a compromise and settlement shall be
had thereupon, it shall not constitute a waiver of any covenant
herein contained, nor of the Lease itself, and it is hereby
specifically agreed that this Lease shall not merge in any
judgement had upon the same if compromise or settlement be made
upon said judgement prior to termination of TENANT’s possession,
the lease in such event to continue by the payment of rent
herein reserved, and the further performance of the covenants
herein contained on the part of TENANT.



25.     RIGHTS OF LANDLORD




LANDLORD reserves the following rights with respect to the demised
premises:




(a)	 	During normal business hours, upon 24 hours notice, by them or
their duly authorized agents, to go upon and inspect the demised
premises and every part thereof, and at LANDLORD’s option, to
make repairs, alterations and additions to the demised premises
or the building of which the demised premises are a part,
provided there is no interference with TENANT’s occupancy. An
Agent of the TENANT may be present for inspection, if required
by TENANT.

(b)	 	To display after notice from either party of intention to
terminate this Lease, a “For Rent” sign, and all of said signs
which shall be placed upon such part of the demised premises as
LANDLORD shall require, except on display windows or doors
leading into the demised premises. Prospective purchasers or
tenants authorized by LANDLORD may inspect the premises during
normal business hours following adequate notice to TENANT.

(c)	 	To install or place upon, or fix to, the roof and exterior walls
of the demised premise, equipment, signs, displays, antennae,
and any other object or structure of any kind, providing the
same shall not materially impair the structural integrity of the
building or interfere with TENANT’s occupancy.



26.     HOLDING OVER




If TENANT holds possession of the premises after the termination of this
Lease or any renewal or extension thereof, TENANT shall become a TENANT
from month to month at 125% of the current escalated rental rate.



27.     WAIVER OF CLAIMS




Except as may result from their negligence, LANDLORD and LANDLORD’s
agents, employees and contractors shall not be liable for, and TENANT
hereby releases all claims for damages to persons or property sustained
by TENANT or any person claiming through TENANT resulting from any fire,
accident, occurrence to condition in or upon the demised premises or
building of which they shall be part, including but not limited to such
claims for damage resulting from (1) any defect in or failure of
plumbing, heating or air-conditioning equipment, electric wiring or
installation thereof, water pipes, stairs, railings or walks; (2) any
equipment of apparatus becoming out of repair; (3) the bursting, leaking
or running of any tank, washstand, water closet, water pipe, drain or
any other pipe or tank in, upon or about such building or premises; (4)
the backing up of any sewer pipe or downspout; (5) the escape of steam
or hot water; (6) water, snow or ice being upon or coming through the
roof of any other place upon or near such building or premises or
otherwise;






PAGE 8














(7) the falling of any fixtures, plaster or stucco; (8)
broken glass; and (9) any act or omission of occupants
of adjoining or contiguous property of buildings.

28.	 	NOTICE

All notices required under this Lease shall be given in
writing and shall be deemed to be properly serviced if
sent by certified or registered United States Mail,
postage prepaid, as follows:





If to the LANDLORD:
W.M. RICKMAN CONSTRUCTION CO.

15215 SHADY GROVE ROAD

ROCKVILLE, MD 20850

If to the TENANT:
DynCorp Advanced Technology Services, Inc.

1 Taft Court

Rockville, Maryland 20850




or to such other address as either may have designated
from time to time by written notice to the other. The
date of service of such notices shall be the date such
notices are deposited in any United States Post Office.

29.	 	COVENANTS OF TENANT

TENANT covenants and agrees:




(a)	 	To give to LANDLORD prompt written notice of any
accident, fire or damage occurring on or to the
demised premises.

(b)	 	To keep thermostat in the premises set at a
temperature sufficient to prevent freezing of
water pipes, fixtures and HVAC units.

(c)	 	To keep the demised premises clean, orderly,
sanitary, and free from all objectionable odors
and from insects, vermin and other pests.

(d)	 	To comply with the requirements of the State,
Federal and County statutes, ordinances, and
regulations applicable to TENANT and its use of
the demised premises, and to save LANDLORD
harmless from penalties, fines, costs, and
expenses resulting from failure to do so,
provided TENANT shall not be obligated to make
structural repairs or alterations to so comply.

(e)	 	TENANT shall promptly pay all contractors,
material and men it engages to perform work and
provide materials for construction work on the
premises so as to minimize the possibility of a
lien attaching to the premises, and should any
such lien be made or filed, TENANT shall cause
the same to be discharged and released of record
by bond or otherwise within 10 days of receipt
of written request from LANDLORD.




30.	 	LANDLORD’S RIGHT TO ALTER SITE PLAN

LANDLORD shall, from time to time, have the right to
alter or modify the site plan of the building and to
rearrange the driveways and parking areas, as well as
the entrance and exits to the premises, such alteration
to be subject to TENANT approval.






PAGE 9












31.	 	PARKING SPACES


Landlord agrees to furnish 3 1/3 unreserved parking spaces per thousand
square feet of space occupied by the TENANT.

32.	 	ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Lease contains the entire agreement of the parties. There are no oral
agreements existing between them.

33.	 	SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS

This Lease, and the covenants
and conditions herein contained shall insure to the benefit of and be
binding upon the LANDLORD, his heirs and assigns, and shall insure in
the benefit of and be binding upon the TENANT, its successors and
assigns, if permitted.

34.	 	BANKRUPTCY

If TENANT shall make an assignment of its assets for the
benefit of creditors, or if TENANT shall file a
voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or if any involuntary
petition in bankruptcy or for receivership be instituted
against the TENANT and the same be not dismissed within
thirty (30) days of the filing thereof, or if TENANT
shall be adjudged bankrupt, then and in any of said
events, this Lease shall immediately cease and terminate
at the option of the LANDLORD with the same force and
effect as though the date of said event was the date
herein fixed for expiration of the term of this Lease.

35.	 	NON-DELIVERY

N/A

36.	 	PARTIAL INVALIDITY

If any term, covenant, or condition of this Lease or the
application thereof to any person or circumstance shall
be held to be invalid and unenforceable, the remainder
of this Lease, and the application of such terms,
covenants, or conditions shall be valid and enforceable
to the fullest extent permitted by law.

37.	 	FORCE MAJEURE

With the exception of those
provisions contained herein
regarding the payment of rent, the inability of either
party to perform any of the terms, covenants or
conditions of this Lease shall not be deemed a default
if the same shall be due to any cause beyond the control
of that party.

38.	 	WAIVER OF SUBROGATION

If either party hereto is paid any proceeds under any
policy of insurance naming such party as an insured on
account of any loss, damage or liability, then such
party hereby releases the other party to (and only to)
the extent of the amount of such proceeds, from any and
all liability for such loss or damage, notwithstanding
negligent or intentionally tortious act or omission of
the other party, its agents or employees; provided, such
release shall be effective only as to a loss or damage
occurring while the appropriate policy of insurance of
the releasing party provides that such release shall not
impair the effectiveness of such policy or the insured’s
ability to recover thereunder. Each party hereto shall
use reasonable efforts to have a clause to such effect
included








PAGE 10











in its said policies, and shall promptly notify the
other in writing if such a clause cannot be included in
any such policy.

39.	 	ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE

The TENANT shall from time to time, within five (5) days
after being requested to do so by the LANDLORD or any
Mortgages, execute, acknowledge and deliver to the
LANDLORD (or, at the LANDLORD’s request, to any existing
or prospective purchaser, transferee, assignee or
Mortgagee of any or all of the Premises) an instrument
in recordable form, certifying if true and correct (a)
that this Lease is unmodified and in full force and
effect (or, if there has been any modification thereof, that it is in
full force and effect as so modified stating therein the nature of such
modification); (b) as to the dates to which the minimum
Rent and other charges arising hereunder have been paid;
(c) as to the amount of any prepaid Rent or any credit
due to the Tenant hereunder; (d) that the TENANT has
accepted possession of the Premises, and the date on
which the Term commenced; (e) as to whether, to the best
knowledge, information and belief of the signer of such
certificate, the LANDLORD or the TENANT is then in default in
performing any of its obligations hereunder (and, if so,
specifying the nature of each such defaults); and (f) as
to any other fact or condition reasonably requested by
the LANDLORD or such other addresses. In the event the
TENANT fails or refuses to provide such a certificate,
TENANT shall be liable to LANDLORD for any loss or
damage (including reasonable counsel fees) arising out
of or in connection with such failure or refusal.




IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Lease
Agreement to be executed on the year and date first written.




WITNESS:
W.M. Rickman Construction Company

/s/ SIGNATURE
/s/ WILLIAM M. RICKMAN
3/30/95





William M. Rickman
Date

ATTEST:
PRI Dyncorp

/s/ MATTHEW T. COHEN
/s/ RICHARD A. ZAKOUR
3/30/95





Richard A. Zakour
Date
MATTHEW T. COHEN
CONTRACTS MANAGER







PAGE 11





