









<PAGE>   1

EXHIBIT 10.8

GUARANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE
CONSTRUCTION AGREEMENT


This GUARANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE (GMP) CONSTRUCTION AGREEMENT (this
"Agreement") is dated this 8th day November 1999 between [OPRYLAND HOTEL -
FLORIDA, L.P.] Opryland Hospitality Group One Gaylord Drive, Nashville, TN
37214, a Gaylord Entertainment Company ("Owner"), and Perini/Suitt, a joint
venture, 151 Southhall Lane, Suite 210, Maitland, FL 32751 ("Contractor"), a
General Contractor.

RECITALS

The owner is developing the Project (as defined below) and wishes to
engage Contractor to act as the General Contractor to assist in such development
and to perform certain other duties, all on the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement.


ARTICLE 1
DEFINITIONS

1.1      BASIC DEFINITIONS. Certain capitalized terms are defined throughout
this Agreement. In addition, when used herein, the following terms shall have
the meanings provided below:

1.1.1    "ARCHITECT" means Hnedak Bobo Group, 104 South Front Street,
Memphis, TN 38103.

1.1.2    "CONTRACT DOCUMENTS" shall mean this Agreement, the Drawings,
the Specifications, other documents listed in this Agreement, and Modifications
executed after the date of this Agreement.

1.1.3    "DRAWINGS" means the graphic and pictorial portions of the
Contract Documents, wherever located and whenever issued, showing the design,
location and dimensions of the Work, generally including plans, elevations,
sections, details, schedules and diagrams, a copy of which is set forth in
Exhibit A.

1.1.4    "MODIFICATION" means (i) a written amendment to this Agreement
signed by both parties, (ii) a Change Order, (iii) a Construction Change
Directive or (iv) a written order for a minor change in the Work issued by the
Architect. Unless specifically enumerated in the Agreement, the Contract
Documents do not include other documents such as bidding requirements
(advertisement or invitation to bid, instructions to bidders, sample forms, the
Contractor's bid or portions of addenda relating to bidding requirements).

1.1.5    "PROJECT" means Opryland Hotel Florida, consisting of:
approximately 65.3 acre property with two acre lake at entrance and a Project
total of approximately 2,056,000 sf. including 135,286 sf of Glazed Atriums and
400,000 sf of Meeting and Pre-Function space with 178,000 sf exhibition, two
ballrooms (50,000 sf and 30,000 sf) with a 35'x90' fully equipped stage in the
larger ballroom and over 45 break out meeting rooms; 1404 guest rooms and
suites; three specialty restaurants, lobby lounge and piano lounge; 15,000 sf of
retail space; 14 executive meeting and board rooms in the hotel; two outdoor
swimming pool areas with cabanas and pool food and beverage


<PAGE>   2



venue; 20,000 sf full service spa and fitness center; interior atriums,
restaurants, retail and public spaces will be of themed construction; BOH (Back
of House) and service areas to support this facility; 2,422 +/- car surface
parking area.

1.1.6    "PROJECT MANUAL" means the volume to be assembled for the
Work, which shall include, at a minimum, the bidding requirements, sample forms,
and Specifications, administrative procedures and such other information as the
Owner may deem necessary.

1.1.7    "SPECIFICATIONS" means that portion of the Contract Documents
consisting of the written requirements for materials, equipment, construction
systems, standards and workmanship for the Work, and performance of related
services, a copy of which are set forth in Exhibit A.

1.1.8    "SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION" shall be as described in Paragraph
10.8.

1.1.9    "WORK" means the construction and services required to construct the
Project as specified by the Contract Documents, whether completed or partially
completed, and includes all other labor, materials, equipment and services
provided or to be provided by the Contractor to fulfill the Contractor's
obligations.

1.2      OTHER TERMS. Unless otherwise stated in the Contract Documents, words
which have well-known technical or construction industry meanings are used in
the Contract Documents in accordance with such recognized meanings.

ARTICLE 2.
GENERAL TERMS

2.1      THE WORK OF THIS CONTRACT. The Contractor shall fully execute the Work
described in the Contract Documents, except to the extent specifically indicated
in the Contract Documents to be the responsibility of others.

2.2      DATE OF COMMENCEMENT AND SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION. The date of
commencement of the Work shall be the date specified by the Owner in a written
notice delivered to the Contractor, regardless of any delay thereafter by the
Contractor in actually commencing the Work. If, prior to the commencement of the
Work, the Owner requires time to file mortgages, mechanic's liens and other
security interests, the Owner's time requirement shall be as follows: The
Contractor shall achieve Substantial Completion of the entire Work on December
1, 2001. Except for, force majure, as permitted in this agreement, in Paragraph
9.1.3 (I through vi) contractor substantiates that in no event shall Substantial
Completion be no later than December 31, 2001. The "Contract Time" shall mean
the period of time from the date of commencement to Substantial Completion.

2.3      GUARANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE (GMP). For all Work performed and
services rendered by Contractor with respect to the Work. The Owner
agrees to pay Contractor an amount equal to the total of the Cost of
the Work, plus the Contractor's Fee, but in no event will the
compensation paid by the Owner to Contractor for the Work be an amount
in excess of _____________ (the Guaranteed Maximum Price or "GMP"),
subject to additions or deductions by Change Order as provided in the
Contract Documents. GMP documents shall be defined as not less than 75%
construction documents for all disciplines, including interior design.
Owner and Contractor acknowledge that, as of the date of this
Agreement, the parties have not finalized all materials and information
necessary to finalize the GMP for the Project.


<PAGE>   3


The parties acknowledge that the GMP for the Project is anticipated to
be finalized in a range of $274,000,000 to $277,000,000. The parties
agree to continue to negotiate in good faith to finalize the GMP within
45 days from the date of issuance of 75% GMP documents. Once the final
GMP, within the range set forth above, has been agreed to by the
parties, this contract shall be amended to incorporate the final GMP.
In no event will the Owner be obligated to pay Contractor the full GMP
unless the Cost of the Work is equal to or in excess of the GMP. The
GMP may also be referred to in the Contract Documents as the Contract
Sum. Costs which would cause the GMP to be exceeded will be paid by the
Contractor without reimbursement by the Owner. 2.3.1 The GMP includes
consideration of $10,000.00 paid by the Owner to Contractor in exchange
for Contractor's commitment to undertake the indemnification
obligations contained in the Agreement. The parties acknowledge that
they understand the extent of the indemnification and that the specific
consideration paid by the Owner is fair and adequate consideration for
indemnity and is considered paid in the Owner's first installment of
the Contract Sum payable under this Agreement.

2.3.2    CONTRACTOR'S FEE. Contractor's fee and general conditions for
the Work will be a fixed amount of $18,800,000, less any OCIP credits
and permit fees, and includes all of Contractor's overhead and profit
for the project as well as the general conditions requirements as
outlined in the specifications. Contractor will include in each monthly
progress Application for Payment a line item for an equal portion of
the percent complete of work for that period of its Contractor's Fee
over the term of the Agreement.

2.3.3    CONTINGENCY. An amount equal to 2% of the cost of work is to
be used as contingency and will be held outside of the GMP. Contingency
will be used to cover additional, unanticipated or other unestimated
costs which are necessary to complete the Work, however, the
Contingency will not be used for any additional costs associated with
performing Changes to the Work. The Owner has the right to determine
the allocation of the Contingency and Contingency will not be used
without the written authorization of the Owner. Upon completion of the
Work, should there be any remaining Contingency, it will be credited to
the Owner and will not be subject to any Shared Savings to Contractor.

2.3.3.1  Contractor shall be allowed to utilize any buyout
contingencies within the GMP to be used at their discretion to
cover items not clearly defined but implied on drawings issued
not 100% completed, missed scope, or discrepancies as noted in
paragraph 4.1.4.1, special conditions not specified, etc. Any
savings accrued shall be per paragraph 2.3.4.

2.3.4    SHARED SAVINGS. Upon completion of the Work if the total cost
of the Work is less than the final GMP (taking into account any
adjustments made during the term of the Agreement), the Owner and
Contractor will be entitled to share this savings as follows.
Contractor will receive an amount equal to 25% of the difference
between the actual cost of the Work and the final GMP. The first
$200,000.00 of any savings shall be applied to any preconstruction
costs over the agreed $275,000.00 before the shared 25% is calculated.
Contractor's portion of these Shared Savings will be added to
Contractor's Fee, as part of Contractor's Final Payment.

<PAGE>   4



2.3.5    INCENTIVES. It is the Owners intent for the Contractor to
manage this project in a safe, organized and claim free environment,
and the Owner is willing to offer to the Contractor incentives based on
savings accrued in the OCIP and Subguard programs.

2.3.5.1  OCIP. Based on the safety performance of the
Contractor and Subcontractors, if, at the end of the Project there are
minimal losses or claims, and if the Owner realizes 90% of the
potential OCIP projected savings, then the Owner will reimburse to the
Contractor $450,000.00.

a.       If at the end of the Project the Owner realizes
savings less than the 90%, then for each percentage increment of
potential OCIP savings below 90%, the Contractors share of savings
shall also be reduced by the same percentage and be deducted from the
total of $450,000.00.

b.       In the event of any major lost time accident that
reduces the Owners potential OCIP savings to 50% or less, then the
Contractor will not receive any reimbursement.

2.3.5.2. SUBGUARD. Based on the performance of the Contractor
to professionally manage the construction administration of the
Project, to minimize any cost exposure, claims, and the Owner realizes
90% of the potential Subguard projected savings, the Owner will
reimburse to the Contractor $450,000.00.

a.       If at the end of the Project, the Owner realizes
savings less than the 90% as in stated in paragraph 2.3.5.2, then, for
each percentage increment of potential Subguard savings below 90%, the
Contractors share of savings shall also be reduced by the same
percentage and be deducted from the total $450,000.00.

b.       In the event of any major claim, from either the
Contractor, subcontractors or vendors, that reduces the Owners
potential Subguard savings to 50% or less, then the Contractor will not
receive any reimbursement.


2.3.5.3. BONUS. If the Contractor has achieved Substantial
Completion, as defined in paragraph 10.8, of the Convention Center and
related BOH (Back of House) support areas, by April 15, 2001, then the
Owner shall pay a bonus of $350,000.00 to the Contractor. If the
Contractor fails to achieve Substantial Completion by the date stated
herein, then the Owner has the option not to pay the bonus and will
enforce the liquidated damages as stated in
paragraph 2.3.6.

a.       If the Contractor fails to achieve the overall
Project Substantial Completion of December 31, 2001, but has achieved
Substantial Completion of the Convention Center, the Owner has the
option to reject the bonus for the Convention Center and enforce the
liquidated damages as stated in paragraph 2.3.6.

b.       If the Contractor fails to achieve the overall
Substantial Completion and beyond, which delays the Owner from opening
the Hotel on February 2,2002, the Contractor will not be allowed any
shared savings or bonus, except for Convention Center Bonus if
achieved, whatsoever, and the Owner will enforce the liquidated damages
as stated in


<PAGE>   5



paragraph 2.3.6.

2.3.5.4. If Contractor is due any shared savings or bonus
monies, the Owner shall make 75% payment within ninety (90) days of
substantial completion, and on the last day of the one year warranty
period of Substantial Completion pay the remainder.

2.3.6    LIQUIDATED DAMAGES. Since the actual damages to the Owner as a
result of the Contractor's failure to achieve Substantial Completion of
the Work by the Substantial Completion Date are difficult or impossible
to determine, the Contractor shall pay the Owner $20,000 per calendar
day for the Convention Center, if not substantially complete by April
15, 2001, and $10,000 per calendar day for the entire Project, if not
substantially complete by December 1, 2001, up to February 2, 2002,
after the Substantial Completion Date, as it may be extended, for every
day the Work is not substantially completed, as liquidated damages, in
lieu of actual damages related solely to a delay in Substantial
Completion. If the Contractor fails to achieve the overall Substantial
Completion date, which delays the Hotel opening of February 2, 2002,
then the Contractor shall pay the Owner $20,000 per day, as liquidated
damages for each day the Hotel cannot be in substantial operation.
Contractor's total liability for liquidated damages shall not exceed
Three Million and No/100 ($3,000,000.00) Dollars.

2.4      PROGRESS PAYMENTS.

2.4.1    Based upon Applications for Payment (as defined in Paragraph
10.3) submitted to the Architect by the Contractor and certificates for payment
issued by the Architect, the Owner shall make progress payments on account of
the GMP to the Contractor. The period covered by each Application for Payment
shall be one calendar month ending on the last day of the month.

2.4.2    Provided that a Certificate of Payment (as defined in
Paragraph 10.4) is received by the Owner not later than the 25th day of a month,
the Owner shall make payment to the Contractor not later than the 10th day of
the following month. If a Certificate of Payment is received by the Architect
after such date, payment shall be made by the Owner not later than 14 days after
the Architect issues the certificate of payment with respect to such
application.

2.4.3    Applications for payment shall indicate the percentage of
completion of each portion of the Work as of the end of the period covered by
such Application for Payment. Subject to other provisions of the Contract
Documents, the amount of each progress payment shall be computed as follows:

2.4.3.1  Take that portion of the GMP properly allocable to
completed Work as determined by multiplying the percentage completion of each
portion of the Work by the share of the GMP allocated to that portion of the
Work in the Schedule of Values (as defined in Paragraph 10.2), less retainage of
10%. Pending final determination of cost to the Owner of changes in the Work,
amounts not in dispute shall be included. The retainage for the Fixed Fee and
General Conditions shall be 5%.

2.4.3.2  Add that portion of the GMP properly allocable to
materials and equipment delivered and suitably stored at the Project site for
subsequent incorporation in the completed construction (or, if approved in
advance by the Owner, suitably stored off the Project site at a location agreed
upon in writing), less retainage of 10 %.


<PAGE>   6



2.4.3.3  Subtract the aggregate of previous payments made by

the Owner.

2.4.3.4  Subtract amounts, if any, for which the Architect has
withheld or nullified a Certificate for Payment as provided in Paragraph 10.5.

2.4.4    The progress payment amount determined in accordance with
Subparagraph 2.4.4 shall be further modified under the following circumstances:

2.4.4.1  Upon Substantial Completion, of the entire Project, a
sum sufficient to increase the total payments to the full amount of the GMP,
less such amounts as the Architect and the Owner shall determine for incomplete
Work, retainage applicable to such work, unsettled claims and in accordance with
Paragraph 2.3.

2.4.4.2  Add, if final completion of the Work is thereafter
materially delayed through no fault of the Contractor, any additional amounts
payable in accordance with Subparagraph 10.10.3.

2.4.5    Reduction or limitation of retainage, if any, shall be as
follows: 10% retainage shall be held until both time and cost to complete
attains 50% of the GMP, at such time no other monies will be withheld. At
Substantial Completion retainage will be reduced to 2.5% of the GMP. The Owner
reserves the right to withhold any reduction "partial or full" if any portion of
the Project is behind schedule, or any portions of the Work are deemed
unacceptable. The Owner will consider the reduction and/or release of retainage
on a case by case basis during the course of construction.

2.4.6    Except with the Owner's prior written approval, the Contractor
shall not make advance payments to suppliers for materials or equipment which
have not been delivered and stored at the Project site.

2.5      FINAL PAYMENT. Final Payment, constituting the entire unpaid balance of
the GMP, shall be made by the Owner to the Contractor when the Contractor has
fully performed the Contract except for the Contractor's responsibility to
correct Work as provided in Subparagraph 13.2.2, a final Certificate for Payment
has been issued by the Architect and the Contractor has otherwise satisfied the
conditions of Paragraph 10.10.

ARTICLE 3
OWNER

3.1      INFORMATION AND SERVICES REQUIRED OF THE OWNER.

3.1.1    The Owner upon reasonable written request shall furnish to the
Contractor in writing information which is necessary and relevant for the
Contractor to evaluate, give notice of or enforce mechanic's lien rights. Such
information shall include a correct statement of the record legal title to the
property on which the Project is located, and the Owner's interest therein at
the time of execution of the Agreement and, within five days after any change,
information of such change in title, recorded or unrecorded.

3.1.2    The Owner shall furnish surveys describing physical
characteristics, legal limitations and utility locations for the Project site of
the Project, and a legal description of such site.


<PAGE>   7



3.1.3    Except for permits and fees which are the responsibility of
the Contractor under the Contract Documents, the Owner shall secure and pay for
necessary approvals, easements, assessments and charges required for
construction, use or occupancy of permanent structures or for permanent changes
in existing facilities. The Owner, through the Contractor, shall secure and pay
for the building permit.

3.2      OWNER'S RIGHT TO STOP THE WORK. If the Contractor fails to correct Work
which is not in accordance with the requirements of the Contract Documents as
required by Paragraph 13.2 or fails to carry out Work in accordance with the
Contract Documents, the Owner, by written order, may order the Contractor to
stop the Work, or any portion thereof, until the cause for such order has been
eliminated; however, the right of the Owner to stop the Work shall not give rise
to a duty on the part of the Owner to exercise this right for the benefit of the
Contractor or any other person or entity.

3.3      OWNER'S RIGHT TO CARRY OUT THE WORK. If the Contractor defaults or
neglects to carry out the Work in accordance with the Contract Documents and
fails within a seven-day period after receipt of written notice from the Owner
to commence and continue correction of such default or neglect with diligence
and promptness, the Owner may, without prejudice to other remedies the Owner may
have, correct such deficiencies. In such case an appropriate Change Order shall
be issued deducting from payments then or thereafter due the Contractor the cost
of correcting such deficiencies, including compensation for the Program Manager
and Architect and their respective consultants and Contractors additional
services and expenses made necessary by such default, neglect or failure. If
payments then or thereafter due the Contractor are not sufficient to cover such
amounts, the Contractor shall pay the difference to the Owner.

ARTICLE 4
CONTRACTOR

4.1      REVIEW OF CONTRACT DOCUMENTS AND FIELD CONDITIONS BY CONTRACTOR.

4.1.1    The Contractor shall, prior to commencement of the work and
continuously throughout the performance of the work, carefully study and compare
the Contract Documents with each other and with information furnished by the
Owner pursuant to Subparagraph 3.2.2 and shall at once report to the Program
Manager and Architect errors, inconsistencies or omissions discovered. The
Contractor shall not be liable to the Owner, Program Manager or Architect for
damage resulting from errors, inconsistencies or omissions in the Contract
Documents unless the Contractor recognized or in the exercise of reasonable care
should have recognized such error, inconsistency or omission and failed to
report it to the Program Manager and Architect. If the Contractor performs any
construction activity when it knows or in the exercise of reasonable care should
have known such performance involved an error, inconsistency or omission in the
Contract Documents without such notice to the Program Manager and Architect, the
Contractor shall assume responsibility for such performance and shall bear an
appropriate amount of the attributable costs for correction.

4.1.2    The Contractor shall take field measurements and verify field
conditions and shall carefully compare such field measurements and conditions
and other information known to the Contractor with the Contract Documents before
commencing activities. Errors, inconsistencies or omissions discovered shall be
reported in writing to the Program Manager and Architect at once.


<PAGE>   8



4.1.3    The Contractor shall perform the Work in accordance with the
Contract Documents and submittals approved pursuant to Paragraph 4.10.

4.1.4    The Contractor represents that the Contractor, Subcontractors,
material and equipment suppliers have compared the Drawings, Specifications and
OHG standards and have compared and reviewed all general and specific details on
the original drawings and specification, and made site observations as
necessary, and that all known or discovered conflicts, discrepancies, errors and
omissions, have been either corrected or clarified prior to issuance of 100%
complete Documents. Contractor is aware of the importance of document
coordination and acknowledges that Contractor and Subcontractors will not be
allowed any change orders for field coordination issues relating to document
review per this paragraph.

4.1.4.1  The Owner acknowledges that the documents are not
100% complete and it is the Owners intent not to change the design concept as
indicated on the documents. Not withstanding the foregoing, it is the intent of
the contract documents to describe a functionally complete facility, and it is
intended that contractor shall furnish all labor, materials, tools, equipment
and other items necessary for the proper execution and completion of the work in
accordance therewith, including all work incidental to or reasonably inferable
from the contract documents as being necessary to produce the intended results,
unless it is specifically indicated in the contract documents that such work is
to be performed by others, and to complete the work in a satisfactory manner,
ready for use, occupancy and operation by Owner. Not withstanding anything in
this contract to the contrary, in no event shall Contractor be liable for
failure of the Architect to meet its professional design responsibility.

4.1.5    Based on known conditions and representations set forth in
this Contract, Contractor represents that the Guaranteed Maximum Price
represents the total cost for completion of the Work and therefore, the
Contractor's review and comparison of the specifications has taken into
consideration the total and complete Work with respect to 4.1.4 above.

4.1.6    Should contractor knowingly fail to report in writing any
error in the Contract documents or, having reported an error, fail to wait for
the Owner or Architects instructions prior to proceeding with the Work, then any
work performed by or on behalf of Contractor will be at Contractor's own risk
and expense, and Contractor will be liable for all damages and corrective action
resulting from its action. Further, any defective Work performed by or on behalf
of Contractor as a result of an undiscovered error in the Contract Documents,
which a reasonably prudent Contractor should have discovered will be at
Contractor's own risk and expense, and Contractor will be liable for all damages
and corrective action resulting from its action.

4.2      SUPERVISION AND CONSTRUCTION PROCEDURES.

4.2.1    The Contractor shall supervise and direct the Work, using the
Contractor's best skill and attention. The Contractor shall be solely
responsible for and have control over construction means, methods, techniques,
sequences and procedures and for coordinating all portions of the Work under
this Contract, as provided in Subparagraphs 5.3.2.2 and 5.3.2.3.

4.2.2    The Contractor will employ, during the Project's progress an
adequate and appropriate number of staff to successfully execute the Work. This
staff will include, but not be limited to a Project Manager, Project
Superintendent, Safety Representative and other assistants and supervisory
personnel as are approved in writhing by the owner. Contractor will designate a
sufficient number of representatives and that there will be at least two
authorized representatives on


<PAGE>   9




the Project Site at all times during which the Work is being performed. Any
personnel whether specifically named in the Agreement or approved by the Owner
and upon the Owner's demand will be replaced by another person satisfactory to
the Owner, and none will be removed or changed in status without the Owners
written approval. The Project Manager, Project Executive, Project Manager or
Superintendent will represent the Contractor and all directions given to them
will be binding. Contractor may request confirmation of directions in writing.
If a replacement is necessary as described in this subparagraph, it will not be
considered a change in Work or claim for extra compensation.

4.2.3    The Contractor agrees and certifies to the Owner that
following key personnel, currently in the employ of the Contractor, shall be
committed to this Project until Substantial Completion or as otherwise agreed to
in writing by the Owner. These personnel are: Project Executive Sam Sabin;
Preconstruction Manager Mark Weishaar, Contract Manager Val Hanson; Project
Manager Convention Center Bob Ryan, Project Manager Hotel Charlie Grainger,
General Superintendent Larry Ryan, Hotel Superintendent Jerry Lee Peterson,
Convention Center Superintendent Tom Beech, MEP Coordinators Duane Ford, Pete
Butterowe, Bob Murphy, VP Field Operations Mark Caspers. The Contractor shall
submit an organization chart reflecting the persons listed in this agreement
showing the reporting relationships and responsibilities. (Exhibit _______)

4.2.4    The Contractor shall not be relieved of obligations to perform
the Work in accordance with the Contract Documents either by activities or
duties of the Program Manager or Architect in their administration of the
Contract, or by tests, inspections or approvals required or performed by persons
other than the Contractor.

4.2.5    The Contractor shall inspect portions of the Project related
to the Contractor's Work in order to determine that such portions are in proper
condition to receive subsequent Work.

4.2.6    Contractor will be responsible to the Owner for the acts and
omissions of its employees. It will also be responsible to the Owner for the
acts and omissions of its Subcontractors of any tier, their agents and
employees, and of other persons performing any of the Work, in the same manner
as if they were the acts and omissions of persons directly employed by
Contractor.

4.2.7    Further, notwithstanding the fact that a dispute, controversy
or other question may have arisen between the parties relating to the execution
or progress of the Work the interpretation of the Contract Documents, the
payment of any monies, the delivery of any materials or any other matter
whatsoever, Contractor will not be relieved of its obligations to perform and
otherwise complete the Work in a timely manner or to otherwise perform in
accordance with the Contract Documents, pending the determination of such
dispute, controversy or other question.

4.3      LABOR AND MATERIALS. Unless otherwise provided in the Contract
Documents, the Contractor shall provide and pay for labor, materials, equipment,
tools, construction equipment and machinery, water, heat, utilities,
transportation, and other facilities and services necessary for proper execution
and completion of the Work, whether temporary or permanent and whether or not
incorporated or to be incorporated in the Work. The Contractor shall enforce
strict discipline and good order among the Contractor's employees and other
persons carrying out the Contract. The Contractor shall not permit employment of
unfit persons or persons not skilled in tasks assigned to them.

4.4      WARRANTY. The Contractor warrants to the Owner, Program Manager and
Architect that materials and equipment furnished under the Contract will be of
good quality and new, unless


<PAGE>   10



otherwise required or permitted by the Contract Documents, that the Work will be
free from defects not inherent in the quality required or permitted, and that
the Work will conform with the requirements of the Contract Documents. Work not
conforming to these requirements, including substitutions not properly approved
and authorized, shall be considered defective. The Contractor's warranty
obligations shall extend for a period of one year from the date of substantial
completion of the work to be performed and excludes remedy for damage or defect
caused by abuse, modifications not made or authorized by the Contractor or its
agents, employees or Contractors, improper or insufficient maintenance, improper
operation, or normal wear and tear under normal usage. If required by the Owner,
Program Manager or Architect, the Contractor shall furnish satisfactory evidence
as to the kind and quality of materials and equipment. Contractor makes no other
warranties, express or implied.

4.5      ACCEPTANCE OF DEFECTIVE OR NON-CONFORMING WORK. If the Owner prefers to
accept defective or non-conforming Work, it may do so instead of requiring its
removal and correction, in which case an appropriate amount will be offset
against any amounts then or thereafter due to Contractor; or, if the appropriate
amount of offset is determined after final payment (or if there is not then or
thereafter due to Contractor an amount sufficient to cover the offset available
to the Owner, Contractor will, upon demand, pay the appropriate amount (of the
difference after offset, as applicable) to the Owner.

4.6      PERMITS, FEES AND NOTICES.

4.6.1    Except for the building permit, Contractor shall secure and
pay for all permits and governmental fees, licenses and inspections necessary
for proper execution and completion of the Work which are customarily secured
after execution of the Contract and which are legally required when bids are
received or negotiations concluded.

4.6.2    The Contractor shall comply with and give notices required by
laws, ordinances, rules, regulations and lawful orders of public authorities
bearing on performance of the Work. Contractor shall also comply with Factory
Mutual Standards bearing on the conduct of this Work. The Contractor shall be
responsible for any and all damages incurred by the Owner resulting from the
Contractor's failure to comply with said laws, ordinances, codes and
regulations.

4.6.3    If the Contractor observes that portions of the Contract
Documents are not in accordance with applicable laws, statutes, ordinances,
building codes, and rules and regulations, the Contractor shall promptly notify
the Program Manager, Architect and Owner in writing, and necessary changes shall
be accomplished by appropriate Modification. If the Contractor performs Work
knowing it to be contrary to laws, statutes, ordinances, building codes, and
rules and regulations without such notice to the Program Manager, Architect and
Owner, the Contractor shall assume full responsibility for such Work and shall
bear the attributable costs.

4.7      ALLOWANCES.

4.7.1    The Contractor shall include in the Contract Sum all
allowances stated in the Contract Documents. Items covered by allowances shall
be supplied for such amounts and by such persons or entities as the Owner may
direct, but the Contractor shall not be required to employ persons or entities
against which the Contractor makes reasonable objection.


<PAGE>   11



4.7.2    Unless otherwise provided in the Contract Documents, (i)
materials and equipment under an allowance shall be selected by the Owner to
avoid delay in the Work; (ii) allowances shall cover the cost to the Contractor
of materials and equipment delivered at the Project site and all required taxes,
less applicable trade discounts unless installation costs are specified as part
of the allowance; (iii) Contractor's costs for unloading and handling at the
Project site, labor, installation costs and other expenses contemplated for
stated allowance amounts shall be included in the Contract Sum and not in the
allowances.

4.7.3    Contractor acknowledges that the inclusion of the Allowances
will not be considered to mean that Contractor is entitled to receive payment in
the same amount nor will it be subject to any Shared Savings to Contractor, if
any. Contractor will not be entitled to additional job and field overhead,
general conditions, home office overhead, fee and/or profit due to an adjustment
from the allowance amount to the actual Direct Cost of the allowance item. The
Contract Documents provide that, after a firm price is agreed upon between the
Owner and Contractor from that portion of the Work at issue, an adjustment
either up or down to the GMP (contract Sum) will be made equal to any difference
between the specified allowance and the firm price.

4.7.4    Allowance items are detailed in Exhibit ___ attached hereto.

4.8      SUPERINTENDENT. The Contractor shall employ a competent superintendent
and necessary assistants who shall be in attendance at the Project site during
performance of the Work. The superintendent shall represent the Contractor, and
communications given to the superintendent shall be as binding as if given to
the Contractor. 4.9 CONTRACTOR'S CONSTRUCTION SCHEDULE.

4.9.1    The Contractor, within 30 days after being awarded the
Contract, shall prepare and submit for the Owner's and Program Manager's
approval a Contractor's Construction Schedule for the Work and shall cause the
completion of the Work to comply with such schedule. (Included as part of this
contract as Exhibit ______)Such schedule shall not exceed time limits current
under the Contract Documents, shall be revised at monthly intervals as required
by the conditions of the Work and Project, shall be related to the entire
Project construction schedule to the extent required by the Contract Documents,
and shall provide for expeditious and practicable execution of the Work. The
Schedule shall be based on a Critical Path (CPM) bar chart analysis of
construction activities and sequential operations needed for the orderly
performance and completion of any separable parts of any and all Work in
accordance with the Contract.

4.9.2    The Construction Schedule shall be complete in all respects,
covering, in addition to activities and interfaces with other Contractors at the
site of Work, offsite activities such as design, fabrication, an allowance for
normal weather delays, submittals, procurement and jobsite delivery of
Contractor furnished material and equipment. The schedule shall be a Critical
Path Method (CPM) type bar chart drawn to a time scale using precedence type
diagramming or bar chart with sufficient detail to conform to the requirements
outlined herein. In addition, the Contractor, within 30 days after being awarded
the contract, shall submit a detailed written narrative description of its plan
for performing the Work to meet the Construction Schedule.

4.9.3    The Construction Schedule shall include the following:

(a)      The location of each start and finish of activities
by building;


<PAGE>   12



(b)      Activities showing schedule early/late start and
early/late finish;

(c)      Brief description of each activity;

(d)      Relations between activities;

(e)      Indication of activities with less than one (1) month
of float;

(f)      contractual and other major milestones.

4.9.4    The original submittal of the CPM Schedule or Bar Chart and
each periodic monthly update of same shall be accompanied by a separate listing
of all activities on the Schedule which shall include the following:

(a)      A listing of all activities by activity description,
each identified by mode or activity number;

(b)      The duration of each activity;

(c)      Earliest start and finish dates for each activity;

(d)      Latest start and finish dates for each activity;

(e)      Float time for each activity;

(f) As each duration, start date, finish date and float times
of each activity become actual, it shall be noted as such on
the periodic monthly update of the activities listing;

(g)      As each activity is completed, it shall be noted as
such on the periodic monthly update of the activities
listing.

4.9.5    The Contractor shall cooperate with the Program Manager in
scheduling and performing the Contractor's Work to avoid conflict, delay in or
interference with the Work of Other Contractors or the construction or
operations of the Owner's agents, employees and Contractors. The Contractor
shall incorporate into the schedule, the Owners area turnover milestones as
noted in the Owners construction turnover schedule dated July 26, 1999 in
Exhibit -------.

4.9.6    Float or slack time associated with one chain of activities is
defined as the amount of time between earliest start date and latest start date
or between earliest finish date and latest finish date for such activities, as
described in an approved Schedule for the Work, including any revisions or
updates to the Schedule. Float time, as identified in this Paragraph, shall be
neither to the benefit of the Owner or the Contractor, but shall be deemed for
the beneficial use of the project, subject to the provisions as outlined in the
Project specifications dated October 20, 1999, Section 01325. The Contractor
agrees that the Project shall receive the benefit of any float, and delays to
construction activities which do not affect the overall completion of the Work
shall not entitle the Contractor to an extension of the Contract Substantial
Completion date.


<PAGE>   13



4.9.7    The Contractor shall prepare and keep current, for the Program
Manager's and Architect's approval, a schedule of submittals which is
coordinated with the Contractor's Construction Schedule and allow the Program
Manager and Architect reasonable time to review submittals.

4.9.8    The Contractor shall promptly inform Owner, in writing of any
proposed change in the Schedule and narrative and shall furnish Owner with a
revised Schedule and narrative within (10) calendar days after approval by Owner
of such change. The Schedule, activities listing and narrative shall be kept
current, taking into account the actual progress of Work and shall be updated
and submitted to the Owner every thirty (30) calendar days. The revised
Schedule, activities listing and narrative shall be sufficient to meet the
requirements for the completion of the separable parts of any and all Work as
set forth in the Contract. Monthly Progress Pay Requests will not be approved
until the receipt by the Owner of these updates.

4.10     DOCUMENTS AND SAMPLES AT THE PROJECT SITE.

4.10.1   The Contractor shall maintain at the Project site for the
Owner one record copy of the Drawings, Specifications, addenda, Change Orders
and other Modifications, in good order and marked currently to record changes
and selections made during construction, and in addition approved Shop Drawings,
Product Data, Samples and similar required submittals. These shall be available
to the Program Manager, Architect and Owner and shall be delivered to the
Program Manager for submittal to the Owner upon completion of the Work.

4.10.2   When used herein:

4.10.2.1 "Shop Drawings" shall mean drawings, diagrams,
schedules and other data specially prepared for the Work by the Contractor or a
Subcontractor, Sub-subcontractor, manufacturer, supplier or distributor to
illustrate some portion of the Work;

4.10.2.2 "Product Data" shall mean illustrations, standard
schedules, performance charts, instructions, brochures, diagrams and other
information furnished by the Contractor to illustrate materials or equipment for
some portion of the Work; and

4.10.2.1 "Samples" shall mean physical examples, which
illustrate materials, equipment or workmanship and establish standards by which
the Work will be judged.

4.10.3   Shop Drawings, Product Data, Samples and similar submittals
are not Contract Documents. The purpose of their submittal is to demonstrate for
those portions of the Work for which submittals are required the way the
Contractor proposes to conform to the information given and the design concept
expressed in the Contract Documents.

4.10.4   The Contractor shall review, approve and submit to the Program
Manager and Architect, in accordance with the schedule and sequence approved by
the Program Manager and Architect Shop Drawings, Product Data, Samples and
similar submittals required by the Contract Documents. Submittals made by the
Contractor, which are not required by the Contract Documents, may be returned
without action by minor change in the work or Change Order.


<PAGE>   14



4.10.5   The Contractor shall not perform any portion of the Work
requiring submittal and review of Shop Drawings, Product Data, Samples or
similar submittals until the respective submittal has been approved by the
Architect. Such Work shall be in accordance with approved submittals.

4.10.6   By approving and submitting Shop Drawings, Product Data,
Samples and similar submittals, the Contractor represents that the Contractor
has determined and verified materials, field measurements and field construction
criteria related thereto, or will do so, and has checked and coordinated the
information contained within such submittals with the requirements of the Work
and of the Contract Documents.

4.10.7   The Contractor shall not be relieved of responsibility for
deviations, errors or omissions from requirements of the Contract Documents by
the Architect's approval of Shop Drawings, Product Data, Samples or similar
submittals unless the Contractor has specifically informed the Architect in
writing of such deviation at the time of submittal and the Architect has given
written approval to the specific deviation.

4.10.8   The Contractor shall direct specific attention, in writing or
on resubmitted Shop Drawings, Product Data, Samples or similar submittals, to
revisions other than those requested by the Program Manager and Architect on
previous submittals.

4.10.9   Informational submittals upon which the Program Manager and
Architect are not expected to take responsive action may be so identified in the
Contract Documents.

4.10.10  ,The Contractor shall not be required to provide professional
services which constitute the practice of architecture or engineering unless
such services are specifically required by the Contract Documents for a portion
of the Work or unless the Contractor needs to provide such services in order to
carry out the contractor's responsibilities for construction means, methods,
techniques, sequences and procedures. The Contractor shall not be required to
provide professional services in violation of applicable law. If professional
design services or certifications by a design professional related to systems,
materials or equipment are specifically required of the Contractor by the
Contract Documents, the Owner and the Architect will specify all performance and
design criteria that such services must satisfy. The Contractor shall cause such
services or certifications to be provided by a provided by a properly licensed
design professional, whose signature and seal shall appear on all drawings,
calculations, specifications, certifications, Shop Drawings and other submittals
prepared by such professional. Shop Drawings and other submittals related to the
Work designed or certified by such professional, if prepared by others, shall
bear such professional's written approval when submitted to the Architect. The
Owner and the Architect shall be entitled to rely upon the adequacy, accuracy
and completeness of the services, certifications or approvals performed by such
design professionals, provided the Owner and Architect have specified to the
contractor all performance and design criteria that such service must satisfy.
Pursuant to this Subparagraph 3.12.10, the Architect will review, approve or
take other appropriate action on submittals only for the limited purpose of
checking for conformance with information given and the design concept expressed
in the Contract Documents. The Contractor shall not be responsible for the
adequacy of the performance or design criteria required by the Contract
Documents.

4.11     USE OF SITE. The Contractor shall confine operations at the Project
site to areas permitted by law, ordinances, permits and the Contract Documents
and shall not unreasonably encumber the Project site with Materials or
equipment. The Contractor shall coordinate the Contractor's operations


<PAGE>   15



with, and secure the approval of, the Program Manager and Owner before using any
portion of the Project site and/or any adjacent off-site staging areas.


4.12     CUTTING AND PATCHING. The Contractor shall be responsible for cutting,
fitting or patching required to complete the Work or to make its parts fit
together properly. The Contractor shall not damage or endanger a portion of the
Work or fully or partially completed construction of the Owner's agents,
employees and Contractors or of Other Contractors by cutting, patching,
excavating or otherwise altering such construction. The Contractor shall not cut
or otherwise alter such construction by the Owner or the Owner's agents or
Contractors without the written consent of the Program Manager and Owner.

4.13     CLEANUP. The Contractor shall keep the premises and surrounding area
free from accumulation of waste materials or rubbish caused by operations under
the Contract. At completion of the Work the Contractor shall remove from and
about the Project waste materials, rubbish, the Contractor's tools, construction
equipment, machinery and surplus materials. If the Contractor fails to clean up
as provided in the Contract Documents, the Owner may do so and the cost thereof
shall be charged to the Contractor.

4.13.1   Final Clean-Up. Prior to Substantial Completion, the
Contractor shall employ experienced persons or a professional team to make a
Final Clean-Up of the Project or such portions of the Project as the Owner may
designate. Such Clean-Up shall leave all surfaces, equipment, finishes,
fixtures, furnishings and other similar items in a condition requiring only
ordinary care to maintain. The Contractor shall be responsible to reclean as
directed any areas soiled or dirtied as a result of performing corrective or
uncompleted Work.

4.14     ACCESS TO WORK. The Contractor shall provide the Owner, Program Manager
and Architect access to the Work in preparation and progress wherever located
and at any time during the course of construction.


4.15     ROYALTIES AND PATENTS. The Contractor shall pay all royalties and
license fees. The Contractor shall defend suits or claims for infringement of
patent rights and shall hold the Owner, Program Manager and Architect harmless
from loss on account thereof, but shall not be responsible for such defense or
loss when a particular design, process or product of a particular manufacturer
or manufacturers is required by the Contract Documents. However, if the
Contractor has reason to believe that the required design, process or product is
an infringement of a patent, the Contractor shall be responsible for such loss
unless such information is promptly furnished to the Architect and Owner.

4.16     INDEMNIFICATION.

4.16.1   To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Contractor shall
indemnify and hold harmless the Owner, Program Manager, Architect, Owner's,
Program Manager's and Architect's consultants, contractors and agents and
employees from and against claims, damages, losses and expenses, including but
not limited to attorneys' fees, for bodily injury (including death) or property
damage (other than property to be insured by Owner) arising out of or resulting
from performance of the Work, to the extent caused by negligent, willful or
fraudulent acts or omissions of the Contractor, a Subcontractor,
Sub-subcontractor or anyone directly or indirectly employed by them or anyone
for


<PAGE>   16

whose acts they may be liable, regardless of whether or not such claim, damage,
loss or expense is caused in part by a party indemnified hereunder. Such
obligation shall not be construed to negate, abridge or reduce other rights or
obligations of indemnity which would otherwise exist as to a party or person
described in this Paragraph 4.16.

4.16.2   In claims against any person or entity indemnified under this
Paragraph 4.16 by an employee of the Contractor, a Subcontractor,
Sub-subcontractor or anyone directly or indirectly employed by them or anyone
for whose acts they may be liable, the indemnification obligation under this
Paragraph 4.16 shall not be limited by a limitation on amount or type of
damages, compensation or benefits payable by or for the Contractor, a
Subcontractor or Sub-subcontractor under workers compensation acts, disability
benefit acts or other employee benefit acts.

4.16.3   The obligations of the Contractor under this Paragraph 4.16
shall not extend to the liability of the Program Manager, Architect, their
consultants, and agents and employees of any of them arising out of (i) the
preparation or approval of maps, drawings, opinions, reports, surveys, Change
Orders, designs or specifications, or (ii) the giving of or the failure to give
directions or instructions by the Program Manager, Architect, their consultants,
and agents and employees of any of them provided such giving or failure to give
is the primary cause of the injury or damage.

4.17     OTHER CONTRACTORS. The Contractor shall cooperate with any other
Contractors who contract with Owner in connection with the Project (the "Other
Contractors").

4.18     Neither contractor nor its affiliates shall be liable for any
consequential damages, whether based upon contract, negligence or other legal
theory. This provision shall not limit Contractor's liability for liquidated
damages expressly assumed under this Agreement.

ARTICLE 5
ADMINISTRATION OF THE CONTRACT

5.1      MODIFICATION OF DUTIES. The duties, responsibilities and limitations of
authority of the Program Manager and Architect as set forth in the Contract
Documents shall not be restricted, modified or extended without written consent
of the Owner, and either the Program Manager or Architect, as applicable, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

5.2      REPLACEMENT OF ARCHITECT OR PROGRAM MANAGER. In case of termination of
employment of the Program Manager or Architect, the Owner shall appoint a
replacement Program Manager or Architect, with the Contractor's consent, which
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, and whose status under the
Contract Documents shall be that of the former Program Manager or Architect,
respectively.


<PAGE>   17




5.3      ADMINISTRATION OF THE CONTRACT

5.3.1    GENERAL. The Program Manager and Architect will provide
administration of the Contract as described in the Contract Documents, and will
be the Owner's representatives (i) during construction, (ii) until final payment
is due and (iii) with the Owner's concurrence, from time to time during the
correction period described in Paragraph 13.2. The Program Manager and Architect
will advise and consult with the Owner and will have authority to act on behalf
of the Owner only to the extent provided in the Contract Documents, unless
otherwise modified by written instrument in accordance with other provisions of
the Contract.

5.3.2    PROGRAM MANAGER DUTIES. The Program Manager will have the
following duties and responsibilities:

5.3.2.1  The Architect and Program Manager will monitor in
general that the Work is being performed in accordance with the requirements of
the Contract Documents, will keep the Owner informed of the progress of the
Work, and will endeavor to avoid any defects or deficiencies in the Work.

5.3.2.2  The Contractor will provide for coordination of the
activities of the Other Contractors with the Work of the Contractor.

5.3.2.3  The Contractor shall participate with Other
Contractors and the Program Manager and Owner in reviewing their construction
schedules when directed to do so. The Contractor shall make any revisions to the
construction schedule deemed necessary after a joint review and mutual
agreement.

5.3.2.4  The Program Manager will assist the Contractor with
the schedule and coordinate the activities of any Owner Contractor and Suppliers
in accordance with the latest approved Project construction schedule.

5.3.2.5  The Program Manager will review and certify all
Applications for Payment by the Contractor, including final payment. The
Contractor will assemble each of the Subcontractors and Vendors Applications for
Payment into a Project Application and Project Certificate for Payment. After
reviewing and certifying the amounts due the Contractor and the Other
Contractors, the Program Manager will submit the Project Application and Project
Certificate for Payment, along with the applicable Contractors' Applications and
Certificates for Payment, to the Architect.

5.3.2.6  The Contractor will receive and review and approve
all Shop Drawings, Product Data and Samples, coordinate them with information
received from Other Contractors, and transmit to the Architect those recommended
for approval.

5.3.2.7  The Program Manager's actions will be taken with such
reasonable promptness as to cause no delay in the Work of the Contractor or in
the activities of Other Contractors, the Owner, or the Architect.

5.3.2.8  The Program Manager will assist the Architect in
conducting inspections to determine the dates of Substantial Completion and
final completion, and will receive and forward to the Architect written
warranties and related documents required by the Contract and assembled by


<PAGE>   18



the Contractor. The Program Manager will forward to the Architect a final
Project Application and Project Certificate for Payment upon compliance with the
requirements of the Contract Documents.

5.3.2.9  The Architect will prepare Change Orders and
Construction Change Directives.

5.3.2.10 The Contractor will maintain at the Project site for
the Owner one record copy of all Contracts, Drawings, Specifications, addenda,
Change Orders and other Modifications, in good order and marked currently to
record all changes and selections made during construction, and in addition
approved Shop Drawings, Product Data, Samples and similar required submittals.
These will be available to the Architect and the Program Manager, and will be
delivered to the Owner upon completion of the Project.

5.3.3    ARCHITECT DUTIES. The Architect will have the following duties
and responsibilities:

5.3.3.1  The Architect will have two full time representatives
on the Project site to review the progress and quality of the completed Work and
to determine if the Work is being performed in a manner indicating that the
Work, when completed, will be in accordance with the Contract Documents. On the
basis of on-site observations, the Architect will keep the Owner informed of
progress of the Work, and will endeavor to avoid defects and deficiencies in the
Work. The duties, responsibilities and limitations of authority of such Project
representatives shall be as set forth in an exhibit to be incorporated in the
Contract Documents.

5.3.3.2  Based on the Architect's observations and evaluations
of Applications for Payment, and the recommendations of the Program Manager, the
Architect will review and certify the amounts due the Contractors and will issue
a certificate for payment.

5.3.3.3  The Architect will review and approve or take other
appropriate action upon the Contractor's submittals such as Shop Drawings,
Product Data and Samples, but only for the limited purpose of checking for
conformance with information given and the design concept expressed in the
Contract Documents. The Architect's action will be taken with such reasonable
promptness as to cause no delay in the Work of the Contractor or in the
activities of the Other Contractors, the Owner, or the Program Manager, while
allowing sufficient time in the Architect's professional judgment to permit
adequate review. The Architect's review of the Contractor's submittals shall not
relieve the Contractor of its obligations under this Agreement.

5.3.3.4  The Architect will interpret and decide matters
concerning performance under and requirements of the Contract Documents on
written request of the Program Manager, Owner or Contractor. The Architect's
response to such requests will be made with reasonable promptness and within any
time limits agreed upon. Interpretations and decisions of the Architect will be
consistent with the intent of and reasonably inferable from the Contract
Documents and will be in writing or in the form of drawings.

5.3.4    REJECTION OF WORK. The Architect will have authority to reject
Work which does not conform to the Contract Documents, and to require additional
inspection or testing, in accordance with Subparagraphs 15.5.2 and 15.5.3,
whether or not such Work is fabricated, installed or completed, but will take
such action only after notifying the Program Manager and Owner. Subject to
review by the Architect, the Program Manager will have the authority to reject
Work which does not conform to the Contract Documents. Whenever the Program
Manager considers it necessary or


<PAGE>   19




advisable for implementation of the intent of the Contract Documents, the
Program Manager will have authority to require additional inspection or testing
of the Work in accordance with Subparagraphs 15.5.2 and 15.5.3, whether or not
such Work is fabricated, installed or completed.

5.3.5    COMMUNICATIONS FACILITATING CONTRACT ADMINISTRATION. Except as
otherwise provided in the Contract Documents or when direct communications have
been specially authorized, the Owner and Contractor shall communicate through
the Program Manager, and shall contemporaneously provide the same communications
to the Architect. Communications by and with the Architect's consultants shall
be through the Architect. Communications by and with Subcontractors and material
suppliers shall be through the Contractor. Communications by and with Other
Contractors shall be through the Program Manager and shall be contemporaneously
provided to the Architect.

5.4      CLAIMS AND DISPUTES

5.4.1    DEFINITION. A Claim is a demand or assertion by one of the
parties seeking, as a matter of right, adjustment or interpretation of the terms
of the Contract Documents, payment of money, extension of time or other relief
with respect to the terms of the Contract Documents. The term "Claim" also
includes other disputes and matters in question between the Owner and Contractor
arising out of or relating to the Contract. Claims must be made by written
notice. The responsibility to substantiate Claims shall rest with the party
making the Claim.

5.4.2    DECISION OF ARCHITECT. Claims, including those alleging an
error or omission by the Contractor, but excluding those alleging an error or
omission by the Architect, shall be referred initially to the Architect for
action as provided in Paragraph 5.5. A decision by the Architect, as provided in
Subparagraph 5.5.4, shall be required as a condition precedent to arbitration or
litigation of a Claim between the Contractor and Owner as to all such matters
arising prior to the date final payment is due, regardless of (1) whether such
matters relate to execution and progress of the Work or (2) the extent to which
the Work has been completed. The decision by the Architect in response to a
Claim shall not be a condition precedent to arbitration or litigation in the
event (1) the position of Architect is vacant, (2) the Architect has not
received evidence or has failed to render a decision within agreed time limits,
(3) the Architect has failed to take action required under Subparagraph 5.5.4
within 30 days after the Claim is made, (4) 45 days have passed after the Claim
has been referred to the Architect or (5) the Claim relates to a mechanic's
lien.

5.4.3    TIME LIMITS ON CLAIMS. Claims by either party must be made
within 7 days after occurrence of the event giving rise to such Claim or within
7 days after the claimant first recognizes the condition giving rise to the
Claim, whichever is later. Claims must be made by written notice. No additional
Claim will be made after the initial Claim has been implemented by Change Order
and will not be considered.

5.4.4    CONTINUING CONTRACT PERFORMANCE. Pending final resolution of a
Claim including arbitration, unless otherwise agreed in writing the Contractor
shall proceed diligently with performance of the Contract and the Owner shall
continue to make payments in accordance with the Contract Documents, except for
the amounts to be in dispute.

5.4.5    WAIVER OF CLAIMS; FINAL PAYMENT. The making of final payment
shall constitute a waiver of Claims by the Owner except those arising from:


<PAGE>   20



5.4.5.1  liens, Claims, security interests or encumbrances
arising out of the Contract Documents and unsettled;

5.4.5.2  failure of the Work to comply with the requirements
of the Contract Documents; or

5.4.5.3  terms of special warranties required by the Contract
Documents.

5.4.6    CLAIMS FOR CONCEALED OR UNKNOWN CONDITIONS. If conditions are
encountered at the Project site which are (1) subsurface or otherwise concealed
physical conditions which differ materially from those indicated in the Contract
Documents or (2) unknown physical conditions of an unusual nature, which differ
materially from those ordinarily found to exist and generally recognized as
inherent in construction activities of the character provided for in the
Contract Documents, then notice by the observing party shall be given to the
other party promptly before conditions are disturbed and in no event later than
7 days after first observance of the conditions. The Architect will promptly
investigate such conditions and, if they differ materially and cause an increase
or decrease in the Contractor's cost of, performance for any part of the Work,
will recommend an equitable adjustment in the Contract Sum and/or Contract Time.
If the Architect determines that the conditions at the Project site are not
materially different from those indicated in the Contract Documents and that no
change in the terms of the Contract is justified, the Architect shall so notify
the Owner and Contractor in writing, stating the reasons. Claims by either party
in opposition to such determination must be made within 7 days after the
Architect has given notice of the decision. If the Owner and Contractor cannot
agree on an adjustment in the Contract Sum and/or Contract Time, the adjustment
shall be referred to the Architect for initial determination, subject to further
proceedings pursuant to Paragraph 5.5.

5.4.7    CLAIMS FOR ADDITIONAL COST. If the Contractor wishes to make
Claim for an increase in the Contract Sum, written notice as provided herein
shall be given before proceeding to execute the Work and such Claim shall be
made and prosecuted in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Prior notice
is not required for Claims relating to an emergency endangering life or property
arising under Paragraph 11.3.

5.4.8    CLAIMS FOR ADDITIONAL TIME. If the Contractor wishes to make a
Claim for an increase in the Contract Time beyond Substantial Completion,
written notice as provided herein shall be given. The Contractor's Claim shall
include an estimate of cost and of probable effect of delay on progress of the
Work. In the case of a continuing delay only one Claim is necessary. If adverse
weather conditions are the basis for a Claim for an increase in the Contract
Time, such Claim shall be documented by data substantiating that weather
conditions were abnormal for the period of time and could not have been
reasonably anticipated, and that weather conditions had an adverse effect on the
scheduled construction.

5.4.8.1  If the Contractor's performance of this Contract is
delayed, which delay is beyond the reasonable control and without fault
or negligence of the Contractor, or by changes ordered in the Work and
that such delay or change in the Work impacts the CRITICAL PATH, then
the Contract time shall be extended by Change Order as may be
determined by the Contractor, Program Manager and Architect and agreed
to by the Owner. Any extension of time agreed to, will be subject to
the penalties pursuant to paragraph 2.3.6. Except for Force Majure, as
permitted in this agreement, in Paragraph 9.1.3 (I through vi) in no
event shall Substantial Completion extend beyond December 31, 2001.


<PAGE>   21



5.4.8.2  The Contractor must request the extension of time in
writing and must provide the following information within the time
periods stated hereafter. Failure to submit such information and in
compliance with the time requirements hereinafter stated, shall
constitute a waiver by the Contractor and a denial of the claim for
extension of time:

(a)      Nature of the delay or change in the Work;

(b)      Dates of commencement/cessation of the delay
or change in the Work;

(c)      Activities on the current progress schedule
affected by the delay or change in the Work;

(d)      Identification and demonstration that the
delay or change in Work impacts the Critical
Path;

(e)      Identification of the source of delay or
change in the Work;

(f)      Anticipated impact extent of the delay or
change in the Work; and

(g)      Recommended action to minimize the delay.

5.4.8.3  The Contractor shall not be entitled to any
extensions of time for delays resulting from any cause unless it shall
have notified the Owner, in writing, within five (5) working days after
the commencement of such delay and, within ten (10) days of
commencement of the delay provide, in writing, the information stated
above.

5.4.9    INJURY OR DAMAGE TO PERSON OR PROPERTY. If either party to the
Contract suffers injury or damage to person or property because of an act or
omission of the other party, or any of the other party's employees or agents, or
of others for whose acts such party is legally liable, written notice of such
injury or damage, whether or not insured, shall be given to the other party
within a reasonable time not exceeding 7 days after first observance. The notice
shall provide sufficient detail to enable the other party to investigate the
matter.

5.5      RESOLUTION OF CLAIMS AND DISPUTES

5.5.1    The Architect will review Claims and take one or more of the
following preliminary actions within ten days of receipt of a Claim: (i) request
additional supporting data from the claimant, (ii) submit a schedule to the
parties indicating when the Architect expects to take action, (iii) reject the
Claim in whole or in part, stating reasons for rejection, (iv) recommend
approval of the Claim by the other party or (v) suggest a compromise. The
Architect may also, but is not obligated to, notify the surety, if any, of the
nature and amount of the Claim.

5.5.2    If a Claim has been resolved, the Architect will prepare or
obtain appropriate documentation.

5.5.3    If a Claim has not been resolved, the party making the Claim
shall, within ten days after the Architect's preliminary response, take one or
more of the following actions: (i) submit


<PAGE>   22



additional supporting data requested by the Architect, (ii) modify the initial
Claim or (iii) reaffirm its initial Claim.

5.5.4    If a Claim has not been resolved after consideration of the
foregoing and of further evidence presented by the parties or requested by the
Architect, the Architect will notify the parties in writing that the Architect's
decision will be made within seven days, which decision shall be final and
binding on the parties but subject to arbitration. Upon expiration of such time
period, the Architect will render to the parties the Architect's written
decision relative to the Claim, including any change in the Contract Sum. If
there is a surety and there appears to be a possibility of a Contractor's
default, the Architect shall notify the surety and request the surety's
assistance in resolving the controversy.

5.6      ARBITRATION

5.6.1    CONTROVERSIES AND CLAIMS SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION. Any
controversy or Claim arising out of or related to the Contract, or the breach
thereof, shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the Construction
Industry Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, and judgment
upon the award rendered by the arbitrator or arbitrators may be entered in any
court having jurisdiction thereof, except those waived as provided for in
Subparagraph 5.4.5. Such controversies or Claims upon which the Architect has
given notice and rendered a decision as provided in Subparagraph 5.5.4 shall be
subject to arbitration upon written demand of either party. Arbitration may be
commenced when 45 days have passed after a Claim has been referred to the
Architect as provided in Paragraph 5.4 and no decision has been rendered.

5.6.2    RULES AND NOTICES FOR ARBITRATION. Claims between the Owner
and Contractor not resolved under Paragraph 5.5 shall, if subject to arbitration
under Subparagraph 5.6.1, be decided by arbitration in accordance with the
Construction Industry Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association
currently in effect, unless the parties mutually agree otherwise. Notice of
demand for arbitration shall be filed in writing with the other party to the
Agreement between the Owner and Contractor and with the American Arbitration
Association, and copies shall be filed with the Architect.

5.6.3    CONTRACT PERFORMANCE DURING ARBITRATION. During arbitration
proceedings, the Owner and Contractor shall comply with Subparagraph 5.4.4.

5.6.4    WHEN ARBITRATION MAY BE DEMANDED. Demand for arbitration of
any Claim may not be made until the earlier of (1) the date on which the
Architect has rendered a final written decision on the Claim, (2) the tenth day
after the parties have presented evidence to the Architect or have been given
reasonable opportunity to do so, if the Architect has not rendered a final
written decision by that date, or (3) the occurrence of any of the five events
described in Subparagraph 5.4.2. A demand for arbitration shall be made before
the date when institution of legal or equitable proceedings based on such Claim
would be barred by the applicable statute of limitations. If the Architect
renders a decision after arbitration proceedings have been initiated, such
decision may be entered as evidence, but shall not supersede arbitration
proceedings unless the decision is acceptable to all parties concerned.

5.6.5    LIMITATION ON CONSOLIDATION OR JOINDER. No arbitration arising
out of or relating to the Contract Documents shall include, by consolidation or
joinder or in any other manner, the Program Manager, the Architect, or the
Program Manager's or Architect's employees or consultants,


<PAGE>   23



except by written consent containing specific reference to the Agreement and
signed by the Program Manager, Architect, Owner, Contractor and any other person
or entity sought to be joined. No arbitration shall include, by consolidation or
joinder or in any other manner, parties other than the Owner, Contractor, Other
Contractors as described in Article 6 and other persons substantially involved
in a common question of fact or law whose presence is required if complete
relief is to be accorded in arbitration. No persons or entities other than the
Owner, Contractor or Other Contractors shall be included as an original third
party or additional third party to an arbitration whose interest or
responsibility is insubstantial. Consent to arbitration involving an additional
person or entity shall not constitute consent to arbitration of a dispute not
described therein or with a person or entity not named or described therein. The
foregoing agreement to arbitrate and other agreements to arbitrate with an
additional person or entity duly consented to by parties to the Agreement shall
be specifically enforceable under applicable law in any court having
jurisdiction thereof.

5.6.6    JUDGMENT ON FINAL AWARD. The award rendered by the arbitrator
or arbitrators shall be final, and judgment may be entered upon it in accordance
with applicable law in any court having jurisdiction thereof.

5.6.7    It shall be established that arbitration proceedings will be
in Nashville, Tennessee.

ARTICLE 6
SUBCONTRACTORS

6.1      DEFINITIONS. A Subcontractor is a person or entity who has a direct
contract with the Contractor to perform a portion of the Work at the Project
site. The term "Subcontractor" is referred to throughout the Contract Documents
as if singular in number and means a Subcontractor or an authorized
representative of the Subcontractor. The term "Subcontractor" does not include
Other Contractors or Subcontractors of Other Contractors. A Sub-subcontractor is
a person or entity who has a direct or indirect contract with a Subcontractor to
perform a portion of the Work at the Project site. The term "Sub-subcontractor"
is referred to throughout the Contract Documents as if singular in number and
means a Sub-subcontractor or an authorized representative of the
Sub-subcontractor.

6.2      AWARD OF SUBCONTRACTS AND OTHER CONTRACTS FOR PORTIONS OF THE WORK.
Unless otherwise stated in the Contract Documents or the bidding requirements,
the Contractor, as soon as practicable after award of the Contract, shall
furnish in writing to the Program Manager for review by the Owner, Program
Manager and Architect the names of persons or entities (including those who are
to furnish materials or equipment fabricated to a special design) proposed for
each principal portion of the Work. The Program Manager will promptly reply to
the Contractor in writing stating whether or not the Owner, Program Manager or
Architect, after due investigation, has reasonable objection to any such
proposed person or entity. The Contractor shall not contract with a proposed
person or entity to whom the Owner, Program Manager or Architect has made
reasonable and timely objection. The Contractor shall not be required to
contract with anyone to whom the Contractor has made reasonable objection. If
the Owner, Program Manager or Architect has reasonable objection to a person or
entity proposed by the Contractor, the Contractor shall propose another to whom
the Owner, Program Manager or Architect has no reasonable objection. However, no
increase in the Contract Sum shall be allowed for such change unless the
Contractor has acted promptly and responsively in submitting names as required.
The Contractor shall not change a Subcontractor, person or entity previously
selected if the Owner, Program Manager or Architect makes reasonable objection
to such change.


<PAGE>   24




6.2.1    Contractor shall obtain bids from all subcontractors and
suppliers of materials or equipment fabricated especially for the Work. After
receiving the bids, the Contractor shall analyze them and provide the Owner and
Program Manager with a tally sheet reflecting the bids, including all supported
data, and recommendations for awards. Along with its recommendations Contractor
shall provide all pertinent data required for a decision upon the award, and
certifying that, to the best of its knowledge, the bid of the recommended
subcontractor or supplier is bona fide and reasonable. The Owner will then
determine, based on the advice of the contractor and Program Manager, which bids
will be accepted.

6.2.2    Contractor shall invite bids from and enter into contracts and
material orders with only subcontractors and suppliers who have been approved by
the Program Manager and the Owner. When the Program Manager and the Owner have
determined to whom to award each subcontract and purchase order, Contractor
shall contract solely in its own name and behalf, not in the name or behalf of
the Program Manager and the Owner, with the specified subcontractor or supplier.

6.2.3    Contractor's subcontract form or forms shall be subject to
approval of the Program Manager and the Owner and shall provide that the
subcontractor perform its portion of the Work in accordance with all applicable
provisions of the Contract Documents. All subcontracts shall, so far as
practicable, contain unit prices and any other feasible formula for use and
determination of the costs of changes in the Work.

6.3      SUBCONTRACTUAL RELATIONS. By appropriate written agreement, the
contractor shall require each Subcontractor, to the extent of the Work to be
performed by the Subcontractor, to be bound to the Contractor by terms of the
Contract Documents, and to assume toward the Contractor all the obligations and
responsibilities which the Contractor has to the Owner, Program Manager and
Architect. Each subcontract agreement shall preserve and protect the rights of
the Owner, Program Manager and Architect under the Contract Documents with
respect to the Work to be performed by the Subcontractor so that subcontracting
thereof will not prejudice such rights, and shall allow to the Subcontractor,
unless specifically provided otherwise in the subcontract agreement, the benefit
of all rights, remedies and redress against the Contractor that the Contractor,
by the Contract Documents, has against the Owner. The Contractor shall require
each Subcontractor to enter into similar agreements with Sub-Subcontractors. The
Contractor shall make available to each proposed Subcontractor, prior to the
execution of the subcontract agreement, copies of the Contract Documents to
which the Subcontractor will be bound, and, upon written request of the
Subcontractor, identify to the Subcontractor terms and conditions of the
proposed subcontract agreement which may be at variance with the Contract
Documents. Subcontractors shall similarly make copies of applicable portions of
such documents available to their respective proposed Sub-Subcontractors.

6.4      CONTINGENT ASSIGNMENT OF SUBCONTRACTS. Each subcontract agreement for a
portion of the Work is assigned by the Contractor to the Owner provided that (i)
assignment is effective only after termination of the Contract by the Owner for
cause pursuant to Paragraph 14.2 and only for those subcontract agreements which
the Owner accepts by notifying the Subcontractor in writing; and (ii) assignment
is subject to the prior rights of the surety, if any, obligated under bond
relating to the Contract.

ARTICLE 7
CONSTRUCTION BY OWNER OR BY


<PAGE>   25



OTHER CONTRACTORS

7.1      OWNER'S RIGHT TO PERFORM CONSTRUCTION AND TO AWARD OTHER CONTRACTS. The
Owner reserves the right to perform construction or operations related to the
Project with the Owner's own employees, agents or other Contractors, which may
include persons or entities under separate contracts not administered by the
Contractor. If the Contractor claims that delay or additional cost is involved
because of such action by the Owner, the Contractor shall make such Claim as
provided elsewhere in the Contract Documents.

7.2      MUTUAL RESPONSIBILITY.

7.2.1    The Contractor shall afford the Owner's agents, employees and
subcontractors, Program Manager and Other Contractors reasonable opportunity for
introduction and storage of their materials and equipment and performance of
their activities, and shall connect and coordinate the Contractor's construction
and operations with the operations of such parties as required by the Contract
Documents.

7.2.2    If part of the Contractor's Work depends for proper execution
or results upon construction or operations by the Owner's agents, employees and
Other Contractors, the Contractor shall, prior to proceeding with that portion
of the Work, promptly report to the Program Manager and Architect apparent
discrepancies or defects in such other construction that would render it
unsuitable for such proper execution and results. Failure of the Contractor to
report shall constitute an acknowledgment that such construction or operations
is fit and proper to receive the Contractor's Work, except as to defects not
then reasonably discoverable.

7.2.3    Costs caused by delays or by improperly timed activities or
defective construction shall be borne by the party responsible therefor.

7.2.4    The Contractor shall promptly remedy damage wrongfully caused
by the Contractor to completed or partially completed construction or to
property of the Owner or Other Contractors as provided in Subparagraph 11.2.5.

7.2.5    Claims and other disputes and matters in question between the
Contractor and Other Contractors shall be subject to the provisions of Paragraph
5.5.

7.2.6    The Owner and Other Contractors shall have the same
responsibilities for cutting and patching as are described for the Contractor in
Paragraph 4.12.

7.3      OWNER'S RIGHT TO CLEAN UP. If a dispute arises among the Contractor,
Other Contractors and the Owner as to the responsibility under their respective
contracts for maintaining the premises and surrounding area free from waste
materials and rubbish as described in Paragraph 4.13, the Owner may clean up and
allocate the cost among those responsible as the Program Manager determines to
be appropriate.


<PAGE>   26

ARTICLE 8
CHANGES IN THE WORK

8.1      CHANGES

8.1.1    Changes in the Work may be accomplished after execution of the
Contract, and without invalidating the Contract, by Change Order (as defined
below), Construction Change Directive (as defined below) or order for a minor
change in the Work, subject to the limitations stated in this Article 8 and
elsewhere in the Contract Documents.

8.1.2    A Change Order shall be based upon agreement among the Owner,
Program Manager, Architect and Contractor; a Construction Change Directive
requires agreement by the Owner, Program Manager and Architect and may or may
not be agreed to by the Contractor; and an order for a minor change in the Work
may be issued by the Architect alone.

8.1.3    Changes in the Work shall be performed under applicable
provisions of the Contract Documents, and the Contractor shall proceed promptly
to perform each such change, unless otherwise provided in the Change Order,
Construction Change Directive or order for a minor change in the Work.

8.1.4    If unit prices are stated in the Contract Documents or
subsequently agreed upon, and if quantities originally contemplated are so
changed in a proposed Change Order or Construction Change Directive that
application of such unit prices to quantities of Work proposed will cause
substantial inequity to the Owner or Contractor, the applicable unit prices
shall be equitably adjusted. No subcontracts or purchased orders shall be issued
on a unit cost basis unless Contractor receives prior written authorization from
the Owner.

8.2      CHANGE ORDERS.

8.2.1    A "Change Order" is a written instrument prepared by the
Architect and signed by the Owner, Architect and Contractor, stating their
agreement upon all of the following: (i) a change in the Work; and (ii) the
amount of the adjustment in the Contract Sum or Contract Time, if any.

8.2.2    Methods used in determining adjustments to the Contract Sum
may include those listed in Subparagraph 8.3.3.

8.3      CONSTRUCTION CHANGE DIRECTIVES.

8.3.1    A "Construction Change Directive" is a written order prepared
by the Architect and signed by the Owner and Architect, directing a change in
the Work and stating a proposed basis for adjustment, if any, in the Contract
Sum. The Owner may, by Construction Change Directive, without invalidating the
Contract, order changes in the Work within the general scope of the Contract
consisting of additions, deletions or other revisions, with the Contract Sum or
Contract Time being adjusted accordingly.

8.3.2    A Construction Change Directive shall be used in the absence
of total agreement on the terms of a Change Order.


<PAGE>   27

8.3.3    If the Construction Change Directive provides for an
adjustment to the Contract Sum, the adjustment shall be based on one of the
following methods:

8.3.3.1  mutual acceptance of a lump sum properly itemized and
supported by sufficient substantiating data to permit evaluation;

8.3.3.2  unit prices stated in the Contract Documents or
subsequently agreed upon;

8.3.3.3  cost to be determined in a manner agreed upon by the
parties and a mutually acceptable fixed or percentage fee; or

8.3.3.4  as provided in Subparagraph 8.3.6.

8.3.4    Upon receipt of a Construction Change Directive, the
Contractor shall promptly proceed with the change in the Work involved and
advise the Program Manager and Architect of the Contractor's agreement or
disagreement with the method, if any, provided in the Construction Change
Directive for determining the proposed adjustment in the Contract Sum or
Contract Time.

8.3.5    A Construction Change Directive signed by the Contractor
indicates the agreement of the Contractor therewith, including adjustment in
Contract Sum. Such agreement shall be effective immediately and shall be
recorded as a Change Order.

8.3.6    If the Contractor does not respond promptly or disagrees with
the method for adjustment in the Contract Sum, the method and the adjustment
shall be recommended by the Program Manager on the basis of reasonable
expenditures and savings of those performing the Work attributable to the
change, including, in case of an increase in the Contract Sum or Contract Time,
a reasonable allowance for overhead and profit. In such case, and also under
Clause 8.3.3.3, the Contractor shall keep and present, in such form as the
Program Manager may prescribe, an itemized accounting together with appropriate
supporting data. Costs for the purposes of this Subparagraph 8.3.6 shall be as
listed below but not limited to the following:

8.3.6.1  costs of labor, including social security, old age
and unemployment insurance, fringe benefits required by agreement or custom, and
workers compensation insurance;

8.3.6.2  costs of materials, supplies and equipment, including
cost of transportation, whether incorporated or consumed;

8.3.6.3  rental costs of machinery and equipment, exclusive of
hand tools, whether rented from the Contractor or others;

8.3.6.4  costs of premiums for all bonds (if any) and
insurance, permit fees, and sales, use or similar taxes related to the Work; and

8.3.7    Pending final determination of cost to the Owner, amounts not
in dispute may be included in Applications for Payment. The amount of credit to
be allowed by the Contractor to the Owner for a deletion or change which results
in a net decrease in the Contract Sum shall be actual net cost as confirmed by
the Program Manager. When both additions and credits covering related Work or
substitutions are involved in a change, the allowance for overhead and profit
shall be figured on the basis of net increase, if any, with respect to that
change, but only after the total changes to the


<PAGE>   28

base GMP exceeds 3%, and thereafter the Contractor will be allowed to add 5% to
changes after reaching the 3% threshold, excluding OCIP and Subguard credits.

8.3.8    If the Owner and Contractor do not agree with the adjustment
in Contract Sum or the method for determining it, the adjustment or the method
shall be referred to the Architect for determination.

8.3.9    When the Owner and Contractor agree with the determination
made by the Architect concerning the adjustments in the Contract Sum or Contract
Time otherwise reach agreement upon the adjustments, such agreement shall be
effective immediately issued through the Architect and shall be recorded by
preparation and execution of an appropriate Change Order.

8.4      MINOR CHANGES IN THE WORK. The Architect will have authority to order
minor changes in the Work not involving adjustment in the Contract Sum or the
Contract Time and not inconsistent with the intent of the Contract Documents.
Such changes shall be effected by written order issued to the Owner and
Contractor through the Architect and shall be binding on the Owner and
Contractor unless the Owner objects to such change. The Contractor shall carry
out such written orders promptly.

ARTICLE 9
TIME

9.1      PROGRESS AND COMPLETION.

9.1.1    Time limits stated in the Contract Documents are of the
essence of the Contract. By executing this Agreement the Contractor confirms
that the Contract Time is a reasonable period for performing the Work.

9.1.2    The Contractor shall not knowingly, except by agreement or
instruction of the Owner in writing, prematurely commence operations on the
Project site or elsewhere prior to the effective date of insurance required by
this Agreement to be furnished by the Contractor. The date of commencement of
the Work shall not be changed by the effective date of such insurance, however.
The date of commencement of the work shall be July 26, 1999.

9.1.3    The Contractor warrants that it will achieve Substantial
Completion of the Work on or before (the "Substantial Completion Date") December
1, 2001. the Contractor shall not be allowed any extension of the Substantial
Completion Date except for delays due to (i) natural disasters, (ii) fires or
unavoidable casualties, (iii) national emergencies, (iv) more than thirty (30)
days of severe weather (as verified and agreed to in writing by Owner and
Contractor), (v) Owner caused delays (as verified and agreed to in writing by
Owner and contractor), or (vi) delays in inspections by fire department and/or
building inspectors, assuming all necessary filings have been timely made and
the construction has been completed in accordance with the Plans and
Specifications, which prevent construction activities on the critical path to
achieving the Substantial Completion Date. For each working day in which one of
these events prevents construction activities critical to the Substantial
Completion Date, the Substantial Completion date shall be extended as mutually
agreeable between the Owner and Contractor. Except for Force Majure, as
permitted in this agreement, in Paragraph 9.1.3 (I through vi) , in no event
shall the Contractor be allowed to extend the Substantial Completion date beyond
December 31, 2001.


<PAGE>   29

9.1.4    The Substantial Completion Date may be modified by Owner and
Contractor in the event of a change in the scope of the Work if agreed to in
writing at the time of the change in the scope of the Work.

9.1.5    The Contractor shall achieve Substantial Completion within the
Contract Time.

9.2      DELAYS AND EXTENSIONS OF TIME.

9.2.1    If the Contractor is delayed at any time in progress of the
Work by an act or neglect of the Owner's agents, employees and Contractors,
Program Manager, Architect, any of the Other Contractors or an employee of any
of them, or by changes ordered in the Work, fire, unavoidable casualties or
other causes beyond the Contractor's control, or by delay authorized by the
Owner pending arbitration, or by other causes which the Architect, based on the
recommendation of the Program Manager, determines may justify delay, then the
Contract Time shall be extended by Change Order for such time as the Owner may
reasonably determine.

9.2.2    Claims relating to time shall be made in accordance with
applicable provisions of Paragraph 5.5. This Paragraph 9.2 does not preclude
recovery of damages for delay by either party under other provisions of the
Contract Documents.

ARTICLE 10
PAYMENTS AND COMPLETION

10.1     GMP.  The GMP, including authorized adjustments as provided in this
Agreement, is the total amount payable by the Owner to the Contractor for
performance of the Work under the Contract Documents.

10.2     SCHEDULE OF VALUES. Before the first Application for Payment, the
Contractor shall submit to the Architect, and the Program Manager, a schedule of
values allocated to various portions of the Work (the "Schedule of Values"),
prepared in such form and supported by such data to substantiate its accuracy as
the Program Manager and Architect may require. This schedule, unless objected to
by the Program Manager or Architect, and upon approval by Owner, shall be used
as a basis for reviewing the Contractor's Applications for Payment.

10.2.1   Within thirty (30) days following the Contractor's receipt of
written Notice to Proceed, in any event before the first Progress Payment is
made, the Contractor shall submit to the Program Manager and Architect and
obtain approval of the following data:

10.2.1.1          A payment application format based upon the
Trade Payment Breakdown to include the following information:

(a)      Each line item shall be broken down by
subcontractor, trade and work activity;

(b)      Each line item shall be broken down by area,
floor or building;

(c)      No application line item will be more than
fifteen percent (15%) of the total Contract
or Subcontractor total Contract amount
unless waived by Owner;


<PAGE>   30

(d)      Each line item shall be broken down by
material and labor;

(e)      Subcontractor and vendor payment
applications;

(f)      Certified payrolls (used to determine OCIP
credits);

(g)      Lien releases substantiating the previous
application for payment, including material
vendors and lower tier Subcontractors that
comply with the then-current provisions of
the Florida Statutes;

(h)      Any other evidence of performance of the
Work, the costs of and payment for as the
Owner may consider necessary or desirable in
order to complete the application for
payment.

10.2.1.2          A Cash Flow Schedule that forecasts the
total monthly cash requirements for the duration of the Contract
period.

10.2.1.2(A)       Thereafter, the Contractor shall
resubmit an update of the Cash Flow Schedule on a monthly basis. Approval of
each Payment Request is contingent upon this submittal.

10.3     APPLICATIONS FOR PAYMENT.

10.3.1   At least fifteen days before the date established for each
progress payment, the Contractor shall submit to the Program Manager and
Architect an itemized "Application for Payment" completed in accordance with the
Schedule of Values. Such application shall be notarized and supported by such
data substantiating the Contractor's right to payment as the Owner, Program
Manager or Architect may require, such as copies of requisitions from
Subcontractors and material suppliers and reflecting retainage.

10.3.1.1          Such applications shall include requests for
payment on account of changes in the Work which have been properly authorized by
Construction Change Directives but not yet included in Change Orders.

10.3.1.2          Such applications shall not include requests
for payment of amounts the Contractor does not intend to pay to a Subcontractor
or material supplier because of a dispute or other reason.

10.3.2   Unless otherwise provided in the Contract Documents, payments
shall be made on account of materials and equipment delivered and suitably
stored at the Project site for subsequent incorporation in the Work. If approved
in advance by the Owner, payment may similarly be made for materials and
equipment suitably stored off the Project site at a location agreed upon in
writing. Payment for materials and equipment stored on or off the Project site
shall be conditioned upon compliance by the Contractor with procedures
satisfactory to the Owner to establish the Owner's title to such materials and
equipment or otherwise protect the Owner's interest, as itemized below.

(a)      The Owner approves the purchase of the
material prior to purchase by the
Contractor.


<PAGE>   31

(b)      An applicable purchase order is provided
listing the materials in detail and
identifying this specific contract; by name.

(c)      Evidence that proper storage security is
provided.

(d)      The Owner is furnished legal title (free of
liens or encumbrances of any kind) to the
material that is stored or stockpiled.

(e)      Any off-site stored material shall be
secured in a bonded warehouse.

(f)      Once any Stored Material is paid for by
Owner, it shall not be removed from the
designated storage area except for
incorporation into the work or upon
subsequent approval of the Owner.

(g)      No disbursements or applications for
disbursements stored at locations other than
the Project, unless otherwise approved in
writing by the Owner.

10.3.3   The Contractor warrants that title to all Work covered by an
Application for Payment will pass to the Owner no later than the time of
payment. The Contractor further warrants that upon submittal of an Application
for Payment all Work for which Certificates for Payment have been previously
issued and payments received from the Owner shall be free and clear of liens,
claims, security interests or encumbrances in favor of the Contractor,
Subcontractors, materialmen, or other persons or entities making a claim by
reason of having provided labor, materials and equipment relating to the Work or
otherwise make a claim by or through Contractor.

10.4     CERTIFICATES FOR PAYMENT.

10.4.1   The Contractor will assemble a Project Application for Payment
by combining the applications for progress payments from Sub Contractors
suppliers and vendors and, after certifying the amounts due on such
applications, forward them to the Program Manager and Architect no later than
the first day of each month.

10.4.2   Within seven days after the Program Manager and Architect's
receipt of the Project Application for Payment, the Architect will either issue
to the Owner a certificate, with a copy to the Contractor, for such amount as
the Architect determines is properly due (each, a "Certificate for Payment"), or
notify the Contractor and Owner in writing of the Architect's reasons for
withholding certification in whole or in part as provided in Subparagraph
10.5.1. Such notification will be forwarded to the Contractor by the Program
Manager.

10.4.3   The issuance of a separate Certificate for Payment or a
Project Certificate for Payment will constitute representations made separately
by the Architect to the Owner, based on their individual observations at the
Project site and the data comprising the Application for Payment submitted by
the Contractor, that the Work has progressed to the point indicated and that, to
the best of the Program Manager's and Architect's knowledge, information and
belief, the quality of the Work is in accordance with the Contract Documents.
The issuance of a separate Certificate for Payment or a Project Certificate for
Payment will further constitute a representation that the Contractor is entitled
to payment in the amount certified. However, the issuance of a separate
Certificate for Payment


<PAGE>   32

or a Project Certificate for Payment will not be a representation that the
Program Manager or Architect has (1) made exhaustive or continuous on-site
inspections to check the quality or quantity of the Work, (2) reviewed the
Contractor's construction means, methods, techniques, sequences or procedures,
(3) reviewed copies of requisitions received from Subcontractors and material
suppliers and other data requested by the Owner to substantiate the Contractor's
right to payment or (4) made examination to ascertain how or for what purpose
the Contractor has used money previously paid on account of the Contract Sum.

10.4.4   No approval of an Application for Payment, progress payment or
any partial or entire use or occupancy of the Project by the Owner will
constitute an acceptance of any Work which is not in accordance with the
Contract Documents; and regardless of approval of an Application for Payment by
the Owner, Contractor will remain totally obligated and liable for the
performance of the Work in strict compliance with the Contract Documents.


10.5     DECISIONS TO WITHHOLD CERTIFICATION.

10.5.1   The Architect may decide not to certify payment and may
withhold a Certificate for Payment in whole or in part, to the extent reasonably
necessary to protect the Owner, if in the Program Manager's or Architect's
opinion the representations to the Owner required by Subparagraph 10.4.3 cannot
be made. If the Program Manager or Architect is unable to certify payment in the
amount of the Application, the Program Manager or Architect will notify the
Contractor and Owner as provided in Subparagraph 10.4.2. If the Contractor,
Program Manager and Architect cannot agree on a revised amount, the Program
Manager and Architect will promptly issue a Certificate for Payment for the
amount for which the Program Manager and Architect are able to make such
representations to the Owner. The Program Manager or Architect may also decide
not to certify payment or, because of subsequently discovered evidence or
subsequent observations, may nullify the whole or a part of a Certificate for
Payment previously issued, to such extent as may be necessary in the Program
Manager's or Architect's opinion to protect the Owner from loss because of:

10.5.1.1          defective Work not remedied;

10.5.1.2          third party claims filed or reasonable
evidence indicating probable filing of such claims;

10.5.1.3          failure of the Contractor to make payments
properly to Subcontractors of any tier or for labor, materials or equipment;

10.5.1.4          reasonable evidence that the Work cannot be
completed for the unpaid balance of the Contract Sum;

10.5.1.5          damage to the Owner, surrounding property or
Other Contractors;

10.5.1.6          reasonable evidence that the Work will not
be completed within the Contract Time, and that the unpaid balance would not be
adequate to cover actual or liquidated damages for the anticipated delay; or

10.5.1.7          persistent failure to carry out the Work in
accordance with the Contract Documents.


<PAGE>   33

10.5.1.8          Unsatisfactory prosecution of the Work by
Contractor;

10.5.1.9          failure of Contractor to maintain the Job
Site in a clean condition;

10.5.1.10         failure of Contractor to submit an updated
Schedule with each application for payment.

10.5.1.11         Failure of Contractor to remove liens from
the property.

10.5.2   When the applicable reason(s) for withholding certification
have been resolved, certification will be made for amounts previously withheld.

10.6     PROGRESS PAYMENTS.

10.6.1   After the Architect or Program Manager have issued a Project
Certificate for Payment, the Owner shall make payment in the manner and within
the time provided in Article 2, and shall so notify the Program Manager and
Architect.

10.6.2   Upon receipt of payment from the Owner, the Contractor shall
promptly pay each Subcontractor, out of the amount paid to the Contractor on
account of such Subcontractor's portion of the Work, the amount to which said
Subcontractor is entitled, reflecting percentages actually retained from
payments to the Contractor on account of such Subcontractor's portion of the
Work. The Contractor shall, by appropriate agreement with each Subcontractor,
require each Subcontractor to make payments to Sub-Subcontractors in similar
manner.

10.6.3   The Contractor will, on request, of the Program Manager,
furnish to a Subcontractor, information regarding percentages of completion or
amounts applied for by the Contractor and action taken thereon by the Owner,
Program Manager and Architect on account of portions of the Work done by such
Subcontractor.

10.6.4   Neither the Owner, Program Manager nor Architect shall have an
obligation to pay or to see to the payment of money to a Subcontractor except as
may otherwise be required by law.

10.6.5   Payment to material suppliers shall be treated in a manner
similar to that provided in Subparagraphs 10.6.2, 10.6.3 and 10.6.4.

10.7     FAILURE OF PAYMENT. If, through no fault of the Contractor, (i) the
Architect does not within fourteen days after the receipt of the Contractor's
Application for Payment either (A) issue a Certificate of Payment, or (B) notify
the Contractor of a decision to withhold certification or (ii) the Owner does
not pay the Contractor within seven (7) days after the date established in
Article 2 the amount certified by the Architect or awarded by arbitration, then
the Contractor may, upon seven (7) additional days' written notice to the Owner,
Program Manager and Architect, file an arbitration demand for the payment in
dispute.

10.8     SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION.

10.8.1   Substantial Completion is the stage in the progress of the
Work when the Work or designated portion thereof is sufficiently complete in
accordance with the Contract Documents so the


<PAGE>   34

Owner can occupy or utilize the Work for its intended use, and that the
permitting governmental agency shall issue a certificate of occupancy for the
building as a whole, including landscaping.

10.8.2   When the Contractor considers that the Work, or a portion
thereof which the Owner agrees to accept separately, is substantially complete,
the Contractor, Program Manager shall jointly prepare and submit to the
Architect a comprehensive list of items to be completed or corrected. The
Contractor shall proceed promptly to complete and correct items on the list.
Failure to include an item on such list does not alter the responsibility of the
Contractor to complete all Work in accordance with the Contract Documents. Upon
receipt of the list, the Architect, assisted by the Program Manager, will make
an inspection to determine whether the Work or designated portion thereof is
substantially complete. If the Architect's inspection discloses any item,
whether or not included on the list, which is not in accordance with the
requirements of the Contract Documents, the Contractor shall, before issuance of
the Certificate of Substantial Completion, complete or correct such item upon
notification by the Architect. The Contractor shall then submit a request for
another inspection by the Architect, assisted by the Program Manager, to
determine Substantial Completion. When the Work or designated portion thereof is
substantially complete, the Architect will prepare a Certificate of Substantial
Completion which shall establish the date of Substantial Completion, shall
establish responsibilities of the Owner and Contractor for security,
maintenance, heat, utilities, damage to the Work and insurance, and shall fix
the time within which the Contractor shall finish all items on the list
accompanying the Certificate. Warranties required by the Contract Documents
shall commence on the date of Substantial Completion of the Work or designated
portion thereof unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Substantial
Completion. The Certificate of Substantial Completion shall be submitted to the
Owner and Contractor for their written acceptance of responsibilities assigned
to them in such Certificate.

10.8.3   The issuance of the Certificate of Substantial Completion will
not constitute a waiver of any rights of the Owner, including without limitation
the right to those retainages permitted by the contract Documents. If Contractor
does not complete and/or correct the "punch-list" items listed in the
Certificate of Substantial Completion within the time agreed to by the Owner and
Contractor (not to exceed 30 days), the Owner will have the right to complete
the punch-list and offset all costs against any amounts then or thereafter due
to Contractor. If the amounts then or thereafter due to Contractor are not
sufficient to cover these costs, Contractor will pay the difference to the
Owner. The Owner's decision as to the Date of Substantial Completion will be
final and binding.

10.8.4   Before requesting inspection for Certification of Substantial
Completion, Contractor shall complete the following.

10.8.4.1          Advise the Owner of pending insurance
changeover requirements.

10.8.4.2          Submit specific warranties, workmanship
bonds, maintenance agreements, final certifications and similar documents.

10.8.4.3          Obtain and submit releases enabling the
Owner unrestricted use of the Work, and access to services and utilities;
including occupancy permits, operating certificates and similar releases.

10.8.4.4          Submit record drawings, maintenance manuals,
final Project photographs, damage or settlement survey, property survey, and
similar final record information.


<PAGE>   35

10.8.4.5          Deliver tools, spare parts, extra stock or
similar items.

10.8.4.6          Make final changeover of permanent locks and
transmit keys to the Owner. Advise the Owner's personnel of changeover and
security provisions.

10.8.4.7          Complete startup testing of systems, and
instruction of the Owner's operating and maintenance personnel. Discontinue
changeover and remove temporary facilities from the site along with construction
tools, mockups and similar elements.

10.8.4.8          Complete final cleanup requirements,
including touchup painting, and otherwise repair and restore marred, exposed
finishes.

10.9     PARTIAL OCCUPANCY OR USE.

10.9.1   The Owner may occupy or use any completed or partially
completed portion of the Work at any stage when such portion is designated by
separate agreement with the Contractor, provided such occupancy or use is
consented to by the insurer as required under Subparagraph 12.2.10 and
authorized by public authorities having jurisdiction over the Work. Such partial
occupancy or use may commence whether or not the portion is substantially
complete, provided the Owner and Contractor have accepted in writing the
responsibilities assigned to each of them for payments, retainage if any,
security, maintenance, heat, utilities, damage to the Work and insurance, and
have agreed in writing concerning the period for correction of the Work and
commencement of warranties required by the Contract Documents. When the
Contractor considers a portion substantially complete, the Contractor and
Program Manager and Architect shall jointly prepare and submit a list to the
Architect as provided under Subparagraph 10.8.2. Consent of the Contractor to
partial occupancy or use shall not be unreasonably withheld. The progress of the
Work shall be determined by written agreement between the Owner and Contractor
or, if no agreement is reached, by decision of the Architect after consultation
with the Program Manager.

10.9.2   Immediately prior to such partial occupancy or use, the Owner,
Program Manager, Contractor and Architect shall jointly inspect the area to be
occupied or portion of the Work to be used in order to determine and record the
condition of the Work.

10.9.3   Partial occupancy will not constitute acceptance by the Owner
of the completed Work or any portion of the Work, will not relieve Contractor of
its full responsibility for correcting defective Work and repairing the Work,
will not be considered to be the equivalent of completion of the Work, and will
not entitle Contractor to any increase in the Contract Sum.

10.10    FINAL COMPLETION AND FINAL PAYMENT.

10.10.1  Upon completion of the Work, the Contractor shall forward to
the Program Manager a written notice that the Work is ready for final inspection
and acceptance and shall also forward to the Program Manager and Architect a
final Application for Payment. Upon receipt, the Program Manager will review and
make recommendations to the Architect forward the notice and Application for
Payment to the Architect who will promptly make such inspection. When the
Architect, based on the recommendation of the Program Manager, finds the Work
acceptable under the Contract Documents and the Contract fully performed, the
Program Manager and Architect will promptly issue a final Certificate for
Payment stating that to the best of their knowledge, information and belief, and
on the basis of their observations and inspections, the Work has been completed
in


<PAGE>   36

accordance with terms and conditions of the Contract Documents and that the
entire balance found to be due the Contractor and noted in said final
Certificate is due and payable. The Architect's final Certificate for Payment
will constitute a further representation that conditions listed in Subparagraph
10.10.2 as precedent to the Contractor's being entitled to final payment have
been fulfilled.

10.10.2  Neither final payment nor any remaining retainage shall become
due until the Contractor submits to the Architect through the Program Manager
(i) an affidavit that payrolls, bills for materials and equipment, and other
indebtedness connected with the Work for which the Owner or the Owner's property
might be responsible or encumbered (less amounts withheld by Owner) have been
paid or otherwise satisfied, (ii) a certificate evidencing that insurance
required by the Contract Documents to remain in force after final payment is
currently in effect and will not be canceled or allowed to expire until at least
30 days' prior written notice has been given to the Owner, (iii) a written
statement that the Contractor knows of no substantial reason that the insurance
will not be renewable to cover the period required by the Contract Documents,
(iv) consent of surety, if any, to final payment and (v), if required by the
Owner, other data establishing payment or satisfaction of obligations, such as
receipts, releases and waivers of liens, claims, security interests or
encumbrances arising out of the Contract, to the extent and in such form as may
be designated by the Owner. If a Subcontractor refuses to furnish a release or
waiver required by the Owner, the Contractor may furnish a bond satisfactory to
the Owner to indemnify the Owner against such lien. If such lien remains
unsatisfied after payments are made, the Contractor shall refund to the Owner
all money that the Owner may be compelled to pay in discharging such lien,
including all costs and reasonable attorneys' fees.

10.10.3  If, after Substantial Completion of the Work, final completion
thereof is materially delayed through no fault of the Contractor or by issuance
of Change Orders affecting final completion, and the Program Manager and
Architect so confirm, the Owner shall, upon application by the Contractor and
certification by the Architect, and without terminating the Contract, make
payment of the balance due for that portion of the Work fully completed and
accepted. If the remaining balance for Work not fully completed or corrected is
less than retainage stipulated in the Contract Documents, and if bonds have been
furnished, the written consent of surety to payment of the balance due for that
portion of the Work fully completed and accepted shall be submitted by the
Contractor to the Architect through the Program Manager prior to certification
of such payment. Such payment shall be made under terms and conditions governing
final payment, except that it shall not constitute a waiver of Claims. The
making of final payment shall constitute a waiver of Claims by the Owner as
provided in Subparagraph 5.4.5.

10.10.4  Acceptance of final payment by the Contractor, a Subcontractor
or material supplier shall constitute a waiver of claims by that payee except
those previously made in writing and identified by that payee as unsettled at
the time of final Application for Payment.

10.10.5  Construction Liens.

10.10.5.1         Contractor will indemnify and hold the Owner
harmless from all claims, demands, causes of action or suits of whatever nature
arising out of any construction liens, equitable lien or other liens or claims,
pursuant to Florida Lien Laws, against the real property improved as part of the
Work under the Agreement whether filed or maintained by any Subcontractor of any
tier, materialman or any party other than Contractor providing materials or
services under the Agreement.


<PAGE>   37

10.10.5.2         Within seven (7) days after demand by the
Owner, Contractor will furnish a release or waiver of lien acceptable to the
Owner, from itself, and of any other person furnishing services, labor or
materials in connection with the Work or receipts covering all service, labor
and materials for which a lien might be filed. But, if any Subcontractor,
laborer, materialman, or other person refused to furnish a release, waiver or
receipt in full, Contractor may furnish at its expense a bond satisfactory to
the Owner to indemnify the Owner against any claim or lien, filed pursuant to
the Florida Lien Laws.

10.10.6  Audit/Records Retention. The Owner will have the right to
audit all of Contractor's books and records pertaining to the Work (including
but not limited to payments to Subcontractors of any tier and changes in the
Work) at any time and from time to time during regular business hours, upon
reasonable prior notice to Contractor. Contractor will keep, retain and preserve
all such books and records in reasonable order, in accordance with all
applicable Federal, State and local agencies rules, regulations and guidelines,
or for a minimum of five (5) years from the date of the final payment.

10.10.7  Contractor's records which shall include but not be limited to
accounting records (hard copy, as well as computer readable data if it can be
made available), written policies and procedures; subcontract files (including
proposals of successful and unsuccessful bidders, bid recaps, etc.); original
estimates; estimating work sheets; correspondence; change order files (including
documentation covering negotiated settlements); backcharge logs and supporting
documentation; general ledger entries detailing cash and trade discounts earned,
insurance rebates and dividends; and any other supporting evidence deemed
necessary by the Owner to substantiate charges related to this Contract (all of
the foregoing hereinafter referred to as "records") shall be open to inspection
and subject to audit and/or reproduction by Owner or Owner's agent or its
authorized representative to the extent necessary to adequately permit
evaluation and verification of (a) Contractor compliance with Contract
requirements, (b) compliance with Owner's business ethics change orders,
payments or claims submitted by the Contractor or any of its payees. Such audits
may require inspection and copying from time to time and at reasonable times and
places and character including without limitation, records, books, papers,
documents, subscriptions, recordings, agreements, purchase orders, leases,
contracts, commitments, arrangements, notes, daily diaries, superintendent
reports, drawings, receipts, vouchers and memoranda, and any and all other
agreements, sources of information and matters that may in Owner's judgment have
any bearing on or pertain to any matters, rights duties or obligations under or
covered by any contract Document. Such records subject to audit shall also
include but not be limited to, those records necessary to evaluate and verify
direct and indirect costs, (including overhead allocations) as they may apply to
costs associated with this Contract. The Owner or its designee shall be afforded
access to all of the Contractor's records, and shall be allowed to interview any
of the Contractor's records, and shall be allowed to interview any of the
Contractor's employees, pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph thoughout
the term of this contract and for a period of three years after final payment or
longer if required by law. Contractor shall require all subcontractors,
insurance agents, and material suppliers (payees) to comply with the provisions
of this paragraph by insertion of the requirements hereof in a written contract
between Contractor and such payee.

ARTICLE 11
PROTECTION OF PERSONS AND PROPERTY

11.1     SAFETY PRECAUTIONS AND PROGRAMS.


<PAGE>   38

11.1.1   The Contractor shall be responsible for initiating,
maintaining and supervising all safety precautions and programs in connection
with the performance of the Contract. The Contractor shall submit the
Contractor's safety program to the Program Manager and OCIP representative for
review and coordination with the safety programs of Other Contractors.

11.1.2   If the Contractor encounters on the Project site material
reasonably believed to be asbestos or polychlorinated biphenyl's ("PCB's"), the
Contractor shall immediately stop Work in the area affected and report the
condition to the Owner, Program Manager and Architect in writing. The Work in
the affected area shall not thereafter be resumed except by written agreement of
the Owner and Contractor if in fact the material is asbestos or PCB's and has
not been rendered harmless. The Work in the affected area shall be resumed in
the absence of asbestos or PCB's, or when it has been rendered harmless, by
written agreement of the Owner and Contractor, or in accordance with final
determination by the Architect on which arbitration has not been demanded, or by
arbitration under Article 5.

11.1.3   The Contractor shall not be required pursuant to Article 8 to
perform without consent any Work relating to asbestos or PCB's.

11.1.4   To the fullest extent permitted by law the Owner shall
indemnify and hold harmless the Contractor, Program Manager, Architect, their
consultants, and agents and employees of any of them from and against claims,
damages, losses and expenses, including but not limited to attorneys' fees,
arising out of or resulting from performance of the Work in the affected area if
in fact the material is asbestos or PCB's and has not been rendered harmless,
provided that such claim, damage, loss or expense is attributable to bodily
injury, sickness, disease or death, or to injury to or destruction of tangible
property (other than the Work itself including loss of use resulting therefrom,
but only to the extent caused in whole or in part by negligent acts or omissions
of the Owner, anyone directly or indirectly employed by the Owner or anyone for
whose acts the Owner may be liable, regardless of whether or not such claim,
damage, loss or expense is caused in part by a party indemnified hereunder. Such
obligation shall not be construed to negate, abridge or reduce other rights or
obligations of indemnity, which would otherwise exist as to a party or person
described in this Subparagraph 11.1.4.

11.1.5   If reasonable precautions will be inadequate to prevent
foreseeable bodily injury or death to persons resulting from a material or
substance encountered on the Project site by the Contractor, the Contractor
shall, upon recognizing the condition, immediately stop Work in the affected
area and report the condition to the Owner, Program Manager and Architect in
writing. The Owner, Contractor, Program Manager and Architect shall then proceed
in the same manner described in Subparagraph 11.1.2.

11.1.6   The Owner shall be responsible for obtaining the services of a
licensed laboratory to verify a presence or absence of the material or substance
reported by the Contractor and, in the event such material or substance is found
to be present, to verify that it has been rendered harmless.

11.2     SAFETY OF PERSONS AND PROPERTY.

11.2.1   The Contractor shall take precautions for safety of, and shall
provide protection in accordance with Federal, State and Local safety
regulations to prevent damage, injury or loss to:


<PAGE>   39

11.2.1.1          employees engaging in the Work and other
persons who may be affected thereby;

11.2.1.2          the Work and materials and equipment to be
incorporated therein, whether in storage on or off the Project site, under care,
custody or control of the Contractor or the Contractor's Subcontractors or
Sub-subcontractors;

11.2.1.3          other property at the Project site or
adjacent thereto, such as trees, shrubs, lawns, walks, pavements, roadways,
structures and utilities not designated for removal, relocation or replacement
in the course of construction; and

11.2.2   The Contractor shall give notices and comply with applicable
laws, ordinances, rules, regulations and lawful orders of public authorities
bearing on safety of persons or property or their protection from damage, injury
or loss.

11.2.3   The Contractor shall erect and maintain, as required by
existing conditions and performance of the Contract, reasonable safeguards for
safety and protection, including posting danger signs and other warnings against
hazards, promulgating safety regulations and notifying owners and users of
adjacent sites and utilities.

11.2.4   When use or storage of explosives or other hazardous materials
or equipment or unusual methods are necessary for execution of the Work, the
Contractor shall exercise utmost care and carry on such activities under
supervision of properly qualified personnel.

11.2.5   The Contractor shall promptly remedy damage and loss (other
than damage or loss insured under property insurance required by the Contract
Documents) to property referred to in Clauses 11.2.1.2, 11.2.1.3 and 11.2.1.4 to
the extent caused in whole or in part by the Contractor, a Subcontractor, a
Sub-subcontractor, or anyone directly or indirectly employed by any of them, or
by anyone for whose acts they may be liable and for which the Contractor is
responsible under Clauses 11.2.1.2, 11.2.1.3 and 11.2.1.4, except damage or loss
attributable to acts or omissions of the Owner, Program Manager or Architect or
anyone directly or indirectly employed by any of them, or by anyone for whose
acts any of them may be liable, and not attributable to the fault or negligence
of the Contractor. The foregoing obligations of the Contractor are in addition
to the Contractor's obligations under Paragraph 4.16.

11.2.6   The Contractor shall designate a responsible member of the
Contractor's organization at the Project site whose sole duty shall be the
prevention of accidents, safety inspections and safety reporting. This person
shall not be the Contractor's superintendent and shall be a full time designated
and trained Safety Officer. The Contractor Safety representative shall
coordinate with and work closely with the Owner's OCIP on site representative to
insure compliance with the safety program and OCIP requirements.

11.2.7   The Contractor shall not load or permit any part of the
construction or site to be loaded so as to endanger its safety.

11.2.8   "Florida Trench Safety Act" Contractor intends to utilize
construction methods that will involve trench excavation in excess of five (5)
feet which, therefore, is subject to the "Florida


<PAGE>   40

Trench Safety Act." Contractor warrants that it is familiar with the
requirements of the Act and Occupational Safety and Health Administration safety
standards, 29 CFR 1926.650, Subpart P, as they apply to the Work to be performed
under the contract and that the methods Contractor will employ to accomplish the
Work will comply with those requirements. The Contractor hereby warrants that
$_________ are included in the GMP to meet the requirements of the "Florida
Trench Safety Act."

11.3     EMERGENCIES. In an emergency affecting safety of persons or property,
the Contractor shall act, at the Contractor's discretion, to prevent threatened
damage, injury or loss. Additional compensation or extension of time claimed by
the Contractor on account of an emergency shall be determined as provided in
Paragraph 5.5 and Article 8.

ARTICLE 12
INSURANCE AND BONDS

OWNER CONTROLLED INSURANCE PROGRAM (ARTICLE 12)

Gaylord Entertainment Company, the parent of Opryland Hotel - Florida
L.P., has elected to implement an Owner Controlled Insurance Program
(OCIP) that will provide Workers' Compensation, Employer's Liability,
General Liability, and Excess Liability for all enrolled contractors of
every tier providing direct labor on the Project. The Owner agrees to
pay all premiums associated with the OCIP including deductibles or
self-insured retention unless otherwise stated in the Contract
Documents.

Eligible contractors include all contractors providing direct labor on
the Project site (see definition of ineligible contractors below).
Temporary labor services and leasing companies are to be treated as a
contractor.

12.1     APPLICABILITY OF THE OCIP

The following types of contractors (hereinafter called ineligible
contractors) shall not be eligible for coverage in the OCIP:
Consultants, suppliers, vendors, materials dealers, guard services,
janitorial services, truckers (including trucking to the Project where
delivery is the only scope work performed), and other contractors as
determined by the Owner. Ineligible contractors shall be required to
maintain their own insurance of the types and with the limits as set
forth in the Article 12, at their own expense, and shall promptly
furnish the Owner, or its designated representative, certificates of
insurance giving evidence that all required insurance is in force.

12.2     IDENTIFICATION OF GENERAL CONTRACTOR AND SUBCONTRACTOR INSURANCE COSTS

General Contractor shall identify all costs associated with the cost of
insurance for all work, including but not limited to insurance
premiums, expected losses within any retention or deductible program,
overhead and profit, using Form 2 (Insurance Cost Identification
Worksheet). By completing and submitting this insurance cost
information, including supporting documents to the Insurance
Administrator, contractor warrants that all cost for insurance as
described in this paragraph have been correctly identified. Coverage
and limit requirements are:

(1)      WORKERS' COMPENSATION AND EMPLOYER'S LIABILITY INSURANCE:

STATUTORY BENEFITS as provided by state statute; and
EMPLOYER'S LIABILITY LIMITS:


<PAGE>   41

(a)   $1,000,000 Bodily Injury each Accident
(b)   $1,000,000 Bodily Injury by Disease - Policy Limit
(c)   $1,000,000 Bodily Injury by Disease - Each Employee

(2)      COMMERCIAL OR GENERAL LIABILITY INSURANCE:

(a)   $2,000,000 Bodily Injury & Property Damage for
Each Occurrence
(b)   $2,000,000 Products/Completed Operations Aggregate
(c)   $4,000,000 General Aggregate
(d)   $1,000,000 Personal & Advertising Injury
(e)      $50,000 Fire Damage
(f)       $5,000 Medical Expense

Coverages should include but not limited to the following supplementary
coverages:

(i)      Contractual Liability to cover liability assumed
under this agreement,
(ii)     Product and Completed Operations Liability Insurance,
(iii)    Broad Form Property Damage Liability Insurance,
(iv)     Explosion, collapse and underground hazards (deletion
of the X,C,U exclusions) if such exposure exist, and
(v)      Independent Contractors.
(vi)     Such policy shall include all of the coverages which
may be included in coverages A, B and C contained in
the Commercial General Liability Policy, without
deletion. Such policy must be issued upon an
"occurrence" basis, as distinguished from a "claims
made" basis.

(3)      EXCESS (UMBRELLA) INSURANCE:

(a)      Limits of Liability:

i.       $10,000,000 Per Occurrence
ii.      $10,000,000 General Aggregate

(b)      Coverages and Terms:

i.       Occurrence Policies
ii.      Excess of General Liability
iii.     Excess of Employer's Liability
iv.      Excess of Completed Operations

12.3     SUBCONTRACTOR INSURANCE LIMITS

General Contractor agrees to require its subcontractors to identify all
costs associated with the cost of insurance for all subcontracted work,
including but not limited to insurance premiums, expected losses within
any retention or deductible program, overhead and profit, using the
Owner Form 2 (Insurance Cost Identification Worksheet). By completing
and submitting this insurance cost information, including supporting
documents to the Owner, General Contractor and its subcontractor(s)
agrees that the all cost for subcontractor insurance as described in
this paragraph have been correctly identified. For the purpose of


<PAGE>   42

calculating subcontractor insurance deductions, the contractor shall
cause the subcontractor to base its deduction on the following limits:

Workers' Compensation: Statutory Limits
Employer's Liability:
(a)   $500,000 Bodily Injury each Accident
(b)   $500,000 Bodily Injury by Disease - Policy Limit
(c)   $500,000 Bodily Injury by Disease - Each Employee

Commercial General Liability Insurance:
(d)    $1,000,000 Bodily Injury & Property Damage for
Each Occurrence
(e)    $1,000,000 Products/Completed Operations Aggregate
(f)    $1,000,000 General Aggregate
(g)    $1,000,000 Personal & Advertising Injury

It is understood and agreed, insurance cost identified on Form 2, is an
initial estimate only. The final insurance cost will be subject to
review and audit of actual insurance policy(ies) rate information,
actual payrolls and revenues for the initial award plus any additive
amendments. The Owner contract award will be based on the total
estimated cost of work including insurance costs. An initial deductive
change order will be processed to transfer the insurance cost into the
Project insurance program. During the term of contractor's contract,
including extended periods thereof, the Owner shall have the right to
recover all costs for insurance as described in paragraph 12.2 that are
in addition to those initially identified by contractor in the initial
deductive change order. The Owner shall have the right to recover these
additional costs through deductive change orders.

Contractors of every tier shall complete and submit Form 2 to the
Insurance Administrator, and shall also provide a copy of the
declaration page(s) and premium rate page(s) for each policy to the
Insurance Administrator. Contractor shall provide all necessary
information for the Owner to determine the accuracy of each
contractor's cost of insurance as identified on Form 2.

12.4     CHANGE ORDER PRICING

Contractor shall price, and shall require that all enrolled contractors
price change order pricing equal to or greater than ten thousand
dollars ($10,000) to include the cost to provide insurance as specified
in Paragraph 12.3, and shall identify the amount of insurance contained
in the change order proposal using Form 3. Contractor's price shall be
adjusted by removing the cost of insurance as identified on Form 3. the
Owner shall have the right to recover these additional costs through
deductive change orders

12.5     CONTRACTOR'S RESPONSIBILITY FOR ITS SUBCONTRACTORS.

The awarding contractor shall require each of its subcontractors to
identify the cost for the coverage associated with the work performed
for or on behalf of the awarding contractor as outlined in this
agreement using the methods and documents described herein.

The awarding contractor shall include all of the provisions of this
agreement in every subcontract so that such provisions will be binding
upon each of its subcontractors.

12.6     AUDIT AND RECOVERY OF "INSURANCE COST"


<PAGE>   43

For insurance purposes, the Contractors of every tier agree, and shall
require all tiers of subcontractors to agree, to keep and maintain
accurate and certified record of its payroll for operation at the
Project site. Contractor further agrees, and will require all tiers of
subcontractors to agree, to furnish to the Insurance Administrator,
full and accurate payroll data and information in accordance with the
requirements of the OCIP Project Insurance Manual, incorporated herein
by this reference. All contractors shall permit the Owner or its
representative to examine and/or audit its books and records.
Contractor shall also provide any additional information to the Owner
or its appointed representatives as may be required. During the term of
the contractor's contract including extended periods thereof, the Owner
shall have the right to adjust the contract price to reflect the cost
of the Contractor's insurance costs had the Owner not implemented an
OCIP.

12.7     OWNER -PROVIDED COVERAGES

The Owner, at its sole expense, has implemented an Owner Controlled
Insurance Program (OCIP) to furnish certain insurance coverages with
respects to on-site activities. The OCIP will be for the benefit of the
Owner and enrolled contractors of all tiers (unless specifically
excluded) who have on-site employees. Such coverage applies only to
work performed under this contract at the Project Site. Enrolled
contractors must provide their own insurance for off-site activities.

The OCIP policies are available for review by the contractor upon
request to the Owner. The terms of such policies or programs, as such
policies or programs may be from time to time amended, are incorporated
herein by reference. The contractor hereby agrees to be bound by the
terms of coverage as contained in such insurance policies and/or
self-insurance programs.

Through a combination of insured and self-insured insurance programs
the Owner, at its sole expense, will provide and maintain in force the
types of insurance listed in subparagraphs (1) through (4) below as a
part of the OCIP for all approved contractors. Contractors enrolled in
the OCIP agree that the insurance company policy limits of liability,
coverage terms and conditions shall determine the scope of coverage
provided by the OCIP. Contractors agree that the purpose of this
section is to provide a general understanding of the coverage provided
by the OCIP.

(1)      WORKERS' COMPENSATION AND EMPLOYER'S LIABILITY INSURANCE will
be provided in accordance with applicable State laws. Limits
of Liability and coverages will be as follows:

(a)      Workers' Compensation - Applicable State Statutory
Benefits
(b)      Employer's Liability

(i)      $1,000,000 Bodily Injury each Accident
(ii)     $1,000,000 Bodily Injury by Disease -
Policy Limit
(iii)    $1,000,000 Bodily Injury by Disease -
Each Employee

(2)      COMMERCIAL GENERAL LIABILITY INSURANCE will be provided on an
"occurrence" form under a master liability policy with the
following Limits of Liability, Coverages, and Terms:

(a)      Limit of Liability:

$2,000,000 Per any occurrence
$4,000,000 General Aggregate
$6,000,000 Completed Operations Aggregate


<PAGE>   44

(b)      Coverage and Terms:

i.       Occurrence Basis;
ii.      Products;
iii.     Contractual Liability specifically designating the
indemnity provision of this agreement as an
insured contract;
iv.      Completed Operations (Five Year Term);
v.       Independent Contractor's Liability;
vi.      Personal Injury;
vii.     Explosion, Collapse, and Underground (X, C, U)
exclusion deleted; and
viii.    Designated Premises Only.

(3)      EXCESS LIABILITY INSURANCE will be provided under a master
liability policy with Limits of Liability, Coverages, and
Terms as follows:

(a)      Limits of Liability:

i.    $25,000,000   Any one occurrence and general
aggregate annually; and
ii.   $25,000,000   Annual Aggregate Products and
completed Operations.

(b)      Coverages and Terms:

i.    Excess of General Liability
ii.   Excess of Employer's Liability
iii.  Completed Operations (Five Year Term)

12.8     OCIP CERTIFICATES AND POLICIES

The Owner provided insurance coverage outlined above shall be either
written by insurance companies or shall be self-insured. The Owner,
through the Insurance Administrator, shall provide all contractor(s)
with appropriate certificates of insurance or self-insurance evidencing
the coverage outlined above.

12.9     TERMINATION/MODIFICATION OF THE OCIP

The Owner reserves the right to terminate or to modify the OCIP or any
portion thereof. To exercise this right, the Owner shall provide thirty
(30) days advance written notice of termination or material
modification to all contractor(s) covered by the OCIP. The contractor
shall promptly obtain appropriate replacement insurance coverage
acceptable to the Owner. The reasonable cost of such replacement
insurance will be reimbursed by the Owner. Written evidence of such
insurance shall be provided to the Owner prior to the effective date of
the termination or modification of the OCIP.

12.10    CONTRACTOR RESPONSIBILITIES

The contractor is required to cooperate with the Owner and the
Insurance Administrator, with regards to the administration and
operation of the OCIP. The contractor's responsibilities shall include,
but not be limited to:

(1)      Compliance with the Contractor Insurance Manual outlining the
administrative procedures required of the contractors;


<PAGE>   45

(2)      Provision of necessary contract, operations and insurance
information;

(3)      Immediately notifying the Insurance Administrator of all
contractors upon award on the Owner Form-1. Furnish all new
subcontractors the Contractor Insurance Manual;

(4)      Maintenance and provision of monthly payroll records and other
records as necessary for premium computation;

(5)      Cooperation with any insurance company or the Insurance
Administrator with respect to requests for claims, payroll or
other information required under the program;

(6)      Immediately notifying the Insurance Administrator that any
contractor-Provided Coverages have been canceled, materially
changed, or not been renewed; and,

(7)      Complete the following administrative forms within the time
frames specified:

(a)      Form 1 -- Upon execution of the (Subcontractor)
contract;

(b)      Form 2 -- Upon execution of a (Subcontractor)
contract;

(c)      Monthly Payroll Record -- Within 10 days after the
last day of each month; and,

(d)      Notice of Completion -- Upon completion of all work
being performed under the contract.

12.11    ASSIGNMENT OF RETURN PREMIUMS

The Owner will be responsible for the payment of all premiums
associated solely with the OCIP and will be the sole recipient of any
dividend(s) and/or return premium(s) generated by the OCIP. In
consideration of the Owner provision of said coverages the
contractor(s) agree to:

(1)      Identify all applicable insurance costs in their contract
price, and cooperate with the Insurance Administrator in the
confirmation of the contractor's insurance cost.

(2)      Irrevocably assign to and for the benefit of the Owner, all
return premiums, premium refunds, premium discounts,
dividends, retentions, credits, and any other monies due the
Owner in connection with the insurance which herein agrees to
provide.

12.12    CONTRACTOR-PROVIDED COVERAGES.

For any work under this contract, and until completion and final
acceptance of the work ALL INELIGIBLE CONTRACTORS/SUBCONTRACTORS AS
DEFINED IN PARAGRAPH 12.1 of this document shall provide certificates
of insurance giving evidence that the following coverages are in force.
The Project site should be shown on the certificate and the Owner,
Contractor and their directors; officers, representatives, agents and
employees shall be endorsed as Additional Insureds, ATIMA (As Their
Interest may appear) on the Commercial General Liability Policy and
Automobile Policy.


<PAGE>   46

For any work under this contract, and until completion and final
acceptance of the work, ALL ELIGIBLE SUBCONTRACTORS, at their own
expense, shall promptly furnish to the Insurance Administrator,
certificates of insurance giving evidence that the following coverages
are in force:

(1)      AUTOMOBILE LIABILITY INSURANCE:

Contractor must provide the limits of liability:

Comprehensive Automobile Liability Insurance to cover all
vehicles owned by, hired by or used on behalf of the contractor, with
minimum combined single limit that shall not be less than $1,000,000
each accident.

Gaylord Entertainment Company and its directors; officers,
representatives, agents and employees shall be added as Additional
Insureds, ATIMA (As Their Interest may appear).

(2)      WORKERS' COMPENSATION AND EMPLOYER'S LIABILITY INSURANCE
(OFF-SITE ACTIVITIES):

Statutory Limits with All States Endorsement and minimum Employer's
Liability Limits will be provided as follows:

(a)  $500,000  Bodily Injury with Accident - Each Accident;
(b)  $500,000  Bodily Injury by Disease - Policy Limit
(c)  $500,000  Bodily Injury by Disease - Each Employee; and
(d)  The policy will be endorsed to exclude the Gaylord
Entertainment Company Project site.

3)       COMMERCIAL GENERAL LIABILITY INSURANCE (OFF-SITE ACTIVITIES):

(a)      $1,000,000 Bodily Injury & Property Damage for Each
Occurrence
(b)      $1,000,000 Products/Completed Operations Aggregate
(c)      $2,000,000 General Aggregate
(d)      $1,000,000 Personal & Advertising Injury
(e)         $50,000 Fire Damage
(f)          $5,000 Medical Expense
(g)      Shall include the following:

i.     Occurrence Basis;
ii.    Premises operations;
iii.   Contractual Liability;
iv.    Products/Completed Operations;
v.     Broad Form Property Damage; and
vi.    Independent Contractors.
vii.   Such policy shall include all of the coverages
which may be included in coverages A, B and C
contained in the Standard Texas Form
Commercial General Liability Policy, without
deletion. Such policy must be issued upon an
"occurrence" basis, as distinguished from a
"claims made" basis.

(h)      The policy will be endorsed to exclude Gaylord
Entertainment Company Project Site.

(4)      EXCESS (UMBRELLA) INSURANCE (OFF-SITE ACTIVITIES):


<PAGE>   47

(h)      Limits of Liability:

CONTRACT SUM               MINIMUM LIMIT REQUIRED
(PER OCCURRENCE/AGGREGATE)

Up to $2,499,999                   $1,000,000
$2,500,000 - $4,99,999             $2,000,000
$5,000,000 - $7,499,999            $3,000,000
$7,500,000 and over                $4,000,000

(i)      Coverages and Terms: Follow form of Primary Policies

If the contractor chooses to have such a policy endorsed to
recognize the NEISD Project Site during the construction
period, coverage should be Excess and/or DIC of the OCIP. This
shall not reduce the cost identification requirement in
paragraph 12.2.

(5)      SUBCONTRACTOR INSURANCE LIMITS:

For the purpose of calculating subcontractor insurance
deductions, the contractor shall cause the subcontractor to
base its deduction on the following limits:


WORKERS' COMPENSATION (OFF-SITE): Statutory Limits
EMPLOYER'S LIABILITY (OFF-SITE):
(a)      $100,000 Bodily Injury each Accident
(b)      $100,000 Bodily Injury by Disease - Policy Limit
(c)      $100,000 Bodily Injury by Disease - Each Employee

COMMERCIAL GENERAL LIABILITY INSURANCE (OFF-SITE):
(a)      $500,000 Bodily Injury & Property Damage for
Each Occurrence
(b)      $500,000 Products/Completed Operations Aggregate
(c)      $500,000 General Aggregate
(d)      $500,000 Personal & Advertising Injury

COMPREHENSIVE AUTOMOBILE LIABILITY INSURANCE (ON-SITE AND
OFF-SITE):
(e)      $250,000 Per Person/Accident

All insurance policies shall be provided by a company or companies with
a rating of not less than B+ in the last available Best's Rating Guide.
All such policies shall include clauses whereby each underwriter agrees
to waive its rights of subrogation against the Owner. The Commercial
General Liability, Automobile Liability and Umbrella Liability policies
shall be endorsed to add the Owner and Contractor as an additional
insured. The limits of liability shown for each type of insurance
coverage to be provided by the Contractor pursuant hereto shall not be
deemed to constitute a limitation of the Contractor's liability for
claims hereunder or otherwise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, the Owner may to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, accept alternate or different coverages for the insurance
specified herein upon receipt from a licensed insurance agent or
company acceptable to the Owner of a written


<PAGE>   48

evaluation of the proposed alternate coverage in form acceptable to the
Owner confirming that such alternate coverage provides comparable or
greater protection to the Owner as the coverage specified.

Should the contractor fail to purchase, or fail to continue in
force until completion of the Work, insurance in the amounts indicated
above, the Owner may purchase such insurance and the cost thereof shall
be borne by the contractor, and may be deducted from any amounts owed
by the Owner to the contractor.

12.13    CERTIFICATES OF INSURANCE.

Certificates of Insurance acceptable to the Owner shall be filed with
the Owner within ten (10) days after award of the contract to
contractor and prior to commencement of the work. All required
insurance shall be maintained without interruption from the date of
commencement of the work under the subcontract until the date of the
final payment. These certificates and the insurance policies required
by this paragraph 12.12 shall contain a provision that coverages
afforded under the policies will not be concealed, materially modified,
or allowed to expire until at least thirty (30) days' prior written
notice has been given to the Owner to be sent to the Insurance
Administrator as described in the OCIP Project Insurance Manual. The
provisions of this subparagraph shall apply to all policies of
insurance required to be maintained by the contractor pursuant to the
contract documents.

12.14    OTHER INSURANCE.

Any type of insurance or any increase of limits of liability not
described above which a contractor requires for its own protection or
on account of any statute shall be its own responsibility and its own
expense.

12.15    SUBCONTRACTOR PARTICIPATION.

Upon execution of the subcontract, the contractor will immediately
report all new subcontracts to the Insurance Administrator for
enrollment in the OCIP. The contractor shall incorporate all the
provisions of this agreement in any subcontractor agreement and shall
cause its subcontractors to cooperate fully with the Owner, the
Insurance Administrator and insurance companies for the Project, in the
administration of the OCIP. The contractor agrees to cooperate in the
safety and accident prevention program and claim handling procedures as
established for the Project by the Owner. In accordance with this
paragraph contractor shall not permit any contractor of any tier to
enter the Project site prior to enrollment in the Owner's Owner
Controlled Insurance Program (OCIP); failure to do so shall negate the
afforded coverage(s).

12.16    WAIVER OF SUBROGATION.

The contractor waives all rights of subrogation and recovery against
the Owner, Insurance Administrator, and other contractor(s) of all
tiers to the extent of any loss or damage, which is insured under the
OCIP. Notwithstanding the foregoing and not by way of limitation of the
same, contractor waives its rights of subrogation and recovery for
damage to any property or equipment against the Owner, Insurance
Administrator, other contractor(s) of all tiers. Each contractor shall
require all contractor(s) to similarly waive their rights of
subrogation and recovery in each of their respective construction
contracts with respect to their work.

12.17    NO RELEASE.


<PAGE>   49

The carrying of the above-described insurance shall in no way be
interpreted as relieving the contractor of any other responsibility or
liability under this subcontract or any applicable law, statute,
regulation or order

12.18    PROPERTY INSURANCE.

12.18.1  The Owner shall purchase and maintain, property insurance in
the amount of the initial Contract Sum as well as subsequent modifications
thereto for the entire Work at the Project site on a replacement cost basis
without voluntary deductibles. Such property insurance shall be maintained,
unless otherwise provided in the Contract Documents or otherwise agreed in
writing by all persons and entities who are beneficiaries of such insurance,
until final payment has been made as provided in Paragraph 10.10 or until no
person or entity other than the Owner has an insurable interest in the property
required by this Paragraph 12.3 to be covered, whichever is earlier. This
insurance shall include interests of the Owner, the Contractor, Subcontractors
and Sub-subcontractors in the Work.

12.18.2  Property insurance shall be on an "all-risk" policy form and
shall insure against the perils of fire and extended coverage and physical loss
or damage including, without duplication of coverage, theft, vandalism,
malicious mischief, collapse, falsework, temporary buildings and debris removal
including demolition occasioned by enforcement of any applicable legal
requirements, and shall cover reasonable compensation for Architect's services
and expenses required as a result of such insured loss. Coverage for other
perils shall not be required unless otherwise provided in the Contract
Documents.

12.18.3  This insurance policy has a deductible and the Contractor will
be responsible for the first [Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00)] of any loss
against the policy caused by the Contractor or its Subcontractor of any tier.
The Owner will cause its "All Risk" Builder's Risk and/or Property insurance
carrier to waive insurer's right of subrogation in favor of Contractor.

12.18.4  Unless otherwise provided in the Contract Documents, this
property insurance shall cover portions of the Work stored off the Project site
after written approval of the Owner at the value established in the approval,
and also portions of the Work in transit may be covered if previously approved
by Owner.

12.18.5  The insurance required by this Paragraph is not intended to
cover machinery, tools or equipment owned or rented by the Contractor which are
utilized in the performance of the Work but not incorporated into the permanent
improvements. The Contractor shall, at the Contractor's own expense, provide
insurance coverage for owned or rented machinery, tools or equipment.

12.18.6  BOILER AND MACHINERY INSURANCE. The Owner shall purchase and
maintain boiler and machinery insurance required by the Contract Documents or by
law, which shall specifically cover such insured objects during installation and
until final acceptance by the Owner; this insurance shall include interests of
the Owner, Program Manager, Contractor, Subcontractors and Sub-Subcontractors in
the Work, and the Owner and Contractor shall be named insureds.

12.18.7  LOSS OF USE INSURANCE. The Owner, shall purchase and maintain
such insurance as will insure the Owner against loss of use of the Owner's
property due to fire or other hazards, however caused. The Owner waives all
rights of action against the Contractor for loss of


<PAGE>   50

use of the Owner's property, including consequential losses due to fire or other
hazards however caused.

12.18.8           If the Contractor requests in writing that insurance
for risks other than those described herein or for other special hazards be
included in the property insurance policy, the Owner shall, if possible, include
such insurance, and the cost thereof shall be charged to the Contractor by
appropriate Change Order.

12.18.9           Before an exposure to loss may occur, the Owner shall
file with the Contractor a Certificate of Insurance that includes insurance
coverage's required by this Paragraph. Each policy shall contain all generally
applicable conditions, definitions, exclusions and endorsements related to this
Project. Each policy shall contain a provision that the policy will not be
canceled or allowed to expire until at least 30 days' prior written notice has
been given to the Contractor.

12.18.10          WAIVERS OF SUBROGATION. The Owner and Contractor
waive all rights against each other and against the Program Manager, Architect,
Owner's Other Contractors and agents, employees and Contractors described in
Article 7, if any, and the Subcontractors, Sub-subcontractors, consultants,
agents and employees of any of them, for damages caused by fire or other perils
to the extent covered by property insurance obtained pursuant to this Paragraph
or other property insurance applicable to the Work, except such rights as the
Owner and Contractor may have to the proceeds of such insurance held by the
Owner as fiduciary. The Owner or Contractor, as appropriate, shall require of
the Program Manager, Program Manager's consultants, Architect, Architect's
consultants, Owner's separate Contractors described in Article 7, if any, and
the Subcontractors, Sub-subcontractors, agents and employees of any of them, by
appropriate agreements, written where legally required for validity, similar
waivers each in favor of other parties enumerated herein. The policies shall
provide such waivers of subrogation by endorsement or otherwise. A waiver of
subrogation shall be effective as to a person or entity even though that person
or entity would otherwise have a duty of indemnification, contractual or
otherwise, did not pay the insurance premium directly or indirectly, and whether
or not the person or entity had an insurable interest in the property damaged.

12.18.11          A loss insured under Owner's property insurance shall
be adjusted by the Owner as fiduciary and made payable to the Owner as fiduciary
for the insureds, as their interests may appear, subject to requirements of any
applicable mortgagee clause and of Subparagraph 12.3.9. The Contractor shall pay
Subcontractors their just shares of insurance proceeds received by the
Contractor, and by appropriate agreements, written where legally required for
validity, shall require Subcontractors to make payments to their
Sub-subcontractors in similar manner.

12.18.12          The Owner as fiduciary shall have power to adjust and
settle a loss with insurers unless one of the parties in interest shall object
in writing within five days after occurrence of loss to the Owner's exercise of
this power; if such objection be made, arbitrators shall be chosen as provided
in Paragraph 5.6. The Owner as fiduciary shall, in that case make settlement
with insurers in accordance with directions of such arbitrators. If distribution
of insurance proceeds by arbitration is required, the arbitrators will direct
such distribution.

12.19    BONDS.


<PAGE>   51

12.19.1           The Owner has the option to request the Contractor
furnish a performance and payment bond for the Project or initiate a Subguard
Insurance Program. The Subguard Program is a Contractor/sub-contractor/vendor
default insurance program and will lessen the requirement to furnish performance
and payment bonds for the Project. It is the Owner's desire to enroll the
Contractor, its Subcontractors and Vendors in this program. At the Owners sole
discretion, the Owner may request that certain contractors provide a Payment &
Performance Bond in lieu of enrollment in the Subguard program if any entity
cannot fulfill the pre-qualification criteria. The Owner will adjust the GMP,
add or deduct, if the Bond is requested.

12.19.2           The Contractor must notify the Program Manger and
Owner monthly of subcontractors and suppliers which are in default, or who may
be declared in default in the near future based on current performance
deficiencies. The Contractor will provide the following information related to
each such subcontractor or supplier: Name, Scope of Work, Contract Value, Nature
of Default, Percentage of Completion, Estimated Cost to Complete if Defaulted
and Amount of Unpaid Contract Value. Contractor shall also specify any potential
deficiencies in the Subcontractors and suppliers work which will require
correction or replacement.

12.19.3           In the event of a subcontractor or supplier default,
Contractor agrees to assist the Owner in mitigating the loss to the fullest
extent possible. This includes, but is not limited to: (1) adequate supervision
and work review, (2) proper documentation of performance, payment and schedule
issues, (3) adherence to contract remedies in order to protect rights of
recovery from defaulting party and avoid counterclaim for wrongful termination,
(4) manage the balance of the work in order to minimize the loss associated with
the defaulting subcontract or supplier, and (5) to assist the Owner in selecting
the most cost efficient alternative to complete the affected work.

12.19.4           Subcontractors and suppliers (with expected contract
values in excess of $50,000.00 ) must be pre-qualified by the Contractor based
upon the criteria established by the Contractor and approved by the Program
Manager and Owner (Exhibit ___ to the Contract). In the event a subcontractor or
supplier the Contractor selects to use does not meet this criteria, the
Contractor may submit to the Program Manager and Owner in writing a variation
report which outlines why this particular entity should be accepted only if the
Program Manager and Owner concur the subcontractor or supplier will be
considered to be qualified. If the Contractor selects a subcontractor or
supplier that does not meet the criteria and do not notify the Program Manager
and Owner or get approval, the Contractor will bear the costs and the risk of
loss.

12.19.5           If the Contractor incurs a loss as a result of
subcontractor or supplier default, the Contractor must complete the Claim of
Loss form (Exhibit ___). Once the Program Manager and Owner have reviewed and
verified the loss, the Owner will reimburse the Contractor for the amount of the
loss.

12.19.6           If the Contractor receives notification that second
tier subcontractors or suppliers are not being paid, or that a lien has been
recorded, the Contractor shall have the responsible subcontractor or supplier
remedy this default immediately. If such subcontractor or supplier is unable or
unwilling to do so, the Contractor must notify the Program Manager and Owner in
writing. The Owner require the Contractor to provide a release of Lien bond from
the Contractors surety, or the Owner, at its option, provide one under the Owner
Controlled Insurance Program.

12.19.7           The Owner will share a portion of the savings from
the Owner Controlled Subcontractor Default Insurance Program with the Contractor
based on actual loss experienced, as


<PAGE>   52

outlined in paragraph 2.3.5.2. The savings will be based on the difference
between the cost of subcontractor and supplier bonds and the Subguard Program
costs (risk transfer premium plus incurred and accrued losses). The savings will
be shared on an agreed upon pay-out schedule between Owner and Contractor with
some of the funds held through the warranty period. The Program Manager, Owner
and Contractor will agree on an estimated bond cost after all subcontracts have
been issued. ARTICLE 13 UNCOVERING AND CORRECTION OF WORK

13.1     UNCOVERING OF WORK.

13.1.1   If a portion of the Work is covered contrary to the Program
Manager's or Architect's request or to requirements specifically expressed in
the Contract Documents, it must, if required in writing by either, be uncovered
for their observation and be replaced at the Contractor's expense without change
in the Contract Time.

13.1.2   If a portion of the Work has been covered which the Program
Manager or Architect has not specifically requested to observe prior to its
being covered, the Program Manager or Architect may request to see such Work and
it shall be uncovered by the Contractor. If such Work is in accordance with the
Contract Documents, costs of uncovering and replacement shall, by appropriate
Change Order, be charged to the Owner. If such Work is not in accordance with
the Contract Documents, the Contractor shall pay such costs unless the condition
was caused by the Owner or one of the Other Contractors in which event the Owner
shall be responsible for payment of such costs.

13.2     CORRECTION OF WORK.

13.2.1   The Contractor shall promptly correct Work rejected by the
Program Manager or Architect or failing to conform to the requirements of the
Contract Documents, whether observed before or after Substantial Completion and
whether or not fabricated, installed or completed. The Contractor shall bear
costs of correcting such rejected Work, including additional testing and
inspections and compensation for the Program Manager's and Architect's services
and expenses made necessary thereby.

13.2.2   If, within one year after the date of Substantial Completion
of the Work or designated portion thereof, any of the Work is found to be not in
accordance with the requirements of the Contract Documents, the Contractor shall
correct it promptly after receipt of written notice from the Owner to do so
unless the Owner has previously given the Contractor a written acceptance of
such condition. This period of one year shall be extended with respect to
portions of Work first performed after Substantial Completion by the period of
time between Substantial Completion and the actual performance of the Work. This
obligation under this Subparagraph 13.2.2 shall survive acceptance of the Work
under the Contract and termination of the Contract. The Owner shall give such
notice promptly after discovery of the condition. The Owner and Contractor agree
to attend at the Project site, eleven months after Substantial Completion, and a
one-year walkthrough to determine any warranty deficiencies to be remedied
within 30 days by Contractor.

13.2.3   The Contractor shall remove from the Project site portions of
the Work which are not in accordance with the requirements of the Contract
Documents and are neither corrected by the Contractor nor accepted by the Owner.


<PAGE>   53

13.2.4   If the Contractor fails to commence correction of
nonconforming Work within 10 days time, the Owner may correct it in accordance
with Paragraph 3.3. If the Contractor does not proceed with correction of such
nonconforming Work within a reasonable time fixed by written notice from the
Architect issued through the Program Manager, the Owner may remove it and store
the salvable materials or equipment at the Contractor's expense. If the
Contractor does not pay costs of such removal and storage within ten days after
written notice, the Owner may upon ten additional days' written notice sell such
materials and equipment at auction or at private sale and shall account for the
proceeds thereof, after deducting costs and damages that should have been borne
by the Contractor, including compensation for the Program Manager's and
Architect's services and expenses made necessary thereby. If such proceeds of
sale do not cover costs which the Contractor should have borne, the Contract Sum
shall be reduced by the deficiency. If payments then or thereafter due the
Contractor are not sufficient to cover such amount, the Contractor shall pay the
difference to the Owner.

13.2.5   The Contractor shall bear the cost of correcting destroyed or
damaged construction, whether completed or partially completed, of the Owner or
Other Contractors caused by the Contractor's correction or removal of Work which
is not in accordance with the requirements of the Contract Documents.

13.2.6   Nothing contained in this Paragraph 13.2 shall be construed to
establish a period of limitation with respect to other obligations which the
Contractor might have under the Contract Documents. Establishment of the time
period of one year as described in Subparagraph 13.2.2 relates only to the
specific obligation of the Contractor to correct the Work, and has no
relationship to the time within which the obligation to comply with the Contract
Documents may be sought to be enforced, nor to the time within which proceedings
may be commenced to establish the Contractor's liability with respect to the
Contractor's obligations other than specifically to correct the Work.

13.3     ACCEPTANCE OF NONCONFORMING WORK. If the Owner prefers to accept Work
which is not in accordance with the requirements of the Contract Documents, the
Owner may do so instead of requiring its removal and correction, in which case
the Contract Sum will be reduced as appropriate and equitable. Such adjustment
shall be effected whether or not final payment has been made.

ARTICLE 14
TERMINATION OR SUSPENSION
OF THE CONTRACT

14.1     TERMINATION BY THE CONTRACTOR. The Contractor may terminate the
Contract if the Work is stopped for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days
through no act or fault of the Contractor or a Subcontractor, Sub-subcontractor
or their agents or employees or any other persons performing portions of the
Work under contract with the Contractor, for any of the following reasons:

14.1.1   issuance of an order of a court or other public authority
having jurisdiction;

14.1.2   because the Owner has not made payment on a Certificate for
Payment within the time stated in the Contract Documents; or


<PAGE>   54

14.1.3   the Owner has failed to furnish to the Contractor promptly,
upon the Contractor's written request, the information required by Subparagraph
#3.1.1.

If one of the above reasons exists, the Contractor may, upon fourteen (14)
additional days' written notice to the Owner, Program Manager and Architect,
terminate the Contract and recover from the Owner payment for Work executed and
for proven loss with respect to materials, equipment, tools, and construction
equipment and machinery.

14.2     TERMINATION BY THE OWNER FOR CAUSE.

14.2.1   The Owner may terminate the Contract if the Contractor:

14.2.1.1          repeatedly refuses or fails to supply enough
properly skilled workers or proper materials;

14.2.1.2          fails to make payment to Subcontractors for
materials or labor in accordance with the respective agreements between the
Contractor and the Subcontractors;

14.2.1.3          repeatedly disregards laws, ordinances, or
rules, regulations or orders of a public authority having jurisdiction; or

14.2.1.4          otherwise is guilty of substantial breach of
a provision of the Contract Documents.

14.2.2   When any of the above reasons exist, the Owner, after
consultation with the Program Manager and the Architect that sufficient cause
exists to justify such action, may without prejudice to any other rights or
remedies of the Owner and after giving the Contractor and the Contractor's
surety, if any, seven (7) days' written notice, terminate employment of the
Contractor and may, subject to any prior rights of the surety:

14.2.2.1          take possession of the Project site and of
all materials, equipment, tools, and construction equipment and machinery
thereon owned by the Contractor;

14.2.2.2          accept assignment of subcontracts pursuant
to Paragraph 6.4; and finish the Work by whatever reasonable method the Owner
may deem expedient.

14.2.2.3          if the personnel, as listed in paragraph
4.2.3, are removed from the Project without prior written notification to the
Owner.

14.2.3   When the Owner terminates the Contract for one of the reasons
stated in Subparagraph 14.2.1, the Contractor shall not be entitled to receive
further payment.

14.2.4   If the unpaid balance of the Contract Sum exceeds costs of
finishing the Work, including compensation for the Program Manager's and
Architect's services and expenses made necessary thereby, such excess shall be
paid to the Contractor. If such costs exceed the unpaid balance, the Contractor
shall pay the difference to the Owner. The amount to be paid to the Contractor
or Owner, as the case may be, shall, upon application, be certified by the
Architect after consultation with the Program Manager, and this obligation for
payment shall survive termination of the Contract.


<PAGE>   55

14.3     SUSPENSION BY THE OWNER FOR CONVENIENCE.

14.3.1   The Owner may, without cause, order the Contractor in writing
to suspend, delay or interrupt the Work in whole or in part for such period of
time as the Owner may determine.

14.3.2   An adjustment shall be made for increases in the cost of
performance of the Contract, on the increased cost of performance, caused by
suspension, delay or interruption. No adjustment shall be made to the extent
that performance is, was or would have been so suspended, delayed or interrupted
by another cause for which the Contractor is responsible, or that an equitable
adjustment is made or denied under another provision of this Contract.

14.3.3   Adjustments made in the cost of performance may have a
mutually agreed fixed cost for time impacted general conditions.

ARTICLE 15
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

15.1     GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by the law of the State
of Florida, County of Osceola without reference to principles of conflicts of
laws.

15.2     SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. The Owner and Contractor respectively bind
themselves, their partners, successors, assigns and legal representatives to the
other party hereto and to partners, successors, assigns and legal
representatives of such other party in respect to covenants, agreements and
obligations contained in the Contract Documents. Neither party to the Contract
shall assign the Contract as a whole without written consent of the other. If
either party attempts to make such an assignment without such consent, that
party shall nevertheless remain legally responsible for all obligations under
the Contract.

15.3     WRITTEN NOTICE. Any notices or consents required or permitted by this
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed delivered when delivered in
person, or when sent by certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt
requested, by overnight courier service, or by facsimile to the address and/or
telecopy number as follows, unless such address or number is changed by written
notice hereunder.

If to Owner:          Pete Cesari
Vice President Design & Construction
One Gaylord Drive, Nashville, TN  27214
Telephone: (615) 316-6864
Telecopy:  (615) 316-6898




If to Contractor:     Sam Sabin
151 Southhall Lane, Suite 210, Maitland, FL 32751
Telephone: (407) 834-2300
Telecopy:  (407) 407-831-8299


<PAGE>   56

15.4     REPRESENTATIVES. Initially, for purposes of this Agreement, the Owner's
representative shall be Pete Cesari, and the Contractor's representative shall
be Sam Sabin. Either party may change the identity of its representative by
notice provided as set forth in Section 16. 3.

15.5     TESTS AND INSPECTIONS.

15.5.1   Tests, inspections and approvals of portions of the Work
required by the Contract Documents or by laws, ordinances, rules, regulations or
orders of public authorities having jurisdiction shall be made at an appropriate
time. Unless otherwise provided, the Contractor shall make arrangements for such
tests, inspections and approvals with an independent testing laboratory or
entity acceptable to the Owner, or with the appropriate public authority, and
shall bear all related costs of tests, inspections and approvals. The Contractor
shall give the Program Manager and Architect 48 hours notice of when and where
tests and inspections are to be made so the Program Manager and Architect may
observe such procedures. The Owner shall bear costs of tests, inspections or
approvals which do not become requirements until after bids are received or
negotiations concluded.

15.5.2   If the Program Manager, Architect, Owner or public authorities
having jurisdiction determine that portions of the Work require additional
testing, inspection or approval not included under Subparagraph 15.5.1, the
Program Manager and Architect will, upon written authorization from the Owner,
instruct the Contractor to make arrangements for such additional testing,
inspection or approval by an entity acceptable to the Owner, and the Contractor
shall give 48 hours notice to the Program Manager and Architect of when and
where tests and inspections are to be made so the Program Manager and Architect
may observe such procedures. The Owner shall bear such costs except as provided
in Subparagraph 15.5.3.

15.5.3   If such procedures for testing, inspection or approval under
Subparagraphs 15.5.1 and 15.5.2 reveal failure of the portions of the Work to
comply with requirements established by the Contract Documents, the Contractor
shall bear all costs made necessary by such failure including those of repeated
procedures and compensation for the Program Manager's and Architect's services
and expenses.

15.5.4   Required certificates of testing, inspection or approval
shall, unless otherwise required by the Contract Documents, be secured by the
Contractor and promptly delivered to the Program Manager for transmittal to the
Architect.

15.5.5   If the Program Manager or Architect is to observe tests,
inspections or approvals required by the Contract Documents, the Program Manager
or Architect will do so promptly and, where practicable, at the normal place of
testing.

15.5.6   Tests or inspections conducted pursuant to the Contract
Documents shall be made promptly to avoid unreasonable delay in the Work.

15.6     NON-WAIVER. The Owner shall have the right at all times to enforce the
provisions of the Contract Documents in strict accordance with the terms
thereof, notwithstanding any conduct or custom on the part of the Owner in
refraining from so doing at any time or times. The failure of the Owner at any
time or times to enforce their rights under such provisions, strictly in
accordance with the same, shall not be construed as having created a custom in
any way or manner contrary to


<PAGE>   57

specific provisions of the Contract Documents or as having in any way or manner
modified or waived the same. All rights and remedies of the Owner are cumulative
and concurrent and the exercise of one right or remedy shall not be deemed a
waiver or release of any other right or remedy.

15.7     SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid
under any applicable laws, such invalidity shall not affect any other provision
of this Agreement that can be given effect without the invalid provision, and,
to this end, the provisions hereof are severable.

15.8     COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed by the parties
independently in any number of counterparts, all of which together shall
constitute but one and the same instrument which is valid and effective as if
all parties had executed the same counterpart.

15.9     OWNERSHIP AND USE OF DRAWINGS, SPECIFICATIONS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS. The
Drawings, Specifications and other documents prepared used in connection with
the Work shall be the property of the Owner, and the Owner shall and will retain
all common law, statutory and other reserved rights, in addition to the
copyright. The Contractor may retain one contract record set. Neither the
Contractor nor any Subcontractor or material or equipment supplier shall own or
claim a copyright in the Drawings, Specifications and other such documents. All
copies of them, except the Contractor's record set, shall be returned or
suitably accounted for to the Owner, on request, upon completion of the Work.
The Drawings, Specifications and other such documents, and copies thereof
furnished to the Contractor, are for use solely with respect to this Project.
They are not to be used by the Contractor or any Subcontractor or material or
equipment supplier on other Projects or for additions to this Project outside
the scope of the Work without the specific written consent of the Owner. The
Contractor, Subcontractors and material or equipment suppliers are granted a
limited license to use and reproduce applicable portions of the Drawings,
Specifications and other such documents appropriate to and for use in the
execution of their Work under the Contract Documents. All copies made under this
license shall bear the statutory copyright notice, if any, shown on the
Drawings, Specifications and other such documents. Submittal or distribution to
meet official regulatory requirements or for other purposes in connection with
this Project is not to be construed as publication in derogation of the
copyright or other reserved rights.


<PAGE>   58

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Owner and Contractor have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.


Owner:                                               Contractor:





By: /s/ David B. Jones                               By: /s/ Sam Sabin

Title: President & CEO, Opryland Hospitality Group   Title:  Project Executive


The undersigned hereby acknowledge the terms and conditions of the
foregoing Agreement, and specifically agree to perform their respective
responsibilities and duties described in such Agreement.


Program Manager:                                     Architect:





By:                                                  By:

Title:                                               Title:


<PAGE>   59

EXHIBITS

D     Schedule and Narrative

E     Organization Chart

G     OCIP Manual

H     Subguard Outline Spec

I     Waivers of Lien

A     Document Listing

B     OHG Turnover Schedule

C     OHG Project Responsibilities

F     Pre-Qualification Process



