






AMENDMENT TO CONSTRUCTION LOAN AGREEMENT








Exhibit 10.2.2



AMENDMENT TO CONSTRUCTION LOAN AGREEMENT



THIS AMENDMENT TO CONSTRUCTION LOAN AGREEMENT (the
“Amendment”), is made and entered into this 19th day
of April, 2004, by and between MANUFACTURERS AND TRADERS
TRUST COMPANY, a New York banking corporation, successor in
interest to Allfirst Bank (the “Bank”), and dELiA*s
DISTRIBUTION COMPANY, a Delaware corporation (the
“Borrower”), and with the joinder of dELiA*s
CORP. and ALLOY, INC., jointly and severally (the
“Guarantors”).



B A C K G R O U N D:



A.     Borrower and Bank entered into a
Construction Loan Agreement dated August 6, 1999 (the
“Loan Agreement”). The Agreement is incorporated
herein by reference and made a part hereof. All capitalized
terms used herein without definition which are defined in the
Agreement shall have the meanings set forth therein.



B.     Borrower and Bank have agreed to
amend the Loan Agreement.



C.     Borrower has no defense, charge,
defalcation, claim, plea, demand, set-off or counterclaim to or
against the Loin Agreement, the Loan Documents or any
document(s) or instrument(s) related thereto or associated
therewith.



NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, receipt of which is
hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby,
the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:





1.     That the above Background is
incorporated herein by reference.


2.     That the Loan Agreement be and
hereby is amended to provide that Guarantors will guaranty and
become surety for the Loan. Notwithstanding, in the event that
Alloy, Inc. no longer owns the majority of the voting power of
the capital stock of dELiA*s Corp., and provided (i) no
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and there is no
condition or state of facts which but for the giving of notice
or the running of any grace period would constitute an Event of
Default, and (ii) the credit and capacity of Borrower and
dELiA*s Corp. and the alternate surety, if any, are then
sufficient under the Bank’s then loan underwriting
standards for a loan of the amount, and collateral of the Loan,
then the Bank will release Alloy, Inc. as a surety for the Loan.


3.     That paragraph 3(q) of the
Loan Agreement be and hereby is amended to provide that Alloy,
Inc. and, from and after the date that Alloy, Inc. no longer
owns a majority of the voting power of the capital stock of
dELiA*s Corp. (i) dELiA*s Corp. (ii) the parent
company of dELiA*s Corp. or (iii) the entity into which
dELiA*s Corp. may be merged, shall achieve and maintain at all
times during the term of the Loan a Funds Flow Coverage Ratio of
1.2 to 1.0. “Funds Flow Coverage Ratio” shall mean net
income plus depreciation plus interest divided by current
maturities of long term debt plus interest.


4.     That the Borrower reaffirms and
restates the representations and warranties set forth in
Section 2 of the Agreement, as amended by this Amendment,
and all such representations and warranties shall be true and
correct on the date hereof with the same force and effect as if
made on such date, except as they may specifically refer to an
earlier date(s). The Borrower represents and warrants (which
representations and warranties shall survive the execution and
delivery hereof) to the lender that (i) this Amendment has
been duly authorized, executed and delivered and constitute a
legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, and is
enforceable in accordance with its terms; (ii) the Borrower
is not in default under the Agreement or any of the other Loan
Documents, and the Borrower is in full compliance with all of
the terms and conditions thereof; (iii) no event exists
which with the passage of time, notice, or both, will constitute
an Event of Default under the Agreement or any of the other Loan
Documents; and (iv) there have been no material adverse
changes in the Borrower’s finances or operations which




5











would cause the Borrower to be in default under any of the
financial covenants contained in the Agreement or any of the
other Loan Documents.


5.     That the terms and conditions,
paragraph sections, collateral requirements, representations and
warranties of the Agreement and Loan Documents, together
with all understandings by and between the parties to this
Amendment evidenced by writings of the same or subsequent date,
not in conflict with the above modifications under this
Amendment, shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby
ratified, reaffirmed and confirmed.


6.     That all references to the
Agreement in the Loan Documents and the other documents and
instruments delivered pursuant to or in connection therewith; as
well as in writings of the same or subsequent date, shall mean
the Agreement as amended hereby and as each may in the future be
amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time.


7.     That the parties hereto shall,
at any time, and from time to time following the execution of
this Amendment, execute and deliver all such further instruments
and take all such further action as may be reasonably necessary
or appropriate in order to carry out the provisions of this
Amendment.




6











IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound hereby,
the parties have caused this Amendment to be executed as of the
day and year first above written.





MANUFACTURERS AND TRADERS TRUST COMPANY

By: /s/ Keith A. Mummert


Title:        Vice
President


“Bank”









ATTEST:

dELiA*s DISTRIBUTION COMPANY



By: /s/ Walter B. Killough


Title:        Chief
Operating Officer


By: /s/ Samuel A. Gradess


Title:        Treasurer


“Borrower”









ATTEST:

dELiA*s CORP.



By: /s/ Walter B. Killough


Title:        Chief
Operating Officer

By: /s/ Samuel A. Gradess


Title:        Treasurer







ATTEST:



ALLOY, Inc.



By: /s/ Samuel A. Gradess


Title:        Secretary


By: /s/ James K. Johnson, Jr.


Title:        President


“Guarantors”





7

