






exv10w35










Exhibit 10.35







Document
A141TM
— 2004





Standard Form of Agreement Between Owner and Design-Builder







AGREEMENT made as of the 19th            day of December            in the year of 2005

(In words, indicate day, month and year)




BETWEEN the Owner:

(Name, address and other information)




Build-A-Bear Workshop, Inc.

a Delaware Corporation

1954 Innerbelt Business Center Drive

St. Louis, MO 63114-5760




and the Design-Builder:

(Name, address and other information)




Duke Construction Limited Partnership

an Indiana Limited Partnership

5600 Blazer Parkway, Ste. 100

Dublin, OH 43017




For the following Project:

(Name, location and detailed description)




Build-A-Bear Distribution Center Groveport, Ohio




The Owner and Design-Builder agree as follows.











ADDITIONS AND DELETIONS:



The author of this document has added information needed for its completion. The author may also
have revised the text of the original AIA standard form. An Additions and Deletions Report that
notes added information as well as revisions to the standard form text is available from the author
and should be reviewed. A vertical line in the left margin of this document indicates where the
author has added necessary information and where the author has added to or deleted from the
original AIA text.



This document has important legal consequences. Consultation with an attorney is encouraged with
respect to its completion or modification.



Consultation with an attorney is also encouraged with respect to professional licensing
requirements in the jurisdiction where the Project is located.




















Init.	 	AIA Document A141™ — 2004, Copyright © 2004 by The American Institute of Architects, All
rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International
Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum extent
possible under the law. This document was produced by AIA software at 16:37:14 on
12/19/2005 under Order No. 1000164015_2 which expires on
2/18/2006, and is not for resale.
User Notes:




1




















TABLE OF ARTICLES





1	 	THE DESIGN-BUILD DOCUMENTS

2	 	WORK OF THIS AGREEMENT

3	 	DATE OF COMMENCEMENT AND SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION

4	 	CONTRACT SUM

5	 	PAYMENTS

6	 	DISPUTE RESOLUTION

7	 	MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

8	 	ENUMERATION OF THE DESIGN-BUILD DOCUMENTS





TABLE OF EXHIBITS





A	 	TERMS AND CONDITIONS

B	 	DETERMINATION OF THE COST OF THE WORK

C	 	INSURANCE AND BONDS




ARTICLE 1 THE DESIGN-BUILD DOCUMENTS



§ 1.1 The Design-Build Documents form the Design-Build Contract. The Design-Build Documents consist
of this Agreement between Owner and Design-Builder (hereinafter, the “Agreement”) and its attached
Exhibits; Addenda issued prior to execution of the Agreement; the Project Criteria, including
changes to the Project Criteria proposed by the Design-Builder and accepted by the Owner, if any;
the Design-Builder’s Proposal and written modifications to the Proposal accepted by the Owner, if
any; other documents listed in this Agreement; and Modifications issued after execution of this
Agreement. The Design-Build Documents shall not be construed to create a contractual relationship
of any kind (1) between the Architect and Owner, (2) between the Owner and a Contractor or
Subcontractor, or (3) between any persons or entities other than the Owner and Design-Builder,
including but not limited to any consultant retained by the Owner to prepare or review the Project
Criteria. An enumeration of the Design-Build Documents, other than Modifications, appears in
Article 8.



§ 1.2 The Design-Build Contract represents the entire and integrated agreement between the parties
hereto and supersedes prior negotiations, representations or agreements, either written or oral.



§ 1.3 The Design-Build Contract may be amended or modified only by a Modification. A Modification
is (1) a written amendment to the Design-Build Contract signed by both parties, (2) a Change Order,
(3) a Construction Change Directive or (4) a written order for a minor change in the Work issued by
the Owner.



ARTICLE 2 THE WORK OF THE DESIGN-BUILD CONTRACT



§ 2.1 The Design-Builder shall Fully execute the Work described in the Design-Build Documents,
except to the extent specifically indicated in the Design-Build Documents to be the responsibility of others.



ARTICLE 3 DATE OF COMMENCEMENT AND SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION



§ 3.1 The date of commencement of the Work shall be the date established in the Project Schedule
attached to this Agreement as Exhibit B (the “Project Schedule”).



(Insert the date of commencement if it differs from the date of this Agreement or, if applicable,
state that the date will be fixed in a notice to proceed.)








Init.	 	AIA Document A141™ — 2004. Copyright © 2004 by The American Institute of Architects. All
rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and
International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of
this AIA® Document, or
any portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted
to the maximum extent possible under the law. This document was produced by AIA software at
16:37:14 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 1000164015_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for
resale.
User Notes:




2




















(Insert Owner’s time requirements.)



§ 3.2 The Contract Time shall be measured from the date of commencement, subject to adjustments of
this Contract Time as provided in the Design-Build Documents.

(Insert provisions, if any, for liquidated damages relating to failure to complete on time or for
bonus payments for early completion of the Work.)



§ 3.3 The Design-Builder shall achieve Substantial Completion of the Work not later than the
date established in the Project Schedule, Exhibit B dated December 19, 2005.

(Insert number of calendar days. Alternatively, a calendar date may be used when coordinated with
the date of commencement. Unless stated elsewhere in the Design-Build Documents, insert any
requirements for earlier Substantial Completion of certain portions of the Work.)



The Project Schedule, Exhibit B, assumes that the Agreement would be executed not later than
December 16, 2005. The Design-Builder shall be entitled to one additional calendar day to achieve
Substantial Completion of the Work for each calendar day after December 16, 2005, until the
Agreement is executed. Any additional days shall be added to the Agreement by Change Order.





Portion of Work
Substantial Completion Date






ARTICLE 4 CONTRACT SUM



§ 4.1 The Owner shall pay the Design-Builder the Contract Sum in current funds for the
Design-Builder’s performance of the Design-Build Contract. The Contract Sum shall be one of the following:



(Check the appropriate box.)





[ X ] Stipulated Sum in accordance with Section 4.2 below;

[   ] Cost of the Work Plus Design-Builder’s Fee in accordance with Section 4.3 below;

[   ] Cost of the Work Plus Design-Builder’s Fee with a Guaranteed Maximum Price in accordance
with Section 4.4 below.





(Based on the selection above, complete either Section 4.2, 4.3 or 4.4 below.)



§4.2 STIPULATED SUM



§ 4.2.1 The Stipulated Sum shall be Fourteen Million Four Hundred Thirty Four Thousand Four
Hundred Ninety Four Dollars and No Cents     ( $14,434,494.00   ), subject to additions and
deductions as provided in the Design-Build Documents.



§ 4.2.2 The Stipulated Sum is based upon the following alternates, if any, which are described in
the Design-Build Documents and are hereby accepted by the Owner: Not Applicable



§ 4.2.3 Unit prices, if any, are set forth in the Design-Builder’s Proposal, Exhibit D-l. Not
applicable





Description

Units
Price($0.00)











Init.	 	AIA Document
A141TM — 2004. Copyright © 2004 by The American Institute of Architects. All rights
reserved. WARNING: This
AIA® Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International
Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this
AIA® Document, or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum extent
possible under the law. This document was produced by AIA software at 16:37:14 on
12/19/2005 under Order No.1000164015_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes:




3




















(Paragraph deleted)



§ 4.2.4 Allowances, if any, are set forth in Exhibit E. If the cost of an allowance item exceeds
the cost stated therefore in Exhibit E, the Contract Sum shall be increased by the excess amount.



(Identify and state the amounts of any allowances, and state whether they include labor, materials,
or both)




Allowance                                                       Amount ($ 0.00)                                Included Items



§ 4.2.5 Assumptions or qualifications, if any, on which the Stipulated Sum is based, are set
forth in Exhibit D-l to this Agreement and this clause.



.1 If a specific Contractor is recommended to the Owner by the Design-Builder, but the
Owner requires that another bid be accepted, the additional time and expense relating to the
selection and use of the substitute Contractor shall be authorized by Change Order to increase the
Contract Time and the Contract Sum.



.2 If the Design-Builder is required to pay any new federal, state or local tax, or of any
rate increase of an existing tax (except a tax on net profits) as a result of any law, rule or
regulation taking effect after the date of this Agreement, the Contract Sum shall be increased by
the amount of the new or increased tax.



.3 Intentionally omitted.



.4 If bids for allowances are not received within the time scheduled at the time the
Contract Sum was established, due to causes beyond the Design-Builder’s reasonable control, the Contract Sum shall
be increased to reflect any increase in the general level of prices occurring between the
originally-scheduled date and the date on which bids are received.



§ 4.3 COST OF THE WORK PLUS DESIGN-BUILDER’S FEE



§4.3.1



§4.3.2



(State a lump sum, percentage of Cost of the Work or other provision for determining the
Design-Builder’s Fee and the method of adjustment to the Fee for changes in the Work.)



§ 4.4 COST OF THE WORK PLUS DESIGN-BUILDER’S FEE WITH A GUARANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE



(Paragraph deleted)



§


§



(State a lump sum, percentage of Cost of the Work or other provision for determining the
Design-Builder’s Fee and the method of adjustment to the Fee for changes in the Work.)




§ 4.4.3 GUARANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE

§




(Paragraph deleted)




§








Init.	 	AIA Document A141™ — 2004. Copyright © 2004 by The American Institute of Architects, All fights
reserved. WARNING: This AIA® Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International
Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum extent
possible under the law. This document was produced by AIA software at 16:37:14 on
12/19/2005 under Order No. 1000164015_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes:




4




















(Paragraph deleted)



§




(Paragraph deleted)





Description

Units
Price ($ 0.00)





§


(Identify and state the amounts of any allowances, and state whether they include labor,
materials, or both.)





Allowance

Amount ($ 0.00)
Included Items





§


(Identify the assumptions on which the Guaranteed Maximum Price is based.)



§ 4.5 CHANGES IN THE WORK



§ 4.5.1 Adjustments of the Contract Sum on account of changes in the Work may be determined by
any of
the methods listed in Article A.7 of Exhibit A, Terms and
Conditions. A markup of fifteen per cent
(15%) shall be included in Change Orders that increase the Contract Sum as a reasonable markup for
overhead and profit of the Design/Builder provided that for each single Change Order item valued at
Two Hundred Thousand Dollars and No Cents ($200,000) or more before the addition of overhead and
profit, the Owner and Design-Builder shall negotiate a reasonable markup for overhead and profit
for that item.




(Paragraph deleted)




§



ARTICLE 5 PAYMENTS



§ 5.1 PROGRESS PAYMENTS



§ 5.1.1 Based upon Applications for Payment submitted to the Owner by the Design-Builder, the
Owner shall make progress payments on account of the Contract Sum to the Design-Builder as provided
below and elsewhere in the Design-Build Documents.



§ 5.1.2 The period covered by each Application for Payment shall be one calendar month ending on
the last day of the month,



§ 5.1.3 Provided that an Application for Payment is received not later than the 10th day of
month, the Owner shall make payment to the Design-Builder not later
than the 25th day of the
same month. If an Application for Payment is received by the Owner after the application date fixed
above, payment shall be made by the Owner not later than fifteen (15 ) days after the Owner
receives the Application for Payment.



§ 5.1.4



§ 5.1.5 With each Application for Payment the Design-Builder shall submit the most recent
schedule of values in accordance with the Design-Build Documents. The schedule of values shall
allocate the entire Contract Sum among the various portions of the Work. Compensation for design
services shall be shown separately. The schedule of values shall be prepared in such form and
supported by such data to substantiate its accuracy as the Owner may












Init.	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004. Copyright © 2004 by The American Institute of Architects. All
rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International
Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AlA® Document, or any portion of it may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum extent
possible under the law. This document was produced by AIA software at 16:37:14 on
12/19/2005 under Order No.1000164015_2 which expires on 2/18/2006. and is not for resale.
User Notes:




5




















require. This schedule of values, unless objected to by the Owner, shall be used as a basis
for reviewing the Design-Builder’s Applications for Payment.



§ 5.1.6 In taking action on the Design-Builder’s Applications for Payment, the Owner shall be
entitled to rely on the accuracy and completeness of the information furnished by the
Design-Builder and shall not be deemed to have made a detailed examination, audit or arithmetic
verification of the documentation submitted in accordance with Sections 5.1.4 or 5.1.5, or other
supporting data; to have made exhaustive or continuous on-site inspections; or to have made
examinations to ascertain how or for what purposes the Design-Builder has used amounts previously
paid on account of the Agreement. Such examinations, audits and verifications, if required by the
Owner, will be performed by the Owner’s accountants acting in the sole interest of the Owner.




(Paragraph deleted)



§ 5.1.7 An initial payment of Three Hundred Thousand Dollars and No Cents ($300,000)
(“Initial Payment”) shall be tendered to the Design-Builder upon the execution of this Agreement to
facilitate the ordering and procurement of structural steel and precast concrete for the Project.
Payment shall be credited against the Contract Sum due the Design/Builder. Once the orders for
structural steel and precast concrete are placed, such Initial Payment is non-refundable to the
extent of costs actually incurred in the ordering and procurement of specified materials and the
cancellation of such orders.



§ 5.2 PROGRESS PAYMENTS — STIPULATED SUM



§ 5.2.1 Applications for Payment where the Contract Sum is based upon a Stipulated Sum shall
indicate the
percentage of completion of each portion of the Work as of the end of the period covered by the
Application for
Payment.



§ 5.2.2 Subject to other provisions of the Design-Build Documents, the amount of each progress
payment shall be computed as follows:





.1	 	Take that portion of the Contract Sum properly allocable to completed Work as determined by

multiplying the percentage completion of each portion of the Work by the share of the Contract Sum
allocated to that portion of the Work in the schedule of values, less retainage of (10% )
on the Work, other than services provided by design professionals and other consultants retained
directly by the Design-Builder. Pending final determination of cost to the Owner of Changes in the
Work, amounts not in dispute shall be included as provided in Section A.7.3.8 of Exhibit A, Terms
and Conditions;

.2	 	Add that portion of the Contract Sum properly allocable to materials and equipment
delivered and suitably stored at the site for subsequent incorporation in the completed
construction (or, if approved in advance by the Owner, suitably stored off the site at a location
agreed upon in writing), less retainage of ten per cent ( 10% );

.3	 	Subtract the aggregate of previous payments made by the Owner; and

.4	 	Subtract amounts, if any, for which the Owner has withheld payment from or nullified an
Application for Payment as provided in Section A.9.5 of Exhibit A, Terms and Conditions.




§ 5.2.3 The progress payment amount determined in accordance with Section 5.2.2 shall be further
modified under the following circumstances:





.1	 	add, upon Substantial Completion of the Work, a sum sufficient to increase the total
payments to the full amount of the Contract Sum, less such amounts as the Owner shall determine for
incomplete Work, retainage applicable to such work and unsettled claims; and

(Section A.9.8.6 of Exhibit A, Terms and Conditions requires release of applicable retainage upon
Substantial Completion of Work with consent of surety, if any,)

.2	 	add, if final completion of the Work is thereafter materially delayed through no
fault of the Design-Builder, any additional amounts payable in accordance with Section A.9.10.3 of
Exhibit A, Terms and Conditions.




§ 5.2.4 Reduction or limitation of retainage, if any, under Section 5.2.2 shall be as follows:



(If it is intended, prior to Substantial Completion of the entire Work, to reduce or limit the
retainage resulting from the percentages inserted in Sections 5.2,2.1 and 5.2.2.2 above, and this
is not explained elsewhere in the Design-Build Documents, insert here provisions for such reduction
or limitation.)












Init.	 	AIA Document A141™ — 2004. Copyright © 2004 by The American Institute of Architects. All tights
reserved. WARNING: This AIA® Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International
Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum extent
possible under the law. This document was produced by AIA software at 16:37:14 on
12/19/2005 under Order No.1000164015_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Nates:




6






















.1 Once each early finishing Contractor has completed its Work and that Work has been
accepted by the Owner, the Owner shall release final retention on that portion of the Work;
and



.2 After the Work is fifty percent (50%) complete, the Owner shall withhold no additional
retainage.



3 There shall be no retainage held on General Conditions items.



.4 At Substantial Completion, the Owner shall be entitled to withhold from the payment
required by §A.9.8.6 an amount equal to one hundred fifty per cent (150%) of the value of the items
on the comprehensive list submitted by the Design-Builder pursuant to §A.9.8.2 plus the value of
items disclosed by the Owner’s inspection pursuant to §A.9.8.3. The Design-Builder may invoice for
completed items no more often than monthly and shall be entitled to all unpaid retainage at Final
Completion.


§ 5.3 PROGRESS PAYMENTS — COST OF THE WORK PLUS A FEE



§


(Paragraph deleted)



(Paragraph deleted)



§


(Paragraphs deleted)



§


§ 5.4 PROGRESS PAYMENTS – COST OF THE WORK PLUS A FEE WITH A GUARANTED MAXIMUM PRICE




§


§



(Paragraph deleted)



(Paragraphs deleted)



§ 5.4.3 If the Owner holds retainage:



§ 5.5 FINAL PAYMENT



§ 5.5.1 Final payment, constituting the entire unpaid balance of the Contract Sum, shall be
made by the Owner to the Design-Builder no later than 30 days after the Design-Builder has fully
performed the Design-Build Contract, including the requirements in Section A.9.10 of Exhibit A,
Terms and Conditions, except for the Design-Builder’s responsibility to correct non-conforming Work
discovered after final payment or to satisfy other requirements, if any, which extend beyond final
payment.



ARTICLE 6 DISPUTE RESOLUTION



§6.1



(Insert the name, address and other information of the individual to serve as a Neutral, If
the parties do not select a Neutral, then the provisions of Section A.4.2.2 of Exhibit A. Terms and
Conditions, shall apply.)



§ 6.2 If the parties do not resolve their dispute through mediation pursuant to Section A.4.3 of
Exhibit A, Terms and Conditions, the method of binding dispute resolution shall be the following:










Init.	 	AIA Document A141TM - 2004, Copyright © 2004 by The American Institute of Architects. All rights
reserved. WARNING: This AIA® Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International
Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum extent
possible under the law. This document was produced by AIA software at 16:37:14 on
12/19/2005 under Order No. 1000164015_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.
User Notes:




7



















(If the parties do not select a method of binding dispute resolution, then the method of
binding dispute resolution shall be by litigation in a court of
competent jurisdiction.)

(Check one.)





[ X ] Arbitration pursuant to Section A.4.4 of Exhibit A, Terms and Conditions

[   ] Litigation in a court of competent jurisdiction

[   ] Other (Specify)




§ 6.3 ARBITRATION



§ 6.3.1 If Arbitration is selected by the parties as the method of binding dispute
resolution, then any claim, dispute or other matter in question arising out of or related to this
Agreement shall be subject to arbitration as provided in Section A.4.4 of Exhibit A, Terms and
Conditions.



ARTICLE 7 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS



§ 7.1 The Architect, other design professionals and consultants engaged by the Design-Builder
shall be persons or entities duly licensed to practice their professions in the jurisdiction where
the Project is located and are listed as follows:



(Insert name, address, license number, relationship to Design-Builder and other information.)





Name and Address

License Number
Other Information





§ 7.2 Consultants, if any, engaged directly by the Owner, their professions and
responsibilities are listed below:



(Insert name, address, license number, if applicable, and responsibilities to Owner and other
information.)





Name and Address

License Number
Other Information





§ 7.3 Separate contractors, if any, engaged directly by the Owner, their trades and
responsibilities are listed below:



(Insert name, address, license number, if applicable, responsibilities to Owner and other
information.)





Name and Address

License Number
Other Information





§
7.4 The Owner’s Designated Representative is:

(Insert name, address and other information.)



§ 7.4.1 The Owner’s Designated Representative identified above shall be authorized to act on the
Owner’s behalf with respect to the Project.



§ 7.5 The Design-Builder’s Designated Representative is:



(Insert name, address and other information.)



§ 7.5.1 The Design-Builder’s Designated Representative identified above shall be authorized to act
on the Design-Builder’s behalf with respect to the Project.











Init.	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004. Copyright © 2004 by The American Institute of Architects. All
rights reserved. WARNING: This
AIA® Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International
Trealies. Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum extent
possible under the law. This document was produced by AIA software at 16:37:14 on
12/19/2005 under Order No. 1000164015_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes:




8



















§ 7.6 Neither the Owner’s nor the Design-Builder’s Designated Representative shall be changed
without ten days written notice to the other party.



§ 7.7 Other provisions:



Except as otherwise provided to the contrary hereinbelow, this Agreement and the obligations of
the parties hereunder are contingent upon the execution of and occurrence of a closing under that
certain Real Estate Purchase Agreement of even date herewith by and between Owner, as Buyer, and
Duke Realty Ohio, as Seller (the “Purchase Agreement”), for the purchase of the property upon which
the Project is to be built. In the event that (i) the Purchase Agreement is not executed by the
parties thereto, or (ii) a closing under such Purchase Agreement does not occur, then this
Agreement shall terminate and be and become null and void, except that Owner shall be responsible
for the costs incurred by Design-Builder for the procurement of structural steel and precast
concrete for the Project under Section 5.1.7 and for the Peat Remediation under Exhibit F.



§ 7.7.1 Where reference is made in this Agreement to a provision of another Design-Build Document,
the reference refers to that provision as amended or supplemented by other provisions of the
Design-Build Document.



§ 7.7.2 Payments due and unpaid under the Design-Build Contract shall bear interest from the date
payment is due at the legal rate prevailing from time to time at the place where the Project is
located, or in the absence thereof, LIBOR plus 3%.



(Insert rate of interest agreed upon, if any.)



(Usury laws and requirements under the Federal Truth in Lending Act, similar state and local
consumer credit laws and other regulations at the Owner’s and Design-Builder’s principal places of
business, the location of the Project and elsewhere may affect the validity of this provision.
Legal advice should be obtained with respect to deletions or modifications, and also regarding
requirements such as written disclosures or waivers.)



ARTICLE 8 ENUMERATION OF THE DESIGN-BUILD DOCUMENTS



§ 8.1 The Design-Build Documents, except for Modifications issued after execution of this
Agreement, are enumerated as follows:



§ 8.1.1 The Agreement is this executed edition of the Standard Form of Agreement Between Owner and
Design-Builder, AIA Document A141-2004.



§8.1.2



(Either list applicable documents below or refer to an exhibit attached to this Agreement.)



(Rows deleted)



§ 8.1.3



(Either list applicable documents and their dates below or refer to an exhibit attached to
this Agreement.)



(Rows deleted)



§ 8.1.4 The Design-Builder’s Proposal is attached to this Agreement as Exhibit D-l.(Either list
applicable documents below or refer to an exhibit attached to this Agreement.)



§ 8.1.5 Amendments to the Design-Builder’s Proposal, if any, are included in Exhibit D-l to
this Agreement.



(Either list applicable documents below or refer to an exhibit attached to this Agreement.)



§ 8.1.6 The Addenda, if any, are as follows:











Init.	 	AIA Document A141™ — 2004. Copyright © 2004 by The American Institute of Architects. All rights
reserved. WARNING: This
AIA® Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International
Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this
AIA® Document, or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum extent
possible under the law. This document was produced / by AIA software at 16:37:14 on
12/19/2005 under Order No.1000164015_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes:




9




















(Either list applicable documents below or refer to an exhibit attached to this Agreement.)



Title of the Addenda exhibit:



(Rows deleted)



§ 8.1.7 Exhibit A, Terms and Conditions.



(If the
parties agree to substitute terms and conditions other than those contained in AIA
Document A141-2004, Exhibit A, Terms and Conditions, then identify such terms and conditions and
attach to this Agreement as Exhibit A.)



§ 8.1.8 Exhibit B, Project Schedule.



(If the parties agree to substitute a method to determine the cost of the Work other than
that contained in AIA Document A1 41-2004, Exhibits, Determination of the Cost of the Work, then
identify such other method to determine the cost of the Work and attach to this Agreement as
Exhibit B. If the Contract Sum is a Stipulated Sum, then Exhibit B is not applicable.)



§ 8.1.9 Exhibit C, Insurance and Bonds, if applicable.



(Complete AIA Document A141-2004, Exhibit C, Insurance and Bonds or indicate “not
applicable,”)



§ 8.1.10 Other documents, if any, forming part of the Design-Build Documents are as follows:



(Either list applicable documents below or refer to an exhibit attached to this Agreement.)




Title of the Other exhibits:

Exhibit E – Allowances

Exhibit F — Pre-Acquisition Expenditure Categories



This Agreement is entered into as of the day and year first written above and is executed in at
least three original copies, of which one is to be delivered to the Design-Builder and one to the
Owner.





Build-A-Bear Workshop, Inc.

Duke Construction Limited Partnership



/s/ Maxine Clark

/s/ William J. DeBoer



OWNER (Signature)

DESlGN-BUlLDER (Signature)


Maxine Clark

William J. DeBoer SVP



(Printed name and title)

(Printed name and title)


















Init.	 	AIA Document A141 ™ — 2004. Copyright © 2004 by The American Institute of Architects. All
rights reserved.
WARNING:
This AIA® Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International
Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced by AIA software at
16:37:14 on 12/19/2005 under Order No.1000164015_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for
resale.

User Notes:




10
























Document A141™ — 2004 Exhibit A







Terms
and Conditions







for the following PROJECT:

(Name and location or address)




Build-A-Bear Distribution Center

(Groveport, Ohio

THE OWNER:

(Name and location)




Build-A-Bear Workshop, Inc.

a Delaware corporation

1954 Innerbelt Business Center Drive

St. Louis. Missouri 63114-5760




THE DESIGN-BUILDER:

(Name and location)




Duke Construction Limited Partnership,

an Indiana limited partnership

5600 Blazer Parkway,
Sie. 100
Dubin Ohio 43017










ADDITIONS AND DELETIONS:



The author of this document has added information needed for its completion. The author may also
have revised the text of the original AIA standard form. An
Additions and Deletions Report that
notes added information as well as revisions to the standard form text is available from the author
and should be reviewed. A vertical line in the left margin of this document indicates where the
author has added necessary information and where the author has added to or deleted from the
original AIA text.



This document has Important legal consequences. Consultation with an attorney is encouraged with
respect to its completion or modification.



Consultation with an attorney is also encouraged with respect to professional licensing
requirements in the jurisdiction where the Project is located.



















Init.	 	AIA Document A141 ™ — 2004 Exhibit A.
Copyright © 2004 by The American Institute of
Architects. All rights reserved. WARNING: This
AIA® Document is protected by U.S.
Copyright® Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA®
Document, or any portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be
prosecuted to the maximum extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No,10001640152 which expires on 2/18/2006,
and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05




1



















TABLE OF ARTICLES



A.1 GENERAL PROVISIONS



A.2 OWNER



A.3 DESIGN-BUILDER



A.4 DISPUTE RESOLUTION



A.5 AWARD OF CONTRACTS



A.6 CONSTRUCTION BY OWNER OR BY SEPARATE CONTRACTORS



A.7 CHANGES IN THE WORK



A.8 TIME



A.9 PAYMENTS AND COMPLETION



A.10 PROTECTION OF PERSONS AND PROPERTY



A.11 INSURANCE AND BONDS



A.12 UNCOVERING AND CORRECTION OF WORK



A.13 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS



A.14 TERMINATION OR SUSPENSION OF THE DESIGN-BUILD CONTRACT













Init.	 	AIA Document A41™ — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright
© 2004 by The American Institute of Architects.
All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and
International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of
this AIA® Document, or any
portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the
maximum extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at
09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No, 1000164015_2 which expires on
2/18/2006, and is not for
resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05




2




















ARTICLE A.1 GENERAL PROVISIONS



§ A.1.1 BASIC DEFINITIONS



§ A.1.1.1 THE DESIGN-BUILD DOCUMENTS



The Design-Build Documents are identified in Section 1.1 of the Agreement.



§ A.1.1.2 PROJECT CRITERIA



The Project Criteria are identified in Section 8.1.3 of the Agreement and may describe the
character, scope, relationships, forms, size and appearance of the Project, materials and systems
and, in general, their quality levels, performance standards, requirements or criteria, and major
equipment layouts.



§ A.1.1.3 ARCHITECT



The Architect is the person lawfully licensed to practice architecture or an entity lawfully
practicing architecture identified as such in the Agreement and having a direct contract with the
Design-Builder to perform design services for all or a portion of the Work, and is referred to
throughout the Design-Build Documents as if singular in number. The term “Architect” means the
Architect or the Architect’s authorized representative.



§A.1.1.4 CONTRACTOR



A Contractor is a person or entity, other than the Architect, that has a direct contract with
the Design-Builder to perform all or a portion of the construction required in connection with the
Work. The term “Contractor” is referred to throughout the Design-Build Documents as if singular in
number and means a Contractor or an authorized representative of the Contractor. The term
“Contractor” does not include a separate contractor, as defined in Section A.6.1.2, or
subcontractors of a separate contractor.



§ A.1.1.5 SUBCONTRACTOR



A Subcontractor is a person or entity who has a direct contract with a Contractor to perform
a portion of the construction required in connection with the Work at the site. The term
“Subcontractor” is referred to throughout the Design-Build Documents as if singular in number and
means a Subcontractor or an authorized representative of the Subcontractor.



§ A.1.1.6 THE WORK



The term “Work” means the design, construction and services required by the Design-Build
Documents, whether completed or partially completed, and includes all other labor, materials,
equipment and services provided or to be provided by the Design-Builder to fulfill the
Design-Builder’s obligations. The Work may constitute the whole or a part of the Project.



§ A.1.1.7 THE PROJECT



The Project is the total design and construction of which the Work performed under the Design-Build
Documents may be the whole or a part, and which may include design and construction by the Owner or
by separate contractors.



§
A.1.1.8 THE CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENTS

(Paragraph deleted)



The “Construction Documents” are the drawings and specifications establishing the
requirements of the Work to be performed by the Design-Builder. Once approved by the Owner, the
Construction Documents shall be identified in an addendum to this Agreement or by a no-cost Change
Order.



§ A.1.2 COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS



§ A.1.2.1 If the Design-Builder believes that implementation of any instruction received from the
Owner would cause a violation of any applicable law, statute, ordinance, building code, rule or
regulation, the Design-Builder shall notify the Owner in writing. Neither the Design-Builder nor
any Contractor or Architect shall be obligated to perform any act which they believe will violate
any applicable law, ordinance, rule or regulation.



§ A.1.2.2 The Design-Builder shall be entitled to rely on the completeness and accuracy of the
information
contained in the Project Criteria, but not that such information complies with applicable laws,
regulations and codes, which shall be the obligation of the Design-Builder to determine. In the
event that a specific requirement of the Project Criteria conflicts with applicable laws,
regulations and codes, the Design-Builder shall furnish Work which











Init.	 	AIA Document A141™ — 2004 Exhibit A.
Copyright © 2004 by The American Institute of Architects.
All rights reserved. WARNING: This
AIA® Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and
International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any
portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the
maximum extent possible under the law. This document was produced by AIA software at
09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 1000164015_2 which
expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for
resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05




3





















complies with such laws, regulations and codes. In such case, the Owner shall issue a Change
Order to the Design-Builder unless the Design-Builder recognized such non-compliance prior to
execution of this Agreement and failed to notify the Owner.



§A.1.3 CAPITALIZATION



§ A.1.3.1 Terms capitalized in these Terms and Conditions include those which are (1)
specifically defined, (2) the titles of numbered articles and identified references to sections in
the document, or (3) the titles of other documents published by the American Institute of
Architects.



§A.1.4 INTERPRETATION



§ A.1.4.1 In the interest of brevity, the Design-Build Documents frequently omit modifying
words such as “all” and “any” and articles such
as “the” and “an,” but the fact that a modifier or
an article is absent from one statement and appears in another is not intended to affect the
interpretation of either statement.



§ A.1.4.2 Unless otherwise stated in the Design-Build Documents, words which have well-known
technical or construction industry meanings are used in the Design-Build Documents in accordance
with such recognized meanings.



§
A.1.4.3 The intent of the Construction Documents is to include those items which are necessary
for the completion of the Work by the Design-Builder. Performance by the Design-Builder shall be
required only to the extent consistent with the Construction Documents. In the event of conflict
between the terms or provisions of this Agreement and any of the other Design-Build Documents, the
terms or provisions of this Agreement shall control.



§ A.1.5 EXECUTION OF THE DESIGN-BUILD DOCUMENTS



§ A.1.5.1 The Design-Build Documents shall be signed by the Owner and Design-Builder.



§ A.1.5.2 Execution of the Design-Build Contract by the Design-Builder is a representation that the
Design-Builder has visited the site, become generally familiar with local conditions under which
the Work is to be performed and correlated personal observations with requirements of the
Design-Build Documents.



§ A.1.6 OWNERSHIP AND USE OF DOCUMENTS AND ELECTRONIC DATA



§ A.1.6.1 Drawings, specifications, and other documents including those in electronic form,
prepared by the Architect and furnished by the Design-Builder are Instruments of Service. The
Design-Builder, Design-Builder’s Architect and other providers of professional services
individually shall retain all common law, statutory and other reserved rights, including copyright
in those Instruments of Services furnished by them. Drawings, specifications, and other documents
and materials and electronic data are furnished for use solely with respect to this Project.



§ A.1.6.2 Upon execution of the Design-Build Contract, the Design-Builder grants to the Owner a
non-exclusive license to reproduce and use the Instruments of Service solely in connection with the
Project, including the Project’s further development by the Owner and others retained by the Owner
for such purposes, provided that the Owner shall comply with all obligations, including prompt
payment of sums when due, under the Design-Build Documents. Subject to the Owner’s compliance with
such obligations, such license shall extend to those parties retained by the Owner for such
purposes, including other design professionals. The Design-Builder shall obtain similar
nonexclusive licenses from its design professionals, including the Architect. In the event of such
use, the Owner shall defend and indemnify the Design-Builder, the Architect and the authors of the
documents against all claims relating to such use. The Owner shall not otherwise assign or transfer
any license herein to another party without prior written agreement of the Design-Builder. Any
unauthorized reproduction or use of the Instruments of Service by the Owner or others shall be at
the Owner’s sole risk and expense without liability to the Design-Builder and its design
professionals. Except as provided in Section A. 1.6.4, termination of this Agreement prior to
completion of the Design-Builder’s services to be performed under this Agreement shall terminate
this license.



§ A.1.6.3 Prior to any electronic exchange by the parties of the Instruments of Service or any
other documents or materials to be provided by one party to the other, the Owner and the
Design-Builder shall agree in writing on the specific conditions governing the format thereof,
including any special limitations or licenses not otherwise provided in the Design-Build Documents.












Init.	 	AIA Document A141™- 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004 by The American Institute of Architects.
All rights reserved. WARNING: This
AIA® Document Is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and
International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any
portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum extent
possible under the law. This document was produced by AIA software at 09:03:04 on
12/19/2005 under Order No. 1000164015_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05






4

















§ A.1,6.4 If this Agreement is terminated for cause by the Owner, each of the
Design-Builder’s design professionals, including the Architect, shall be contractually
required to convey to the Owner a non-exclusive license to use that design professional’s Instruments of Service for the completion, use and
maintenance of the Project, conditioned upon the Owner’s written notice to that design professional of the
Owner’s assumption of the Design-Builder’s contractual duties and obligations to that
design professional and payment to that design professional of all amounts due to that
design professional and its consultants. If the Owner does not assume the remaining
duties and obligations of the Design-Builder to that design professional under this
Agreement, then the Owner shall indemnify and hold harmless that design professional from
ail claims and any expense, including legal fees, which that design professional shall
thereafter incur by reason of the Owner’s use of such Instruments of Service.



§ A.1.6.5 Submission or distribution of the Design-Builder’s documents to meet official
regulatory requirements or for similar purposes in connection with the Project is not to
be construed as publication in derogation of the rights reserved in Section
A.1.6.1.



ARTICLE A.2 OWNER




§
A.2.1 GENERAL



§ A.2.1.1 The Owner is the person or entity identified as such in the Agreement and is referred to
throughout the Design-Build Documents as if singular in number. The term “Owner” means the Owner or the Owner’s
authorized representative. The Owner shall designate in writing a representative who shall have express
authority to bind the Owner with respect to all Project matters requiring the Owner’s approval or authorization. The
Owner shall render decisions in a timely manner and in accordance with the Design-Builder’s schedule submitted to the
Owner.



§ A.2.1.2 The Owner shall furnish to the Design-Builder within 15 days after receipt of a
written request information necessary and relevant for the Design-Builder to evaluate, give
notice of or enforce mechanic’s lien rights. Such information shall include a correct
statement of the record legal title to the property on which the Project is located, usually
referred to as the site, and the Owner’s interest therein.



§
A.2.2 INFORMATION AND SERVICES REQUIRED OF THE OWNER




§
A.2.2.1. The Owner shall furnish all required information and
services and shall render decisions with reasonable promptness to avoid delay in the Project Schedule. The Design/
Builder shall be entitled to rely upon the completeness and accuracy of the information and documentation provided by the Owner, Any other
information or services relevant to the Design-Builder’s performance of the Work under the Owner’s
control shall be furnished by the Owner after receipt from the Design-Builder of a written request
for such information or services.



§
A.2.2.2. Owner and Design/Builder hereby acknowledge that Owner and Duke Realty Ohio, an
Indiana general partnership, an affiliate of Disign/Buildeer (“DRO”) are simultaneously herewith
executing a Real Estate Purchase Agreement (the “Purchaser Agreement”) for the purchase by Owner of
the site upon which the Project is to be located (the “Site”) . Accordingly, DRO shall provide
Design/Builder site information identified within this paragraph. DRO shall furnish a legal
description and a certified land survey of the Project site, giving, as applicable, grades and
lines of streets, alleys, payments and adjoining property; rights of way restrictions, easements,
encroachments, zoning and/deed restrictions, elevations, and contours of
the site; locations, dimensions and complete data pertaining to existing buildings, other improvements, and trees; and
full information concerning available services and utility lines, both public and private above
and below grade, including inverts and depths. DRO shall disclose to the extent known the results
and reports of prior tests, inspections or investigations conducted for the Project involving
structural or inechanical system’s chemical air and water pollution, hazardous materials, or other
environmental and subsurface conditions. DRO shall disclose to Design/Builder all information
known to DRO regarding the presence of pollutants at the Project site.



§ A.2.2.4 The Owner may obtain independent review of the Design-Builder’s design,
construction and other documents by a separate architect, engineer, and contractor or cost
estimator under contract to or employed by the Owner. Such independent review shall be
undertaken at the Owner’s expense in a timely manner and shall not delay the orderly progress
of the Work.











Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05







5


















§ A.2.2.5 The Owner shall cooperate with the Design-Builder in securing building and other
permits, licenses and inspections, Except for permits and fees which are the responsibility of the Design/Builder as provided in the Preliminary Design Documents the Owner shall and pay for all necessary approvals easements assessments,
and charges required for construction use or occupancy the Project.



§ A.2.2.6 The services, information, surveys and reports required to be provided by the
Owner under .Section A,2.2. shall be furnished at the Owner’s expense, and the
Design-Builder shall be entitled to rely upon the accuracy and completeness thereof, except
as otherwise specifically provided in the Design-Build Documents or to the extent the Owner
advises the Design-Builder to the contrary in writing, provided further that in the event
that the Design-Builder has performed any work or incurred any costs prior to receipt of the
Owner’s written notice based upon the Design-Build Documents, the Design-Builder shall be
entitled to a Change Order that adjusts the Contract Sum and/or the Contract Time for
additional work performed and/or changes to the work as a result of the Owner’s written
notice.



§ A.2.2.7 If the Owner observes or otherwise becomes aware of a fault or defect in the Work
or non-conformity with the Design-Build Documents, the Owner shall give prompt written notice
thereof to the Design-Builder.



§ A.2.2.8 The Owner shall, at the request of the Design-Builder, prior to execution of the
Design-Build Contract and promptly upon request thereafter, furnish to the Design-Builder
reasonable evidence that financial arrangements have been made to fulfill the Owner’s
obligations under the Design-Build Documents.



§ A.2.2.9 The Owner shall communicate through the Design-Builder with persons or entities
employed or retained by the Design-Builder, unless otherwise directed by the Design-Builder.



§ A.2.2.10 The Owner shall furnish the services of geotechnical engineers or other
consultants, if not required by the Design-Build .Documents to be provided by the
Design-Builder, for subsoil, air and water conditions when such services-are deemed
reasonably necessary by the Design-Builder to properly carry out the design services;
provided by the Design-Builder and the Design-Builder’s Architect. Such services may include,
but are not limited to, test borings, test pits, determinations of soil bearing values,
percolation tests, evaluations of hazardous materials, ground corrosion and resistivity
tests, and necessary operations for anticipating subsoil conditions. The services of
geotechnical engineer(s) or other consultants shall include preparation and submission of all
appropriate reports and professional recommendations.



§A.2.2.11



$ A.2.3 OWNER REVlEW AND INSPECTION



§ A.2.3.1 The Owner shall review and approve or take other appropriate action upon the
Design-Builder’s submittals, including but not limited to design and construction documents,
required by the Design-Build Documents, but only for the limited purpose of checking for
conformance with information given and the design concept expressed in the Design-Build
Documents. The Owner’s action shall be taken with such reasonable promptness as to cause no
delay in the Work or in the activities of the Design-Builder or separate contractors. Review
of such submittals is not conducted for the purpose of determining the accuracy and
completeness of other details, such as dimensions and quantities, or for
substantiating-instructions for installation or performance of equipment or systems, all of
which remain the responsibility of the Design-Builder as required by the Design-Build
Documents.



§ A.2.3.2 Upon review of the design documents, construction documents, or other submittals
required by the Design-Build Documents, the Owner shall take one of the following actions:




.1	 	 Determine that the documents or submittals are in conformance with the Design-Build
Documents and approve them.


.2	 	 Determine that the documents or submittals are in conformance with the Design-Build Documents but request changes in the documents or submittals which shall be
implemented by a Change in the Work.

.3	 	 Determine that the documents or
submittals are not in conformity with the Design-Build Documents and reject them.

.4	 	Determine that the documents or submittals are not in conformity
with the Design-Build Documents, but accept them by implementing a Change in the
Work.













Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05




6






















.5	 	Determine that the documents or submittals are not in conformity with the
Design-Build Documents, but accept them and request changes in the documents
or submittals which shall be implemented by a Change in the Work.






§ A.2.3.3 The Design-Builder shall submit to the Owner for the Owner’s approval, pursuant
to Section A.2.3.1, any proposed change or deviation to previously approved documents or
submittals. The Owner shall review each proposed change or deviation to previously
approved documents or submittals which the Design-Builder submits to the Owner for the
Owner’s approval with reasonable promptness in accordance with Section A.2.3.1 and shall
make one of the determinations described in Section A.2.3.2.



§ A.2.3.4 Notwithstanding the Owner’s responsibility under Section A.2.3.2, the Owner’s
review and approval of the Design-Builder’s documents or submittals shall not relieve the
Design-Builder of responsibility for compliance with the Design-Build Documents unless a)
the Design-Builder has notified the Owner in writing of the deviation prior to approval by
the Owner or. b) the Owner has approved a Change in the Work reflecting any deviations from
the requirements of the Design-Build Documents. Minutes of design meetings showing
discussion of the deviation shall be a sufficient writing.



§ A.2.3.5 The Owner may visit the site to keep informed about the progress and quality of
the portion of the Work completed. However, the Owner shall not be required to make
exhaustive or continuous on-site inspections to check the quality or quantity of the Work.
Visits by the Owner shall not be construed to create an obligation on the part of the
Owner to make on-site inspections to check the quantity or quality of the Work. The Owner
shall neither have control over or charge of, nor be responsible for, the construction
means, methods, techniques, sequences or procedures, or for the safety precautions and
programs in connection with the Work, since these are solely the Design-Builder’s rights
and responsibilities under the Design-Build Documents, except as provided in Section
A.3,3.7.



§
A.2.3.6 The Owner shall not be responsible for the Design-Builder’s failure to perform
the Work in accordance with the requirements of the Design-Build Documents. The Owner
shall not have control over or charge of and will not be responsible for acts or omissions
of the Design-Builder, Architect, Contractors, or their agents or employees, or any other
persons or entities performing portions of the Work for the Design-Builder.



§ A.2.3.7 The Owner way reject Work that does not conform to the Design-Build Documents.
Whenever the Owner considers it necessary or advisable, the Owner shall have authority to
require inspection or testing of the Work in accordance with Section A, 13.5.2, whether or
not such Work is fabricated, installed or completed. However, neither this authority of
the Owner nor a decision made in good faith either to exercise or not to exercise such authority shall give rise to a duty or responsibility of the Owner to
the Design-Builder, the Architect, Contractors, material and equipment suppliers, their
agents or employees, or other persons or entities performing portions of the Work.



§ A.2.3.8 The Owner may appoint an on-site project representative to observe the Work
and to have such other responsibilities as the Owner and the Design-Builder agree to in writing.



§ A.2.3.9 The Owner shall conduct inspections to determine whether the Owner agrees with
the Design-Builder’s stated date or dates of Substantial Completion and the date of final
completion.



§ A.2.4 OWNER’S RIGHT TO STOP WORK




§A.2.4.1 If the Design-Builder fails to correct Work which is not in accordance with the
requirements of the Design-Build Documents as required by Section A. 12.2 or persistently
fails to carry out Work in accordance with the Design-Build Documents, the Owner may issue
a written order to the Design-Builder to stop the Work, or any portion thereof, until the
cause for such order has been eliminated; however, the right of the Owner to stop the Work
shall not give rise to a duty on the part of the Owner to exercise this right for the
benefit of the Design-Builder or any other person or entity, except to the extent required
by Section A.6.1.3.



§ A.2.5 OWNER’S RIGHT TO CARRY OUT THE WORK




§ A.2.5.1 If the Design-Builder defaults or neglects to carry out the Work in accordance
with the Design-Build Documents and fails within a seven-day period after receipt of
written notice from the Owner to commence and continue correction of such default or
neglect with diligence and promptness, the Owner may after such seven-day period give the
Design-Builder a second written notice to correct such deficiencies
within a three-day
period. If the











Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05




7















Design-Builder within such three-day period after receipt of such second notice fails to
commence and continue to correct any deficiencies, the Owner may, without prejudice to other
remedies the Owner may have, correct such deficiencies. In such case, an appropriate Change
Order shall be issued deducting from payments then or thereafter due the Design-Builder the
reasonable, cost of correcting such deficiencies. If payments due the Design-Builder are not
sufficient to cover such amounts, the Design-Builder shall pay the difference to the Owner.



ARTICLE A.3 DESIGN-BUILDER




§A.3.1 GENERAL




§
A.3.1.1 The Design-Builder is the person or entity identified as such in the Agreement and is
referred to throughout the Design-Build Documents as if singular in number. The Design-Builder is an entity legally
permitted to do business as a design-builder in the location where the Project is located. The term
“Design-Builder” means the Design-Builder or the Design-Builder’s authorized representative. The Design-Builder’s
representative is authorized to act on the Design-Builder’s behalf with respect to the Project.



§
A.3.1.2 The Design-Builder shall perform the Work in accordance with the Design-Build Documents.



§
A.3.2 DESIGN SERVICES AND RESPONSIBILITIES



§
A.3.2.1 When applicable law requires that services be performed by licensed professionals,
the Design-Builder shall provide those services through the performance of qualified persons
or entities duly licensed to practice their professions. The Owner understands and agrees
that the services performed by the Design-Builder’s Architect and the Design-Builder’s other
design professionals and consultants are undertaken and performed in the sole interest of and
for the exclusive benefit of the Design-Builder.



§
A.3.2.2 The agreements between the Design-Builder and Architect or other design
professionals identified in the Agreement, and in any subsequent Modifications, shall be in
writing. These agreements, including services and Financial arrangements with respect to this
Project, shall be promptly and fully disclosed to the Owner upon the Owner’s written request.



§ A.3.2.3 The Design-Builder shall be responsible to the Owner for acts and omissions of the
Design-Builder’s employees, Architect, Contractors, Subcontractors and their agents and
employees, and other persons or entities. including the Architect and other design
professionals, performing any portion of the Design-Builder’s obligations under the
Design-Build Documents.



§
A.3.2.4 The Design-Builder shall carefully study and compare the Design-Build Documents,
materials and other information provided by the Owner pursuant to Section A.2.2, shall
take field measurements of any existing conditions related to the Work, shall observe any
conditions at the site affecting the Work, and report promptly to the
Owner any errors, inconsistencies or omissions discovered.



§
A.3.2.5 The Design-Builder shall provide to the Owner for Owner’s written approval design
documents sufficient to establish the size, quality and character of the Project; its
architectural, structural, mechanical and electrical systems; and the materials and such other
elements of the Project to the extent required by the Design-Build Documents. Deviations, if
any, from the Design-Build Documents shall be disclosed in writing.



§
A.3.2.6 Upon the Owner’s written approval of the design documents submitted by the
Design-Builder, the Design-Builder shall provide construction documents for review and written
approval by the Owner. The construction documents shall set forth in detail the requirements
for construction of the Project. The construction documents shall include drawings and
specifications that establish the quality levels of materials and systems required.
Deviations, if any, from the Design-Build Documents shall be disclosed in writing, including
minutes of design meetings with the Owner, Construction documents may include drawings,
specifications, and other documents and electronic data setting forth in detail the
requirements for construction of the Work, and shall;




.1	 	be consistent with the approved design documents;

.2	 	provide information for the use of those in the building trades; and

.3	 	include documents customarily required for regulatory agency approvals.





§ A.3.2.7 The Design-Builder shall meet with the Owner periodically to review progress
of the design and construction documents and changes and
clarifications in the drawings, specifications and other documents.











Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05




8















§ &.3.2.8 Upon She Owner’s written approval of construction documents, the Design-Builder,
wish the assistance of the Owner, shall prepare and file documents required to obtain
necessary approvals of governmental authorities having jurisdiction over the Project.



§ A.3.2.9



§ A.3.2.10 If the Owner requests the Design-Builder, the Architect or the Design-Builder’s
other design professionals to execute certificates, the proposed language of such certificates
shall be submitted to the Design-Builder, or the Architect and such design professionals
through the Design-Builder, for review and negotiation as least 14 days prior to the requested
dates of execution. Neither the Design-Builder, the Architect nor such other design
professionals shall be required to execute certificates that would require knowledge, services
or responsibilities beyond the scope of their respective agreements with the Owner or
Design-Builder.



§ A.3.3 CONSTRUCTION




§.A.3.3.1 The Design-Builder shall perform no construction Work prior to the Owner’s review
and approval of the construction documents, except as otherwise agreed, The Design-Builder
shall perform no portion of the Work for which the Design-Build Documents require the Owner’s
review of submittals, such as Shop Drawings, Product Data and Samples, until the Owner has
approved each submittal.



§ A.3.3.2 The construction Work shall be in accordance with approved submittals, except that
the Design-Builder shall not be relieved of responsibility for deviations from requirements of
the Design-Build Documents by the Owner’s approval of design and construction documents or
other submittals such as Shop Drawings, Product Data, Samples or other submittals unless the
Design-Builder has specifically informed the Owner in writing of such deviation at the tirne
of submittal and (1) the Owner has given written approval to the specific deviation as a minor
change in the Work, or (2) a Change Order or Construction Change Directive has been issued
authorizing the deviation. The Design-Builder shall not be relieved of responsibility for
errors or omissions in design and construction documents or other submittals such as Shop
Drawings, Product Data, Samples or other submittals by the Owner’s approval thereof.



§ A.3.3.3 The Design-Builder shall direct specific attention, in writing or on resubmitted
design and construction documents or other submittals such as Shop Drawings, Product Data,
Samples or similar submittals, to revisions other than those requested by the Owner on
previous submittals. In the absence of such written notice, the Owner’s approval of a
resubmission shall not apply to such revisions.



§ A.3.3.4 When the Design-Build Documents require that a Contractor provide professional
design services or certifications related to systems, materials or equipment, or when the
Design-Builder in its discretion provides such design services or certifications through a
Contractor, the Design-Builder shall cause professional design services or certifications to
be provided by a properly licensed design professional, whose signature and seal shall appear
on all drawings, calculations, specifications, certifications, Shop Drawings and other
submittals prepared by such professional. Shop Drawings and other submittals related to the
Work designed or certified by such professionals, if prepared by others, shall bear such
design professional’s written approval. The Owner shall be entitled to rely upon the adequacy,
accuracy and completeness of the services, certifications or approvals performed by such
design professionals.



§ A.3.3.5 The Design-Builder shall be solely responsible for and have control over all
construction means, methods, techniques, sequences and procedures and for coordinating all
portions of the Work under the Design-Build Documents.



§ A.3.3.6 The Design-Builder shall keep the. Owner informed of the progress and quality of the
Work.



§ A.3.3.7 The Design-Builder shall be responsible for the supervision and direction of the
Work, using the Design-Builder’s best skill and attention. If the Design-Build Documents give
specific instructions concerning construction means, methods, techniques, sequences or
procedures, the Design-Builder shall evaluate the jobsite safety thereof and, except as stated
below, shall be fully and solely responsible for the jobsite safety of such means, methods,
techniques, sequences or procedures. If the Design-Builder determines that such means,
methods, techniques. sequences or procedures may not be safe, the Design-Builder shall give
timely written notice to the Owner and shall not proceed with that portion of the Work without
further written instructions from the Owner. If the Design-Builder is then instructed to
proceed with the required means, methods, techniques, sequences or procedures without












Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05






9


















acceptance of changes proposed by the Design-Builder, the Owner shall be solely responsible
for any resulting loss or damage.



§
A.3.3.8 The Design-Builder shall be responsible for inspection
of portions of Work already
performed to determine that such portions are in proper condition to receive subsequent Work.



§
A.3.4 LABOR AND MATERIALS



§
A.3.4.1 Unless otherwise provided in the Design-Build Documents, the Design-Builder shall provide
or cause to be provided and shall pay for design services, labor, materials, equipment, tools, construction
equipment and machinery, water, heat, utilities, transportation and other facilities and services necessary
for proper execution and completion of the Work, whether temporary or permanent and whether or
not incorporated or to be incorporated in the Work.



§
A.3.4.2 When a material is specified in the Design-Build Documents, the Design-Builder may
make substitutions only with the consent of the Owner and, if appropriate, in accordance with
a Change Order.



§
A.3.4.3 The Design-Builder shall enforce strict discipline and good order among the
Design-Builder’s employees and other persons carrying out the Design-Build Contract. The
Design-Builder shall not permit employment of unfit persons or persons not skilled in tasks
assigned to them.



§ A.3.5 WARRANTY



§
A.3.5.1 The Design-Builder warrants to the Owner that materials and equipment furnished
under the Design-Build Documents will be of good quality and new unless otherwise required or
permitted by the Design-Build Documents, that the Work will be free from detects not inherent
in the quality required or permitted by law or otherwise, and that the Work will conform to
the requirements of the Design-Build Documents, Work not conforming to these requirements,
including substitutions not properly approved and authorized, may be considered defective.
The Design-Builder’s warranty excludes remedy for damage or defect caused by abuse,
modifications not executed by the Design-Builder, improper or insufficient maintenance,
improper operation, or normal wear and tear and normal usage. If required by the Owner, the
Design-Builder shall furnish satisfactory evidence as to the kind and quality of materials
and equipment.



§A.3.6 TAXES



§
A.3.6.1 The Design-Builder shall pay all sales, consumer, use and similar taxes for the Work
provided by the Design-Builder which had been legally enacted on the date of the Agreement,
whether or not yet effective or merely scheduled to go into effect.



§A.3.7
PERMITS,
FEES AND NOTICES



§
A.3.7.1 The Design-Builder shall secure and pay for building and other permits and
governmental fees, licenses and inspections necessary for the proper execution and completion
of the Work which are customarily secured after execution of the Design-Build Contract and
which were legally required on the date the Owner accepted the
Design-Builder’s proposal.



§
A.3.7.2 The Design-Builder shall comply with and give notices required by laws, ordinances,
rules, regulations and lawful orders of public authorities relating to the Project.



§
A.3.7.3 It is the Design-Builder’s responsibility to ascertain that the Work is in
accordance with applicable laws, ordinances, codes, rules and regulations.



§
A.3.7.4 If the Design-Builder performs Work contrary to applicable laws, ordinances, codes,
rales and regulations, the Design-Builder shall assume responsibility for such Work and shall
bear the costs attributable to correction.



§
A.3.8 ALLOWANCES



§
A.3.8.1 The Design-Builder shall include in the Contract Sum all
allowances stated in the
Design-Build Documents. Items covered by allowances shall be supplied for such amounts and by
such persons or entities as the Owner may direct, but the Design-Builder shall not be required
to employ persons or entities to which the Design-Builder has reasonable objection.










Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05





10


















§ A.3.8.2 Unless otherwise provided in the Design-Build Documents:




.1	 	allowances shall cover the
Cost to the Design-Builder of materials and
equipment delivered at the site and all required taxes, less applicable trade discounts;

.2	 	Design-Builder’s costs for unloading and handling at the
sits, labor,
installation costs, overhead, profit and other expenses contemplated for stated allowance amounts shall be included
in the Contract Sum but not in the allowances; and

.3	 	whenever costs are more than or less than allowances, the
Contract Sum shall be adjusted accordingly
by Change Order. The amount of the Change Order shall reflect (1) the
difference between actual costs and the allowances under
Section A.3.8.2.1 and (2) changes in Design-Builder’s
costs under Section A.3.8.2.2.





(Paragraph
deleted)



§ A.3.9 DESIGN-BUILDER’S SCHEDULE



(Paragraphs deleted)



§
A.3.9.1 The Design-Builder, and the Owner have agreed to the design and construction phase
schedule attached to the Agreement as Exhibit B (the
“Project Schedule’).



§ A.3.9.2 The Design-Builder shall prepare and keep current a schedule of submittals required by
the Design-Build Documents.



§
A.3.9.3 The Design-Builder shall perform the Work in accordance
with the Project Schedule.


§ A 3.10 DOCUMENTS AND SAMPLES AT THE SITE



§ A.3.10.1 The Design-Builder shall maintain at the site for the Owner one record copy
of (the drawings, specifications, addenda, Change Orders and other Modifications, in good
order and marked currently to record field changes and selections made during
construction, and one record copy of approved Shop Drawings, Product
Data, Samples and
similar required submittals. These shall be delivered to the Owner upon completion of the
Work.



§ A.3.11 SHOP DRAWINGS, PRODUCT DATA AND SAMPLES



§
A.3.11.1 Shop Drawings are drawings, diagrams, schedules and other data specially prepared for
the Work by the Design-Builder or a Contractor, Subcontractor, manufacturer, supplier or distributor to illustrate
some portion of the Work.



§ A.3.11.2 Product Data are illustrations, standard schedules, performance charts,
instructions, brochures, diagrams and other information furnished by the Design-Builder
to illustrate materials or equipment for some portion of the Work.



§ A.3.11.3 Samples are physical examples that illustrate materials, equipment or
workmanship and establish standards by which the Work will be judged.



§
A.3.11.4 Shop Drawings, Product Data, Samples and similar submittals are not
Design-Build Documents. The purpose of their submittal is to demonstrate for those
portions of the Work for which submittals are required by the Design-Build Documents the
way by which the Design-Builder proposes to conform to the Design-Build Documents.



§
A.3.11.5 The Design-Builder shall review for compliance with the Design-Build Documents
and approve and submit to the Owner only those Shop Drawings, Product Data, Samples and
similar submittals required by the Design-Build Documents with reasonable promptness and
in such sequence as to cause no delay in the Work or in the activities of the Owner or of
separate contractors.



§
A.3.11.6 By approving and submitting Shop Drawings. Product Data, Samples and similar
submittals, the Design-Builder represents that the Design-Builder has determined and
verified materials, field measurements and field construction criteria related thereto, or
will do so, and has checked and coordinated the information contained within such
submittals with the requirements of the Work and of the Design-Build Documents.











Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05





11

















§ A.3.12 USE OF SITE



§ A.3.12.1 The Design-Builder shall confine operations at the site to areas permitted by law,
ordinances, permits and the Design-Build Documents, and shall not unreasonably encumber the site with materials or
equipment.



§ A.3.13 CUTTING AND PATCHING



§ A.3.13.1 The Design-Builder shall be responsible for cutting, fitting or patching required to
complete the Work or to make its parts fit together properly.



§ A.3.13.2 The Design-Builder shall not damage or endanger a portion of the Work or fully
or partially completed construction of the Owner or separate contractors by cutting,
patching or otherwise altering such construction or by excavation. The Design-Builder shall
not cut or otherwise alter such construction by the Owner or a separate contractor except
with written consent of the Owner and of such separate contractor; such consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld. The Design-Builder shall not unreasonably withhold from the Owner
or a separate contractor the Design-Builder’s consent to cutting or otherwise altering the
Work.



§ A.3.14 CLEANING UP



§ A.3.14.1 The Design-Builder shall keep the premises and surrounding area free from
accumulation of waste materials or rubbish caused by operations under the Design-Build
Contract. At completion of the Work, the Design-Builder shall remove from and about the
Project waste materials, rubbish, the Design-Builder’s tools, construction equipment,
machinery and surplus materials.



§ A.3.14.2 If the Design-Builder fails to clean up as provided in the Design-Build Documents, the
Owner may do so and the cost thereof shall be charged to the Design-Builder.



§ A.3.15 ACCESS TO WORK



§A.3.15.1 The Design-Builder shall provide the Owner access to the Work in preparation and
progress wherever located.



§ A.3.16 ROYALTIES, PATENTS AND COPYRIGHTS



§ A.3.16.1 The Design-Builder shall pay all royalties and license fees. The Design-Builder
shall defend suits or claims for infringement of copyrights and patent rights and shall hold
the Owner harmless from loss on account thereof, but shall not be responsible for such defense
or loss when a particular design, process or product of a particular manufacturer or
manufacturers is required or where the copyright violations are contained in drawings,
specifications or other documents prepared by or furnished to the Design-Builder by the Owner.
However, if the Design-Builder has reason to believe that the required design, process or
product is an infringement of a copyright or a patent, the Design-Builder shall be responsible
for such loss unless such information is promptly furnished to the Owner.



§ A.3.17 INDEMNIFICATION



§A 3.17.1 To the fullest extent provided by law the Owner and the Design/Builder shall
indemnify and hold harmless each other and their respective agents,
employess, shareholders, members, partners, officers and directors, from and against
any and all claims, damages, losses, and expenses, including, but not
limited to, attorneys’ fees, arising out of or resulting from the performance of the Work, provided that such claim, damage loss or expenses is attributable to bodily injury sickness disease or death or to injury to or destruction of tangible property (other than the
Work itself), but only to the extent caused by the negligent acts or omissions of the indemnifying party or any person directly employed by such party or anyone
whose acts such party may be liable and except for any matters to
which the waiver of subrogation as more fully stated herein applies,
regardless of whether such claim, damage, loss or
expense, is caused in part by a part to be indemnified hereunder. The
Owner and the Design/Builder waive all rights against each other and their design professionals and Subcontractors for damages caused
by perils covered by insurance
under Article A.11 except such rights as they may have to the
proceeds of such insurance. The Design/Builder shall require similar
waivers from its design professionals and Subcontractors. The Owner shall require similar waivers  from its  design professionals and separate contractors.



§ A.3.17.2 In claims against any person or entity indemnified under this Section A.3.17 by
an employee of the Design-Builder, the Architect, a Contractor, a Subcontractor, anyone
directly or indirectly employed by them or anyone for whose acts they
may be liable, (The
indemnification obligation under Section A3.17.1 shall not be limited by a limitation on
amount or type of damages, compensation or benefits payable by or for the Design-Builder,
the









Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05



12
















Architect or a Contractor or a Subcontractor under workers’ compensation acts,
disability benefit acts or other employee benefit acts,



ARTICLE A.4 DISPUTE RESOLUTION§A 4.1 CLAIMS AND DISPUTES



§
A.4.1.1 Definition. A Claim is a demand or assertion by one of the parties seeking, as a matter
of right, adjustment or interpretation of Design-Build Contract terms, payment of money, extension of time or other
relief with respect to the terms of the Design-Build Contract. The term “Claim” also includes other disputes and matters
in question between the Owner and Design-Builder arising out of or relating to the Design-Build Contract.
Claims must be initiated by written notice. The responsibility to substantiate Claims shall rest with the party
making the Claim.



§
A.4.1.2 Time Limits on Claims. Claims by either party must be initiated within 21 days after
occurrence of the event giving rise to such Claim or within 21 days after the claimant first recognizes the
condition giving rise to the Claim, whichever is later. Claims must be initiated by
written notice to the other party.



§
A.4.1.3 Continuing Performance. Pending final resolution of a Claim, except as
otherwise agreed in writing or as provided in Section A.9.7.1
and Article A. 14, The
Design-Builder shall proceed diligently with performance of the Design-Build Contract and
the Owner shall continue to make payments in accordance with the
Design-Build Documents.



§
A.4.1.4 Claims for Concealed or Unknown Conditions. If conditions
are encountered at
the site which are (1) subsurface or otherwise concealed physical conditions which
differ materially from those indicated in the Design-Build Documents or (2) unknown
physical conditions of an unusual nature which differ materially from those ordinarily
found to exist and generally recognized as inherent in construction activities of the
character provided for in the Design-Build Documents, then the observing party shall give
notice to the other party promptly before conditions are disturbed and in no event later
than 21 days after first observance of the conditions. The Owner shall promptly
investigate such conditions and, if they differ materially and cause an increase or
decrease in the Design-Builder’s cost of, or time required for,
performance of any part of
the Work, an equitable adjustment in the Contract Sum or Contract Time, or both, shall be
made. If the Owner determines that the conditions at the site are not materially different
from those indicated in the Design-Build Documents and that no change in the terms of the
Design-Build Contract is justified, the Owner shall so notify the Design-Builder in
writing, stating the reasons. Claims by the Design-Builder in opposition to such
determination must be made within 21 days after the Owner has given notice of the
decision. If the conditions encountered are materially different, the Contract Sum and
Contract Time shall be equitably adjusted, but if the Owner and Design-Builder cannot
agree on an adjustment in the Contract Sum or Contract Tittle, the adjustment shall
proceed pursuant to Section A.4.2.



§
A.4.1.5 Claims for Additional Cost. If the Design-Builder wishes to make Claim for an
increase in the Contract Sum, written notice as provided herein shall be given before
proceeding to execute the Work. Prior notice is not required for Claims relating to an
emergency endangering life or property arising under Section A. 10.6.



§
A.4.1.6 If the Design-Buldier believes additional cost is involved for reasons
including but not limited to (1) an order by the Owner to stop- the Work where the
Design-Builder was not at fault, (2) a written, order for the Work issued by the Owner,
(3) failure of payment by the Owner, (4) termination of the Design-Build Contract by the
Owner, (5) Owner’s suspension or (6) other reasonable
grounds, Claim shall be filed in
accordance with this Section A.4.I.



§
A.4.1.7 Claims for Additional Time



§
A.4.1.7.1 If the Design-Builder wishes to make Claim for an increase in the Contract
Time, written notice as provided herein shall be given. The Design-Builder’s Claim shall
include an estimate of the time and its effect on the progress of the
Work. In the case
of a continuing delay, only one Claim is necessary.



§
A.4.1.7.2 If adverse weather conditions are the basis for a Claim for additional time,
such Claim shall be documented by data substantiating that weather conditions were
abnormal for the period of time, could not have been reasonably anticipated and had an
adverse effect on the scheduled construction.



§
A.4.1.8 Injury or Damage to Person or Property. If either party to the Design-Build
Contract suffers injury or damage to person or property because of an act or omission of
the other party or of others for whose acts such party is legally










Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05





13
















responsible, written notice of such injury or damage, whether or not insured, shall be given
to the other party within a reasonable time not exceeding
21 days after discovery, The notice
shall provide sufficient detail to enable the other party to
investigate the matter.



§
A.4.1.9 If unit prices are stated in the Design-Build Documents or subsequently agreed upon,
and if quantities originally contemplated are materially changed in a proposed Change Order or
Construction Change Directive so that application of such unit prices to quantities of Work
proposed will cause .substantial inequity to the Owner or Design-Builder, the applicable unit
prices shall be equitably adjusted.



§
A.4.1.10 Claims for Consequential Damages. Design-Builder and Owner waive Claims against
each other for consequential damages arising out of or relating to
the Design-Build Contract.
This mutual waiver includes:




1	 	damages incurred by the Owner for rental expenses, for
losses of use, income, profit, financing, business and reputation, and for loss of management
or employee productivity or of the services of such persons; and

2	 	damages incurred by the Design-Builder for principal office expenses
including the compensation of personnel stationed there, for losses of financing,
business and reputation, and for loss of profit except anticipated profit arising
directly from the Work.





This mutual waiver is applicable, without limitation, to all consequential damages due to
either party’s termination in accordance with Article A. 14, except paragraph 14.4. Nothing
contained in this Section A. 4.1.10 shall be deemed to preclude an award of liquidated direct
damages, when applicable, in accordance with the requirements of the
Design-Build Documents.



§
A.4.1.11 If the enactment or revision of codes, laws or regulations or official
interpretations which govern the Project cause an increase or decrease of the Design-Builder’s
cost of, or time required for, performance of the Work, the Design-Builder shall be entitled
to an equitable adjustment in Contract Sura or Contract Time. If the Owner and Design-Builder
cannot agree upon an adjustment in the Contract Sum or Contract Time, the Design-Builder shall
submit a Claim pursuant to Section A,4.1,



§
A.4.2 RESOLUTION OF CLAIMS AND DISPUTES




(Paragraph deleted)




§
A.4.2.1 If a dispute arises out of or relates to the Agreement or its breach, the parties
shall endeavor to settle the dispute first through direct discussions between the parties’
representatives who have final authority to settle the dispute. If the parties’
representatives are not able to promptly settle the dispute. the executives of the parties,
who shall have the authority to settle the dispute, shall meet within
twenty-one (21) days
after the dispute first arises. If the dispute is not settled within seven (7) days from the
referral of the dispute to the parties’ executives, the parties shall submit the dispute to
mediation in accordance with paragraph 4.2.



§ A.4.2.2





§ A.4.2.3



(Paragraphs deleted)




§
A.4.2.4 In the event of a Claim against the Design-Builder, the Owner may, but is not
obligated to, notify the surety, if any, of the nature and amount of the Claim. If she Claim
relates to a possibility of a Design-Builder’s default, the Owner nay, but is not obligated
to, notify the surety and request the surety’s assistance in resolving the controversy.



§
A.4.2.5 If a Claim relates to or is the subject of a mechanic’s lien, the party
asserting such Claim may proceed in accordance with applicable law to comply with the lien
notice or filing deadlines prior to initial resolution of the Claim.



§ A.4.3 MEDIATION



§ A.4.3.1 Any Claim arising out of or related to the Design-Build Contract, except those waived as
provided for in Sections A.4.1.10, A.9.1.0.4 and A.9.10.5, shall, after initial decision of the Claim or 30 days
after submission of the











Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05






14
















Claim for initial decision, be subject to mediation as a condition precedent to
arbitration or the institution of legal or equitable or other binding dispute resolution
proceedings by either party.



§
A.4.3.2 The parties shall endeavor to resolve their Claims by mediation which, unless
the parties mutually agree otherwise, shall be in accordance with the Construction
Industry Mediation Rules of the American Arbitration Association currently in effect at
the time of the mediation. Request for mediation shall be filed in writing with the other
party to the Design-Build Contract and with the American Arbitration
Association. The
request may be made concurrently with the filing of a demand for arbitration or other
binding dispute resolution proceedings but, in such event, mediation shall proceed in
advance thereof or of legal or equitable proceedings, which shall be stayed pending
mediation for a period of 60 days from the date of filing, unless stayed tor a longer
period by agreement of the parties or court order.



§
A.4.3.3 The parties shall share the mediator’s fee and any filing fees equally. The
mediation shall be held in the place where the Project is located, unless another location
is mutually agreed upon. Agreements readed in mediation shall be enforceable as settlement
agreements in any court having jurisdiction thereof.



§A.4.4 ARBITRATION




§
A.4.4.1 Claims, except those waived as provided for in
Sections A.4.1.10, A.9.10.4
and A.9.10.5, for which initial decisions have not become final and binding, and which
have not been resolved by mediation but which arc subject to arbitration pursuant to
Sections 6.2 and 6.3 of the Agreement or elsewhere in the Design-Build Documents, shall be
decided by arbitration which, unless the parties mutually agree otherwise, shall be in
accordance with the Construction Industry Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration
Association currently in effect at the time of the arbitration. The demand for arbitration
shall be filed in writing with the other party to the Design-Build Contract and with the
American Arbitration Association.



§
A.4.4.2 A demand for arbitration may be made no earlier than
concurrently with the filing
of a request for mediation, but in no event shall it be made after the date when
institution of legal or equitable proceedings based on such Claim would be barred by the
applicable statute of limitations as determined pursuant to Section A. 13.6.



§
A.4.4.3 An arbitration pursuant to this Section A.4.4 may be joined with an arbitration
involving common issues of law or fact between the Owner or Design-Builder and any person
or entity with whom the Owner or Design-Builder has a contractual obligation to arbitrate
disputes which does not prohibit consolidation or joinder. No other arbitration arising
out of or relating to the Design-Build Contract shall include, by consolidation, joinder
or in any other manner, an additional person or entity not a party to the Design-Build
Contract or not a party to an agreement with the Owner or Design-Builder, except by
written consent containing a specific reference to the Design-Build Contract signed by the
Owner and Design-Builder and any other person or entities sought to
be joined. Consent to
arbitration involving an additional person or entity shall not constitute consent to
arbitration of any claim, dispute or other matter in question not described in the written
consent or with a person or entity not named or described therein. The foregoing
agreement to arbitrate and other agreements to arbitrate with an additional person or
entity duty consented to by the parties to the Agreement shall be specifically
enforceable in accordance with applicable law in any court having
jurisdiction thereof.



§
A.4.4.4 Claims and Timely Assertion of Claims. The party filing a notice of demand for
arbitration must assert in the demand all Claims then known to that party on which
arbitration is permitted to be demanded.



§
A.4.4.5 Judgment on Final Award. The award rendered by the arbitrator or arbitrators
shall be final, and judgment may be entered upon it in accordance with applicable law in
any court having jurisdiction thereof.



ARTICLE
A.5 AWARD OF CONTRACTS





§ A.5.1 Unless otherwise stated in the Design-Build Documents or the bidding or proposal
requirements, the Design-Builder, as soon as practicable after award of the Design-Build
Contract, shall furnish in writing to the Owner the names of additional persons or
entities not originally included in the Design-Builder’s proposal or in substitution of a
person or entity (including those who are to furnish design services or materials or
equipment fabricated to a special design) proposed for each principal
portion of the Work.
In order to achieve the schedule to which the Owner has agreed, the Design/Builder may
commence work with the entities that it has selected and shall provide the Owner with the list
of persons or entities described above. Should the Owner
object to any such person or entity, the Owner shall advise the
Design/Builder promptly of the Owner’s objection
in writing. To the extent.











Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05





15



















practicable
and cosistent  with the need to meet the schedule approved by the
Owner, the
Desigin/Builder shall provide the Owner with a list of persons or
entities proposed to perform the Work
including allowance work, prior to the Design/Builder entering into a
contract with such persons or entities. Failure of the Owner to reply shall
constitute notice of no reasonable objection.



§
A.5.2 The Design-Builder shall not contract with a proposed person or entity to whom
which the Owner has made reasonable and timely objection. The Design-Builder shall not be
required to contract with anyone to whom the Design-Builder has made reasonable objection.



§
A.5.3 If the Owner has reasonable objection to a person or entity proposed by the
Design-Builder, the Design-Builder shall propose another to whom the Owner has no reasonable
objection. If the proposed but rejected additional person or entity was reasonably capable of
performing the Work, the Contract Sum and Contract Time shall be increased or decreased by the
difference, if any, occasioned by such change, and an appropriate Change Order shall be issued
before commencement of the substitute person’s or entity’s Work. However, no increase in the
Contract Sum or Contract Time shall be allowed for such change unless she Design-Builder has
acted promptly and responsively in submitting names as required.



§
A.5.4 The Design-Builder shall not change a person or entity previously selected if the
Owner makes reasonable objection to .such substitute.



§
A.5.5 CONTINGENT ASSIGNMENT OF CONTRACTS


§
A.5.5.1 Each agreement for a portion of the Work is assigned by the Design-Builder
to the Owner provided that:




.1	 	assignment is effective only after termination of
the Design-Build Contract by the Owner for cause pursuant to
Section A. 14.2 and only
for those agreements which the Owner accepts by notifying the
contractor in writing;
and

.2	 	assignment is subject to the prior tights of the surety, if any,
obligated under bond relating to the Design-Build Contract.





§
A.5.5.2 Upon such assignment, if the Work has been suspended for more than 30
days, the Contractor’s compensation shall be equitably adjusted for increases in
cost resulting from the suspension.



ARTICLE
A.6 CONSTRUCTION BY OWNER OR BY SEPARATE CONTRACTORS



§
A.6.1 OWNER’S RIGHT TO PERFORM CONSTRUCTION AND TO AWARD
SEPARATE CONTRACTS



§
A.6.1.1 The Owner reserves the right to perform construction or operations related to the Project
with the Owner’s own forces and to award separate contracts in connection with other portions of the Project or
other construction or operations on the site. The Design-Builder shall cooperate with the Owner and separate contractors
whose work might interfere with the Design-Builder’s Work. If the Design-Builder claims that delay or
additional cost is involved because of such action by the Owner, the Design-Builder shall make such Claim as provided
in Section



A.4.1.



§
A.6.1.2 The term “separate contractor’’ shall mean any contractor retained by the
Owner pursuant to Section

A.6.1.1.



§
A.6.1.3 The Owner shall provide for coordination of the activities of the Owner’s own forces
and of each separate contractor with the work of the Design-Builder, who shall cooperate with
them. The Design-Builder shall participate with other separate contractors and the Owner in
reviewing their construction schedules when directed to do so.



§A.6.2 MUTUAL RESPONSIBILITY



§
A.6.2.1 The Design-Builder shall afford the Owner and separate contractors reasonable
opportunity for introduction and storage of their materials and equipment and performance
of their activities and shall connect and coordinate the Design-Builder’s construction and
operations with theirs as required by the Design-Build Documents.



§
A.6.2.2 If part of the Design-Builder’s Work depends for proper execution or results
upon design, construction or operations by the Owner or a separate contractor, the
Design-Builder shall, prior to proceeding with that portion of the Work, promptly report
to the Owner apparent discrepancies or defects in such other construction that would
render it unsuitable for such proper execution and results. Failure of the Design-Builder
so to report shall constitute an acknowledgment that the Owner’s or separate contractor’s completed or
partially completed construction is fit and proper to receive the Design-Builder’s Work,
except as to defects not then reasonably discoverable.










Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05




16















§ A.6.2.3 The Owner shall be reimbursed by the Design-Builder for costs incurred by the
Owner which are payable to a separate contractor because of delays, improperly timed
activities or defective construction of the Design-Builder. The Owner shall be responsible
to the Design-Builder for costs incurred by the Design-Builder because of delays,
improperly timed activities, damage to the Work or defective construction of a separate
contractor.



§ A.6.2.4 The Design-Builder shall promptly remedy damage wrongfully caused by the
Design-Builder to completed or partially completed construction or to properly of the
Owner or separate contractors.



§
A.6.2.5 The Owner and each separate contractor shall have the same responsibilities for
cutting and patching as are described in Section A.3.13.



§
A.6.3 OWNER’S RIGHT TO CLEAN UP



§ A.6.3.1 If a dispute arises among the Design-Builder, separate contractors and the
Owner as to the responsibility under their respective contracts for maintaining the
premises and surrounding area free from waste materials and rubbish, the Owner may clean
up and the Owner shall allocate the cost among those responsible.



ARTICLE A.7 CHANGES IN THE WORK



§ A.7.1 GENERAL



§
A.7.1.1 Changes in the Work may be accomplished after execution of the Design-Build Contract,
and without invalidating the Design-Build Contract, by Change Order or Construction Change Directive, subject
to the limitations stated in this Article A.7 and elsewhere in the Design-Build Documents.



§ A.7.1.2 A Change Order shall be based upon agreement between the Owner and
Design-Builder. A Construction Change Directive may be issued by the Owner with or
without agreement by the Design-Builder.



§ A.7.1.3 Changes in the Work shall be performed under applicable provisions of the
Design-Build Documents, and the Design-Builder shall proceed promptly, unless otherwise
provided in the Change Order or Construction Change Directive.



§A.7.2 CHANGE ORDERS



§
A.7.2.1 A Change Order is a written instrument signed by the Owner and Design-Builder stating
their agreement upon all of the following:




.1	 	a change in the Work;

.2	 	the amount of the adjustment, if any, in the Contract Sum; and

.3	 	the extent of the adjustment, if any, in the Contract Time.





§ A.7.2.2 If the Owner requests a proposal for a change in the Work from the Design-Builder
and subsequently elects not to proceed with the change, a Change Order shall be issued to
reimburse the Design-Builder for any costs incurred for estimating services, design services
or preparation of proposed revisions to the Design-Build Documents.



§
A.7.2.3 Methods used in determining adjustments to the Contract Sum may include those listed in
Section A.7.3.3.



§
A.7.3 CONSTRUCTION CHANGE DIRECTIVES



§
A.7.3.1 A Construction Change Directive is a written order signed by the Owner directing
a change in the Work prior to agreement on adjustment, if any, in the Contract Sum or
Contract Time, or both. The Owner may by Construction Change Directive, without
invalidating the Design-Build Contract, order changes in the Work within the general scope
of the Design-Build Documents consisting of additions, deletions or other revisions, the
Contract Sum and Contract Time being adjusted accordingly.



§ A.7.3.2 A Construction Change Directive shall be used in the absence of total agreement
on the terms of a Change Order.



§ A.7.3.3 If the Construction Change Directive provides for an adjustment to the Contract
Sum, the adjustment shall be based on one of the following methods:










Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05




17



















.1	 	mutual acceptance of a lump sum properly itemized and
supported by sufficient
substantiating data to permit evaluation;

.2	 	unit prices stated in the Design-Build Documents or
subsequently agreed upon, or equitably adjusted as provided in Section A.4.1.9;

.3	 	cost to be determined in a manner agreed upon by the parties and a mutually acceptable fixed or
percentage fee; or

.4	 	as provided in Section A.7.3.6.





§
A.7.3.4 Upon receipt of a Construction Change Directive, the Design-Builder shall
promptly proceed with the change in the Work involved and advise the Owner of the
Design-Builder’s agreement or disagreement with the method, if any, provided in the
Construction Change Directive for determining the proposed adjustment in the Contract
Sum or Contract Time.



§
A.7.3.5 A Construction Change Directive signed by the Design-Builder indicates the
agreement of the Design-Builder therewith, including adjustment in Contract Sum and Contract
Time or the method for determining them. Such agreement shall be effective immediately and
shall be recorded as a Change Order.



§
A. 7.3.6 If the Design-Builder does not respond promptly or disagrees with the method for
adjustment in the Contract Sum, the method and the adjustment shall
be based on the
reasonable expenditures and savings of those performing the Work attributable to the change,
including, in case of an increase in the Contract Sum, fifteen
percent (15%) markup as the
allowance for overhead and profit. In such case, and also under
Section A.7.3.3.3, the
Design-Builder shall keep and present, in such form as the Owner may prescribe, an itemized
accounting together with appropriate supporting data. Unless otherwise provided in the
Design-Build Documents, costs for the purposes of this Section A.7.3.6 shall be limited to
the following:




.1	 	additional costs of professional services;

.2	 	costs of labor, including social security, old age and
unemployment insurance, fringe benefits
required by agreement or custom, and workers’ compensation
insurance;

.3	 	costs of materials, supplies and equipment, including cost of
transportation, whether incorporated or consumed;

.4	 	rental costs of machinery and equipment, exclusive of hand tools, whether
rented from the Design-Builder or others;

.5	 	cose of premiums for all bonds and
insurance, permit fees, and sates, use or similar taxes related to
the Work; and





§
A.7.3.7.6   additional costs of supervision, field office personnel, and other direct job site, or
“General Conditions,” costs directly’ attributable to the change.



§
A.7.3.7 The amount of credit to be allowed by the Design-Builder to the Owner for a
deletion or change that results in a net decrease in the Contract Sum shall be actual net
cost. When both additions and credits covering related Work or substitutions are involved in
a change, the allowance for overhead and profit shall be figured on the basis of net
increase, if any, with respect to that change.



§A.7.3.8 Pending final determination of the total cost of a Construction Change Directive to
the Owner, amounts not in dispute for such changes in the Work, shall be included in
Applications for Payment accompanied by a Change Order indicating the parties agreement with
part or all of such costs. For any portion of such cost that remains
in dispute, the Owner
shall make an interim determination for purposes of monthly payment
for those costs. That
determination of cost shall adjust the Contract Sum on the same basis as a Change Order,
subject to the right of the Design-Builder to disagree and assert a Claim in accordance with
Article A. 4.



§
A.7.3.9 When the Owner and Design-Builder reach agreement concerning the adjustments in the
Contract Sum and Contract Time or otherwise reach agreement upon the adjustments, such
agreement shall be effective immediately and shall be recorded by preparation and execution
of an appropriate Change Order.



§
A.7.4 MINOR CHANGES IN THE WORK



§
A.7.4.1 The Owner shall have authority to order minor changes in the Work not involving
adjustment in the Contract Sum or extension of the Contract Time and not inconsistent
with the intent of the Design-Build Documents. Such changes shall be effected by written
order and shall be binding on the Design-Builder. The Design-Builder shall carry out such
written orders promptly.










Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05




18




















ARTICLE A.8 TIME




§A.B.1 DEFINITIONS



§ A.8.1.1 The Work shall be commenced, and Substantial Completion shall be achieved, by
the dates indicated in the
Project Schedule. Unless otherwise provided. Contract Time is the period of time, including
authorized adjustments,
allotted in the Design-Build Documents for Substantial Completion of the Work.




§ A.8.1.2 The date of commencement of the Work shall be the date stated in
the Project Schedule.



(Paragraph deleted)



§ A.8.1.3 The date of Substantial Completion is the stage in the progress of the Work when
the Work or designated portion thereof is sufficiently complete in accordance with the
Design-Build Documents so the Owner can occupy or utilize the Work for the use indicated
by the Design-Build Documents.



§ A.8.1.4 The term “day” as used in the Design-Build Documents shall mean calendar
day unless otherwise specifically defined.



§ A.8.2 PROGRESS AND COMPLETION



§ A.8.2.1 Time limits stated in the Design-Build Documents are of the essence of
the Design-Build Contract. By executing the Design-Build Contract, the Design-Builder
confirms that the Contract Time is a reasonable period for performing the Work.



§ A.8.2.2 The Design-Builder shall not knowingly, except by agreement or instruction
of the Owner in writing, prematurely commence construction operations on the site or
elsewhere prior to the effective date of insurance required by Article A. 11 to be
furnished by the Design-Builder and Owner. The date of commencement of the Work shall
not be changed by the effective date of such insurance.



§ A.8.2.3 The Design-Builder shall proceed expeditiously with adequate forces and
shall achieve Substantial Completion within the Contract Time.



§ A.8.3 DELAYS AND EXTENSIONS OF TIME



§ A.8.3.1 If the Design-Builder is delayed at any time in the commencement or progress
of the Work by an act or
neglect of the Owner or of a separate contractor employed by the Owner, or by changes ordered
in the Work, or by
labor disputes, fire, unusual delay in deliveries, unavoidable casualties or other causes
beyond the Design-Builder’s
control, or by delay authorized by the Owner pending resolution of disputes pursuant to the
Design-Build
Documents, or by other causes which the Owner determines may justify delay , then the Contract
Time shall be
extended by Change Order for such reasonable time as the Owner may determine.



§ A.8.3.2 Claims relating to time shall be made in accordance with applicable provisions of
Section A.4.1.7.



§ A.8.3.3 This Section A.8.3 does not preclude recovery of damages for delay by either
party under other provisions of the Design-Build Documents.



ARTICLE A.9 PAYMENTS AND COMPLETION



§ A.9.1 CONTRACT SUM



§ A.9.1.1 The Contract Sum is stated in the Design-Build Documents and, including
authorized adjustments, is the
total amount payable by the Owner to the Design-Builder for performance of the Work under the
Design-Build
Documents.



§ A.9.2 SCHEDULE OF VALUES



§ A.9.2.1 Before the first Application for Payment, the Design-Builder shall
submit to the Owner an initial schedule of values allocated to various portions of the
Work prepared in such form and supported by such data to substantiate its accuracy as
the Owner may require. This schedule, unless objected to by the Owner, shall be used
as a basis for reviewing the Design-Builder’s Applications for Payment. The schedule
of values may be updated periodically to reflect changes in the allocation of the
Contract Sum.












Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05




19



















§ A.9.3 APPLICATIONS FOR PAYMENT



§ A.9.3.1 At least ten days before the date established for each progress
payment, the Design-Builder shall submit to the Owner an itemized Application for
Payment for operations completed in accordance with the current schedule of values.
Such application shall be notarized, if required, and reflect retainage if provided
for in the Design-Build Documents: If required by the Owner, the Design-Builder shall
provide a lien waiver in the amount of the Application for Payment and lien waivers
from its Contractors for the completed Work. The lien waivers shall be conditional
upon payment. The Design -Builder shall be required to submit supporting
documentation to reconcile costs and expenses for allowance items listed in Exhibit
E.



§ A.9.3.1.1 As provided in Section A.7.3.8, such applications may include
requests for payment on account of Changes in the Work which have been properly
authorized by Construction Change Directives but are not yet included in Change
Orders.



§ A.9.3.1.2 Such applications may not include requests for payment for portions of
the Work for which the Design-Builder does not intend to pay to a Contractor or
material supplier or other parties providing services for the Design-Builder, unless
such Work has been performed by others whom the Design-Builder intends to pay.



§ A.9,3.2 Unless otherwise provided in the Design-Build Documents, payments shall be
made on account of materials and equipment delivered and suitably stored at the site
for subsequent incorporation in the Work. If approved in advance by the Owner,
payment may similarly be made for materials and equipment suitably stored off the
site at a location agreed upon in writing. Payment for materials and equipment stored
on or off the site shall be conditioned upon compliance by the Design-Builder with
procedures satisfactory to the Owner to establish the Owner’s title to such materials
and equipment or otherwise protect the Owner’s interest and shall include the costs
of applicable insurance, storage and transportation to the site for such materials
and equipment stored off the site.



§ A.9.3.3 The Design-Builder warrants that title to all Work other than Instruments
of Service covered by an Application for Payment will pass to the Owner no later than
the time of payment. The Design-Builder further warrants that, upon submittal of an
Application for Payment, all Work for which Certificates for Payment have been
previously issued and payments received from the Owner shall, to the best of the
Design-Builder’s knowledge, information and belief, be free and clear of liens,
Claims, security interests or encumbrances in favor of the Design-Builder,
Contractors, Subcontractors, material suppliers, or other persons or entities making
a claim by reason of having provided labor, materials and equipment relating to the
Work.



§ A.9.4 ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF APPLICATION FOR PAYMENT



§ A.9.4.1 The Owner shall, within seven days after receipt of the
Design-Builder’s Application for Payment, issue to the Design-Builder a written
acknowledgement of receipt of the Design-Builder’s Application for Payment indicating
the amount the Owner has determined to be properly due and, if applicable, the
reasons for withholding payment in whole or in part.



§ A.9.5 DECISIONS TO WITHHOLD PAYMENT



§ A.9.5.1 The Owner may withhold a payment in whole or in part to the extent
reasonably necessary to protect the Owner due to the Owner’s determination that the
Work has not progressed to the point indicated in the Application for Payment or that
the quality of Work is not in accordance with the Design-Build Documents. The Owner
may also withhold a payment or, because of subsequently discovered evidence, may
nullify the whole or a part of an Application for Payment previously issued to such
extent as may be necessary to protect the Owner from loss for which the
Design-Builder is responsible, including loss resulting from acts and omissions,
because of the following:





.1	 	defective Work not remedied;

.2	 	third-party
claims filed or reasonable evidence indicating probable filing of such claims unless
security acceptable to the Owner is provided by the Design-Builder;

.3	 	failure of the Design-Builder to make payments properly to Contractors or for
design services labor,
materials or equipment;

.4	 	reasonable evidence that the Work cannot be completed for the unpaid
balance of the Contract Sum;

.5	 	damage to the Owner or a separate
contractor;

.6	 	reasonable evidence that the Work will not be completed
within the Contract Time and that the
unpaid balance would not be adequate to cover actual or liquidated damages for
the anticipated delay; or

.7	 	persistent failure to carry out the Work in
accordance with the Design-Build Documents.












Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05




20














§ A.9.5.2 When the above reasons for withholding payment are removed, payment
will be made for amounts previously withheld.



§ A.9.6 PROGRESS PAYMENTS



§ A.9.6.1 After the Owner has issued a written acknowledgement of receipt of the
Design-Builder’s Application for Payment, the Owner shall make payment of the amount,
in the manner and within the time provided in the Design-Build Documents.



§ A.9.6.2 The Design-Builder shall promptly pay the Architect, each design professional
and other consultants retained directly by the Design-Builder, upon receipt of payment
from the Owner, out of the amount paid to the Design-Builder on account of each such
party’s respective portion of the Work, the amount to which each such party is entitled.



§ A.9.6.3 The Design-Builder shall promptly pay each Contractor, upon receipt of
payment from the Owner, out of the amount paid to the Design-Builder on account of
such Contractor’s portion of the Work, the amount to which said Contractor is
entitled, reflecting percentages actually retained from payments to the Design-Builder
on account of the Contractor’s portion of the Work. The Design-Builder shall, by
appropriate agreement with each Contractor, require each Contractor to make payments
to Subcontractors in a similar manner.



§ A.9.6.4 The Owner shall have no obligation to pay or to see to the payment of money to a
Contractor except as may otherwise be required by law.



§ A.9.6.5 Payment to material suppliers shall be treated in a manner similar to that
provided in Sections A.9.6.3 and A.9.6.4.



§ A.9.6.6 A progress payment, or partial or entire use or occupancy of the Project by
the Owner, shall not constitute acceptance of Work not in accordance with the
Design-Build Documents.



§ A.9.6.7 Unless the Design-Builder provides the Owner with a payment bond in the full
penal sum of the Contract Sum, payments received by the Design-Builder for Work
properly performed by Contractors and suppliers shall be held by the Design-Builder
for those Contractors or suppliers who performed Work or furnished materials, or both,
under contract with the Design-Builder for which payment was made by the Owner.
Nothing contained herein shall require money to be placed in a separate account and
not be commingled with money of the Design-Builder, shall create any fiduciary
liability or tort liability on the part of the Design-Builder for breach of trust or
shall entitle any person or entity to an award of punitive damages against the
Design-Builder for breach of the requirements of this provision.



§ A.9.7 FAILURE OF PAYMENT



§ A.9.7.1 If for reasons other than those enumerated in Section A.9.5.1, the Owner does
not issue a payment within
the time period required by Section 5.1.3 of the Agreement, then the Design-Builder may, upon
seven additional
days’ written notice to the Owner, stop the Work until payment of the amount owing has been
received. The
Contract Time shall be extended appropriately and the Contract Sum shall be increased by the
amount of the
Design-Builder’s reasonable costs of shutdown, delay and start-up, plus interest as provided
for in the Design-Build Documents.



§ A.9.8 SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION



§ A.9.8.1 Substantial Completion is the stage in the progress of the Work when the
Work or designated portion thereof is sufficiently complete in accordance with the
Design-Build Documents so that the Owner can occupy or use the Work or a portion
thereof for its intended use indicated by the Design-Build Documents.



§ A.9.8.2 When the Design-Builder considers that the Work, or a portion thereof which the
Owner agrees to accept separately, is substantially complete, the Design-Builder shall
prepare and submit to the Owner a comprehensive list of items to be completed or corrected
prior to final payment. Failure to include an item on such list does not alter the
responsibility of the Design-Builder to complete all Work in accordance with the
Design-Build Documents.










Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05





21

















§ A.9.8.3 Upon receipt of the Design-Builder’s list, the Owner shall make an
inspection to determine whether the Work or designated portion thereof is
substantially complete. If the Owner’s inspection discloses any item, whether or not
included on the Design-Builder’s list, which is not substantially complete, the
Design-Builder shall complete or correct such item. In such case, the Design-Builder
shall then submit a request for another inspection by the Owner to determine whether
the Design-Builder’s Work is substantially complete.



§ A.9.8.4 In the event of a dispute regarding whether the Design-Builder’s Work is
substantially complete, the dispute shall be resolved pursuant to Article A.4.



§ A.9.8.5 When the Work or designated portion thereof is substantially complete, the
Design-Builder shall prepare for the Owner’s signature an Acknowledgement of
Substantial Completion which, if signed by the Owner and the Design-Builder, shall
establish (1) the date of Substantial Completion of the Work, (2) responsibilities
between the Owner and Design-Builder for security, maintenance, heat, utilities,
damage to the Work and insurance, and (3) the time within which the Design-Builder
shall finish all items on the list accompanying the Acknowledgement. When the Owner’s
inspection discloses that the Work or a designated portion thereof is substantially
complete, the Owner shall sign the Acknowledgement of Substantial Completion.
Warranties required by the Design-Build Documents shall commence on the date of
Substantial Completion of the Work or designated portion thereof unless otherwise
provided in the Acknowledgement of Substantial Completion.



§ A.9.8.6 Upon execution of the Acknowledgement of Substantial Completion and consent
of surety, if any, the Owner shall make payment of retainage applying to such Work or
designated portion thereof. Such payment shall be adjusted for Work that is incomplete
or not in accordance with the requirements of the Design-Build Documents.



§ A.9.9 PARTIAL OCCUPANCY OR USE



§ A.9.9.1 The Owner may occupy or use any completed or partially completed
portion of the Work at any stage when such portion is designated by separate agreement
with the Design-Builder, provided such occupancy or use is consented to by the
insurer, if so required by the insurer, and authorized by public authorities having
jurisdiction over the Work. Such partial occupancy or use may commence whether or not
the portion is substantially complete, provided the Owner and Design-Builder have
accepted in writing the responsibilities assigned to each of them for payments,
retainage, if any, security, maintenance, heat, utilities, damage to the Work and
insurance, and have agreed in writing concerning the period for completion or
correction of the Work and commencement of warranties required by the Design-Build
Documents. When the Design-Builder considers a portion substantially complete, the
Design-Builder shall prepare and submit a list to the Owner as provided under Section
A.9.8.2. Consent of the Design-Builder to partial occupancy or use shall not be
unreasonably withheld. The stage of the progress of the Work shall be determined by
written agreement between the Owner and Design-Builder.



§ A.9.9.2 Immediately prior to such partial occupancy or use, the Owner and
Design-Builder shall jointly inspect the area to be occupied or portion of the Work to
be used to determine and record the condition of the Work.



§ A.9.9.3 Unless otherwise agreed upon, partial occupancy or use of a portion or
portions of the Work shall not constitute acceptance of Work not complying with the
requirements of the Design-Build Documents.



§ A.9.10 FINAL COMPLETION AND FINAL
PAYMENT



(Paragraphs deleted)



§ A.9.10.1 Final Payment, constituting the unpaid balance of sums due the
Design-Builder, shall be due and payable upon Substantial Completion. If there remain
items of Work to be completed, the Design-Builder and the Owner shall list such items
and the Design-Builder shall complete the items within a reasonable time thereafter.
The Owner may retain a sum equal one hundred fifty per sent (150%) of the estimated
cost of completing any unfinished items, provided that the unfinished items and the
estimated cost of completing the unfinished items are listed separately. The Owner
shall pay to the Design-Builder, monthly, the amount retained for incomplete items as
each of the items is completed.



§ A.9.10.2 Neither final payment nor any remaining retained percentage will become
due until the Design-Builder submits to the Owner (1) an affidavit that payrolls,
bills for materials and equipment, and other indebtedness connected with the Work
for which the Owner or the Owner’s property might be responsible or encumbered
(less amounts withheld by Owner) will, upon final paymenl, be paid or otherwise
satisfied, (2) a certificate evidencing










Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05





22

















that insurance required by the Design-Build Documents to remain in force after
final payment is currently in effect and will not be cancelled or allowed to expire
until at least 30 days’ prior written notice has been given to the Owner, (3) a written
statement that the Design-Builder knows of no substantial reason that the insurance
will not be renewable to cover the period required by the Design-Build Documents, (4)
consent of surety, if any, to final payment, and (5) if required by the Owner, other
data establishing payment or satisfaction of obligations from payments previously
received by the Design-Builder, such as receipts, releases and waivers of liens,
claims, security interests or encumbrances arising out of the Design-Build Contract, to
the extent and in such form as may be designated by the Owner. If a Contractor refuses
to furnish a release or waiver required by the Owner, the Design-Builder may furnish a
bond satisfactory to the Owner to indemnify the Owner against such lien. If such lien
remains unsatisfied after payments are made, the Design-Builder shall refund to the
Owner the reasonable cost of moneys that the Owner has paid in connection with the
discharge of such lien, including costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees. If the Owner
has made payments as required by the Design-Build Documents, the Design-Builder shall,
within thirty (30) days after filing, cause the removal of any liens filed against the
Project by any party performing labor or services or supplying materials in connection
with the Work. If the Design-Builder fails to take such action, the Owner may cause the
lien to be removed at the Design-Builder’s expense.



§ A.9.10.3 If, after the Design-Builder’s Work or designated portion thereof is
substantially completed, final completion thereof is materially delayed through no
fault of the Design-Builder or by issuance of a Change Order or a Construction Change
Directive affecting final completion, the Owner shall, upon application by the
Design-Builder, make payment of the balance due for that portion of the Work fully
completed and accepted. Such payment shall be made under terms and conditions governing
final payment, except that it shall not constitute a waiver of claims.



§ A.9.10.4 The making of final payment shall constitute a waiver of Claims by
the Owner except those arising from;





.1	 	liens, Claims, security interests or
encumbrances arising out of the Design-Build Documents and
unsettled;

.2	 	failure of the Work to comply with the requirements of
the Design-Build Documents; or

.3	 	terms of special warranties
required by the Design-Build Documents.




§ A.9.10.5 Acceptance of final payment by the Design-Builder, a Contractor or
material supplier shall constitute a waiver of claims by that payee except those
previously made in writing and identified by thai payee as unsettled at the time of
final Application for Payment.



ARTICLE A.10 PROTECTION OF PERSONS AND PROPERTY



§ A.10.1 SAFETY PRECAUTIONS AND PROGRAMS



§ A.10.1.1 The Design-Builder and its Contractors shall be responsible for initiating
and maintaining all safety
precautions and programs in connection with the performance of the Design-Build Contract.



§ A.10.2 SAFETY OF PERSONS AND PROPERTY



§ A.10.2.1 The Design-Builder and its Contractors shall take reasonable precautions for
safety of, and shall provide
reasonable protection to prevent damage, injury or loss to:





.1	 	employees on the Work and other persons who may be affected thereby;

.2	 	the Work and materials and equipment to be incorporated therein, whether
in storage on or off the site or under the care, custody or control of the
Design-Builder or the Design-Builder’s Contractors or Subcontractors; and

.3	 	other property at the site or adjacent thereto, such as trees, shrubs, lawns,
walks, pavements,
roadways, structures and utilities not designated for removal, relocation or
replacement in the course of construction.




§ A.10.2.2 The Design-Builder shall give notices and comply with applicable laws,
ordinances, rules, regulations and lawful orders of public authorities bearing on
safety of persons or property or their protection from damage, injury or loss.



§ A.10.2.3 The Design-Builder shall erect and maintain, as required by existing
conditions and performance of the Design-Build Documents, reasonable safeguards for
safety and protection, including posting danger signs and other warnings against
hazards, promulgating safety regulations and notifying owners and users of adjacent
sites and utilities.











Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05





23


















§
A.10.2.4 When use or storage of explosives or other hazardous materials
or equipment or unusual methods are necessary for execution of the Work, the
Design-Builder shall exercise utmost care and carry on such activities under
supervision of properly qualified personnel.



§ A.10.2.5 The Design-Builder shall promptly remedy damage and loss (other than damage
or loss insured under property insurance required by the Design-Build Documents) to
property referred to in Sections A. 10.2.1.2 and A. 10.2.1.3 caused in whole or in part
by the Design-Builder, the Architect, a Contractor, a Subcontractor, or anyone directly
or indirectly employed by any of them or by anyone for whose acts they may be liable
and for which the Design-Builder is responsible under Sections A. 10.2.1.2 and A.
10.2.1.3, except damage or loss attributable to acts or omissions of the Owner or
anyone directly or indirectly employed by the Owner, or by anyone for whose acts the
Owner may be liable, and not attributable to the fault or negligence of the
Design-Builder. The foregoing obligations of the Design-Builder are in addition to the
Design-Builder’s obligations under Section A.3.17.



§ A.10.2.6 The Design-Builder shall designate in writing to the Owner a responsible
individual whose duty shall be the prevention of accidents,



§ A.10.2.7 The Design-Builder shall not load or permit any part of the
construction or site to be loaded so as to endanger its safety.



§ A.10.3 HAZARDOUS MATERIALS




§ A.10.3.1 If reasonable precautions will be inadequate to prevent foreseeable
bodily injury or death to persons resulting from a material or substance, including
but not limited to asbestos or polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB), encountered on the
site by the Design-Builder, the Design-Builder shall, upon recognizing the
condition, immediately stop Work in the affected area and report the condition to
the Owner.



§ A.10.3.2 The Owner shall obtain the services of a licensed laboratory to verify the
presence or absence of the material or substance reported by the Design-Builder and, in
the event such material or substance is found to be present, to verify that it has been
rendered harmless. Unless otherwise required by the Design-Build Documents, the Owner
shall furnish in writing to the Design-Builder the names and qualifications of persons
or entities who are to perform tests verifying the presence or absence of such material
or substance or who are to perform the task of removal or safe containment of such
material or substance. The Design-Builder shall promptly reply to the Owner in writing
stating whether or not the Design-Builder has reasonable objection to the persons or
entities proposed by the Owner. If the Design-Builder has an objection to a person or
entity proposed by the Owner, the Owner shall propose another to whom the
Design-Builder has no reasonable objection. When the material or substance has been
rendered harmless, work in the affected area shall resume upon written agreement of the
Owner and Design-Builder. The Contract Time shall be extended appropriately, and the
Contract Sum shall be increased in the amount of the Design-Builder’s reasonable
additional costs of shutdown, delay and start-up, which adjustments shall be
accomplished as provided in Article A.7.



§ A.10.3.3 To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Owner shall indemnify and hold
harmless the Design-Builder, Contractors, Subcontractors, Architect, Architect’s
consultants and the agents and employees of any of them from and against Claims,
damages, losses and expenses, including but not limited to attorneys’ fees, arising out
of or resulting from performance of the Work in the affected area if in fact the
material or substance exists on site as of the date of the Agreement, is not disclosed
in the Design-Build Documents and presents the risk of bodily injury or death as
described in Section A.10.3.1 and has not been rendered harmless, provided that such
Claim, damage, loss or expense is attributable to bodily injury, sickness, disease or
death or to injury to or destruction of tangible property (other than
the Work itself)
to the extent that such damage, loss or expense is not due to the negligence of the
Design-Builder, Contractors, Subcontractors, Architect, Architect’s consultants and the
agents and employees of any of them.



§ A.10.4 The Owner shall not be responsible under Section A. 10.3 for materials and
substances brought to the site by the Design-Builder unless such materials or
substances were required by the Design-Build Documents.



§ A.10.5 If, without negligence on the part of the Design-Builder, the
Design-Builder is held liable for the cost of remediation of a hazardous material
or substance solely by reason of performing Work as required by the Design-Build
Documents, the Owner shall indemnify the Design-Builder for all cost and expense
thereby incurred.










Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05




24


















§ A.10.6 EMERGENCIES




§ A.10.6.1 In an emergency affecting safety of persons or property, the Design-Builder
shall act, at the Design-Builder’s discretion, to prevent threatened damage, injury or
loss. Additional compensation or extension of time claimed by the Design-Builder on
account of an emergency shall be determined as provided in Section A.4.1.7 and Article
A.7.



ARTICLE A.11 INSURANCE AND BONDS




§ A.11.1 Except as may otherwise be set forth in the Agreement or elsewhere in
the Design-Build Documents, the Owner and Design-Builder shall purchase and maintain
the following types of insurance with limits of liability and deductible amounts and
subject to such terms and conditions, as set forth in this Article A. 11.



§ A.11.2 DESIGN-BUILDER’S LIABILITY INSURANCE




§ A.11.2.1 The Design-Builder shall purchase from and maintain in a company or
companies lawfully authorized to do business in the jurisdiction in which the Project
is located such insurance as will protect the Design-Builder from claims set forth
below that may arise out of or result from the Design-Builder’s operations under the
Design-Build Contract and for which the Design-Builder may be legally liable, whether
such operations be by the Design-Builder, by a Contractor or by anyone directly or
indirectly employed by any of them, or by anyone for whose acts any of them may be
liable:




.1	 	claims under workers’ compensation, disability benefit and other similar
employee benefit acts which
are applicable to the Work to be performed;

.2	 	claims for damages because of bodily injury, occupational sickness or
disease, or death of the Design-Builder’s employees;

.3	 	claims for damages
because of bodily injury, sickness or disease, or death of any person other
than the Design-Builder’s employees;

.4	 	claims for damages insured by usual personal injury liability
coverage;

.5	 	claims for damages, other than to the Work itself,
because of injury to or destruction of tangible
properly, including loss of use resulting therefrom;

.6	 	claims
for damages because of bodily injury, death of a person or property damage
arising out of
ownership, maintenance or use of a motor vehicle;

.7	 	claims for bodily injury or property damage arising out of completed
operations; and

.8	 	claims involving contractual liability insurance
applicable to the Design-Builder’s obligations under Section A.3.17.





§ A.11.2.2 The insurance required by Section A.11.2.1 shall be written for not less
than limits of liability specified in the Design-Build Documents or required by law,
whichever coverage is greater. The insurers must have a minimum AM Best rating of
AVII. All insurance procured or maintained by the Design-Builder shall be primary. Any
insurance maintained by the Owner shall be considered excess and non-contributory.
Coverages, whether written on an occurrence or claims-made basis, shall be maintained
without interruption from date of commencement of the Work until date of final payment
and termination of any coverage required to be maintained after final payment.



§ A.11.2.3 Certificates of insurance acceptable to the Owner shall be filed with the
Owner prior to commencement of the Work. These certificates and the insurance policies
required by this Section A.11.2 shall contain a provision that coverages afforded
under the policies will not be canceled or allowed to expire until at least 30 days’
prior written notice has been given to the Owner. The Certificates for the commercial
general liability, automobile liability and any umbrella or excess liability policies
shall name the Owner as additional insured. The additional insured endorsement shall
state that coverage is afforded the additional insured as primary and
non-contributory. If any of the foregoing insurance coverages are required to remain
in force after final payment and are reasonably available, an additional certificate
evidencing continuation of such coverage shall be submitted with the final Application
for Payment as required by Section A.9.10.2. Information concerning reduction of
coverage on account of revised limits or claims paid under the General Aggregate, or
both, shall be furnished by the Design-Builder with reasonable promptness in
accordance with the Design-Builder’s information and belief.



§
A.11.2.4 The Design-Builder shall cause its Contractors to procure insurance
satisfying the requirements of this Article and naming the Owner as additional
insured under their commercial general liability, automobile liability, and any
umbrella or excess liability policies.











Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05





25















§ A.11.3 OWNER’S LIABILITY INSURANCE




§ A.11.3.1 The Owner shall be responsible for purchasing and maintaining the Owner’s
usual liability insurance.



§ A.11.4 PROPERTY INSURANCE




§ A.11.4.1 Unless otherwise provided, the Design-Builder shall purchase and
maintain, in a company or companies lawfully authorized to do business in the
jurisdiction in which the Project is located, property insurance written on a
builder’s risk, “all-risk” or equivalent policy form in the amount of the initial
Contract Sum, plus the value of subsequent Design-Build Contract modifications and
cost of materials supplied or installed by others, comprising total value for the
entire Project at the site on a replacement cost basis without optional deduclibles.
Such property insurance shall be maintained, unless otherwise provided in the
Design-Build Documents or otherwise agreed in writing by all persons and entities who
are beneficiaries of such insurance, until final payment has been made as provided in
Section A.9.10 or until no person or entity other than the Owner has an insurable
interest in the property required by this Section A.11.4 to be covered, whichever is
later. This insurance shall include interests of the Owner. Design-Builder,
Contractors and Subcontractors in the Project.



§ A.11.4.1.1 Property insurance shall be on an “all-risk” or equivalent policy
form and shall include, without limitation, insurance against the perils of fire
(with extended coverage) and physical loss or damage including, without
duplication of coverage, theft, vandalism, malicious mischief, collapse,
earthquake, flood, windstorm, falsework, testing and startup, temporary buildings
and debris removal, including demolition occasioned by enforcement of any
applicable legal requirements, and shall cover reasonable compensation for
Design-Builder’s services and expenses required as a result of such insured loss.



§ A.11.4.1.2 If the Owner is damaged by the failure or neglect of the
Design-Builder to purchase or maintain insurance as described above then the
Design-Builder shall bear all reasonable costs properly attributable thereto.



§ A.11.4.1.3 Intentially omitted.



§ A.11.4.1.4 This property insurance shall cover portions of the Work stored off
the site and also portions of the Work in transit.



§ A.11.4.1.5 Partial occupancy or use in accordance with Section A.9.9 shall not
commence until the insurance company or companies providing property insurance
have consented to such partial occupancy or use, by endorsement or otherwise. The
Owner and the Design-Builder shall take reasonable steps to obtain consent of the
insurance company or companies and shall, without mutual written consent, take no
action with respect to partial occupancy or use that would cause cancellation,
lapse or reduction of insurance.



§ A.11.4.2 Boiler and Machinery Insurance. The Owner shall purchase and maintain
boiler and machinery insurance required by the Design-Build Documents or by law,
which shall specifically cover such insured objects during installation and until
final acceptance by the Owner; this insurance shall include interests of the Owner,
Design-Builder, Contractors and Subcontractors in the Work, and the Owner and
Design-Builder shall be named insureds.



§ A.11.4.3 Loss of Use Insurance. The Owner, at the Owner’s option, may purchase and
maintain such insurance as will insure the Owner against loss of use of the Owner’s
property due to fire or other hazards, however caused. The Owner waives all rights of
action against the Design-Builder, Architect, the
Design-Builder’s other design
professionals, if any, Contractors and Subcontractors for loss of use of the Owner’s
property, including consequential losses due to fire or other hazards, however
caused.



§ A.11.4.4 If the Design-Builder requests in writing that insurance for risks other
than those described herein or other special causes of loss be included in the
property insurance policy, the Owner shall, if possible, include such insurance, and
the cost thereof shall be charged to the Design-Builder by appropriate Change Order.



§
A.11.4.5 If during the Project construction period the Owner insures properties,
real or personal or both, at or adjacent to the site by property insurance under
policies separate from those insuring the Project, or if after final payment property
insurance is to be provided on the completed Project through a policy or policies
other than those insuring the Project during the construction period, the Owner shall
waive all rights in accordance with the terms of Section A.11.4.7 for damages caused
by fire or other causes of loss covered by this separate property insurance. All
separate policies shall provide this waiver of subrogation by endorsement or
otherwise.











Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05





26















§ A.11.4.6 Before an exposure to loss may occur, the Owner shall file with the
Design-Builder a copy of each policy that includes insurance coverages required by
this Section A.11.4. Each policy shall contain all generally applicable conditions,
definitions, exclusions and endorsements related to this Project. Each policy shall
contain a provision that the policy will not be canceled or allowed to expire and
that its limits will not be reduced until at least 30 days’ prior written notice has
been given to the Design-Builder.



§ A.11.4.7 Waivers of Subrogation. The Owner and Design-Builder waive all rights
against each other and any of their consultants, separate contractors described in
Section A.6.1, if any, Contractors, Subcontractors, agents and employees, each of the
other, and any of their contractors, subcontractors, agents and employees, for
damages caused by fire or other causes of loss to the extent covered by property
insurance obtained pursuant to this Section A.11.4 or other property insurance
applicable to the Work, except such rights as they have to proceeds of such insurance
held by the Owner as fiduciary. The Owner or Design-Builder, as appropriate, shall
require of the separate contractors described in Section A.6.1, if any, and the
Contractors, Subcontractors, agents and employees of any of them, by appropriate
agreements, written where legally required for validity, similar waivers each in
favor of other parties enumerated herein. The policies shall provide such waivers of
subrogation by endorsement or otherwise. A waiver of subrogation shall be effective
as to a person or entity even though that person or entity would otherwise have a
duty of indemnification, contractual or otherwise, even though the person or entity
did not pay the insurance premium directly or indirectly, and whether or not the
person or entity had an insurable interest in the property damaged.



§ A.11.4.8 A loss insured under Owner’s property insurance shall be adjusted by the
Owner as fiduciary and made payable to the Owner as fiduciary for the insureds, as
their interests may appear, subject to requirements of any applicable mortgagee
clause and of Section A.11.4.10. The Design-Builder shall pay
Contractors their just shares of insurance proceeds received by the Design-Builder, and, by appropriate
agreements, written where legally required for validity, shall require Contractors to
make payments to their Subcontractors in similar manner.



§ A.11.4.9 If required in writing by a party in interest, the Owner as fiduciary
shall, upon occurrence of an insured loss, give bond for proper performance of the
Owner’s duties. The cost of required bonds shall be charged against proceeds received
as fiduciary. The Owner shall deposit in a separate account proceeds so received,
which the Owner shall distribute in accordance with such agreement as the parties in
interest may reach. If after such loss no other special agreement is made and unless
the Owner terminates the Design-Build Contract for convenience, replacement of
damaged property shall be performed by the Design-Builder after notification of a
Change in the Work in accordance with Article A.7.



§
A.11.4.10 The Owner as fiduciary shall have power to adjust and settle a loss with
insurers only with the Design-Builder’s written consent. The Owner as fiduciary
shall, in the case of a decision or award, make settlement with insurers in
accordance with directions of a decision or award. If distribution of insurance
proceeds by arbitration is required, the arbitrators will direct such distribution.


§ A.11.5 PERFORMANCE BOND AND PAYMENT BOND



§ A.11.5.1 The Owner shall have the right to require the Design-Builder to furnish bonds covering faithful
performance of the Design-Build Contract and payment of obligations arising thereunder, including payment to
design professionals engaged by or on behalf of the Design-Builder, as stipulated in bidding requirements or
specifically required in the Agreement or elsewhere in the Design-Build Documents on the date of execution of the
Design-Build Contract.  The Owner has not requested that the Design/Builder provide such bonds. Should the Owner request payment and performance bonds, then the Design/Builder shall be entitled to an increase in the Contract Sum for the costs of procuring the bond.




ARTICLE A.12 UNCOVERING AND CORRECTION OF WORK



§ A.12.1 UNCOVERING OF WORK



§ A.12.1.1 If a portion of the Work is covered contrary to requirements specifically expressed
in the Design-Build
Documents, it must be uncovered for the Owner’s examination and be replaced at the
Design-Builder’s expense
without change in the Contract Time.



§ A.12.1.2 If a portion of the Work has been covered which the Owner has not
specifically requested to examine prior to its being covered, the Owner may request
to see such Work and it shall be uncovered by the Design-Builder. If










Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05




27















such Work is in accordance with the Design-Build Documents, costs of uncovering
and replacement shall, by appropriate Change Order, be at the Owner’s expense. If such
Work is not in accordance with the Design-Build Documents, correction shall be at the
Design-Builder’s expense unless the condition was caused by the Owner or a separate
contractor, in which event the Owner shall be responsible for payment of such costs.



§ A.12.2 CORRECTION OF WORK




§ A.12.2.1 BEFORE OR AFTER SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION.


§ A.12.2.1.1 The Design-Builder shall promptly correct Work rejected by the Owner or
failing to conform to the
requirements of the Design-Build Documents, whether discovered before or after Substantial
Completion and
whether or not fabricated, installed or completed. Costs of correcting such rejected Work,
including additional
testing, shall be at the Design-Builder’s expense.




§ A.12.2.2 AFTER SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION




§ A.12.2.2.1 In addition to the Design-Builder’s obligations under Section A.3.5,
if, within one year after the date of Substantial Completion or after the date for
commencement of warranties established under Section A.9.8.5 or by terms of an
applicable special warranty required by the Design-Build Documents, any of the Work is
found to be not in accordance with the requirements of the Design-Build Documents, the
Design-Builder shall correct it promptly after receipt of written notice from the Owner
to do so unless the Owner has previously given the Design-Builder a written acceptance
of such condition. The Owner shall give such notice promptly after discovery of the
condition. During the one-year period for correction of Work, if the Owner fails to
notify the Design-Builder and give the Design-Builder an opportunity to make the
correction, the Owner waives the rights to require correction by the Design-Builder and
to make a claim for breach of warranty. If the Design-Builder fails to correct
non-conforming Work within a reasonable time during that period after receipt of notice
from the Owner, the Owner may correct it in accordance with Section A.2.5. The
Design-Builder’s warranty excludes defects or damage caused by (1) abuse, modification,
or improper maintenance or operation by persons other than Design-Builder’s
Contractors, or others for whom Design-Builder is responsible, and (2) normal wear and
tear under normal usage.



§ A.12.2.2.2 The one-year period for correction of Work shall be extended with
respect to portions of Work first performed after Substantial Completion by the
period of time between Substantial Completion and the actual performance of the
Work.



§ A.12.2.2.3 The one-year period for correction of Work shall not be extended by
corrective Work performed by the Design-Builder pursuant to this Section A.12.2.



§ A.12.2.3 The Design-Builder shall remove from the site portions of the Work which are
not in accordance with the requirements of the Design-Build Documents and are neither
corrected by the Design-Builder nor accepted by the Owner.



§ A.12.2.4 The Design-Builder shall bear the cost of correcting destroyed or damaged
construction, whether completed or partially completed, of the Owner or separate
contractors caused by the Design-Builder’s correction or removal of Work which is not
in accordance with the requirements of the Design-Build Documents.



§ A.12.2.5 Nothing contained in this Section A.12.2 shall be construed to establish a
period of limitation with respect to other obligations the Design-Builder might have
under the Design-Build Documents. Establishment of the one-year period for correction
of Work as described in Section A.12.2.2 relates only to the specific obligation of
the Design-Builder to correct the Work, and has no relationship to the time within
which the obligation to comply with the Design-Build Documents may be sought to be
enforced, nor to the time within which proceedings may be commenced to establish the
Design-Builder’s liability with respect to the Design-Builder’s obligations other than
specifically to correct the Work.



§ A.12.3 ACCEPTANCE OF NONCONFORMING WORK



§ A.12.3.1 After timely notice to the Design-Builder of the existence of Work not
in accordance with the requirements of the Design-Build Documents and after the
Design-Builder has the opportunity to cure or correct the non-conforming work, if the
Owner prefers to accept Work not in accordance with the requirements of the
Design-Build Documents, the Owner may do so instead of requiring its removal and
correction in which case the Contract Sum will be equitably adjusted by Change
Order.











Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05





28















ARTICLE A.13 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS




§ A.13.1 GOVERNING LAW




§ A.13.1.1 The Design-Build Contract shall be governed by the law of the piace where the
Project is located.



§ A.13.2 SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS



§ A.13.2.1 The Owner and Design-Builder respectively bind themselves, their partners,
successors, assigns and legal representatives to the other party hereto and to
partners, successors, assigns and legal representatives of such other party in respect
to covenants, agreements and obligations contained in the Design-Build Documents.
Except as provided in Section A. 13.2.2, neither party to the Design-Build Contract
shall assign the Design-Build Contract as a whole without written consent of the
other. If either party attempts to make such an assignment without such consent, that
party shall nevertheless remain legally responsible for all obligations under the
Design-Build Contract.



§ A.13.2.2 The Owner may, without consent of the Design-Builder, assign the
Design-Build Contract to an institutional lender providing construction financing for
the Project. In such event, the lender shall assume the Owner’s rights and obligations
under the Design-Build Documents. The Design-Builder shall execute all consents
reasonably required to facilitate such assignment.



§ A.13.3 WRITTEN NOTICE




§ A.13.3.1 Written notice shall be deemed to have been duly served if delivered in
person to the individual or a member of the firm or entity or to an officer of the
corporation for which it was intended, or if sent by registered or certified mail to
the last business address known to the party giving notice, or if sent by facsimile
with confirmed receipt, or electronic transmission with a hard-copy delivered within
seven (7) days after the transmission.



§
A.13.4 RIGHTS AND REMEDIES




§ A.13.4.1 Duties and obligations imposed by the Design-Build Documents and rights and
remedies available thereunder shall be in addition to and not a limitation of duties,
obligations, rights and remedies otherwise imposed or available by
law.



§ A.13.4.2 No action or failure to act by the Owner or Design-Builder shall
constitute a waiver of a right or duty afforded them under the Design-Build
Documents, nor shall such action or failure to act constitute approval of or
acquiescence in a breach thereunder, except as may be specifically agreed in
writing.



§ A.13.5 TESTS AND INSPECTIONS




§ A.13.5.1 Tests, inspections and approvals of portions of the Work required by the
Design-Build Documents or by laws, ordinances, rules, regulations or orders of public
authorities having jurisdiction shall be made at an appropriate time. Unless otherwise
provided, the Design-Builder shall make arrangements for such tests, inspections and
approvals with an independent testing laboratory or entity acceptable to the Owner or
with the appropriate public authority, and shall bear all related costs of tests,
inspections and approvals. The Design-Builder shall give timely notice of when and
where tests and inspections are to be made so that the Owner may be present for such
procedures. The Contract Sum includes the costs for testing for
soils, concrete and asphalt. If the Owner requests any tests in addition to such tests
and tests required by public authorities havinig jurisdiction, the Contract Sum shall
be increased by the cost of the testing and the Design/Builder may
request additional time, if the testing impacts the schedule.



§ A.13.5.2 If the Owner or public authorities having jurisdiction determine that
portions of the Work require additional testing, inspection or approval not included
under Section A. 13.5.1, the Owner shall in writing instruct the Design-Builder to
make arrangements for such additional testing, inspection or approval by an entity
acceptable to the Owner, and the Design-Builder shall give timely notice to the Owner
of when and where tests and inspections are to be made so that the Owner may be
present for such procedures. Such costs, except as provided in Section A.13.5.3, shall
be at the Owner’s expense.



§
A.13.5.3 If such procedures for testing, inspection or approval under Sections
A.13.5.1 and A.13.5.2 reveal failure of the portions of the Work to comply with
requirements established by the Design-Build Documents, all costs made necessary by
such failure, including those of repeated procedures, shall be at the Design-Builder’s
expense.



§ A.13.5.4 Required certificates of testing, inspection or approval shall, unless
otherwise required by the Design-Build Documents, be secured by the Design-Builder
and promptly delivered to the Owner.











Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05




29















§ A.13.5.5 If the Owner is to observe tests, inspections or approvals
required by the Design-Build Documents, the Owner will do so promptly and, where
practicable, at the normal place of testing.



§ A.13.5.6 Tests or inspections conducted pursuant to the Design-Build Documents shall
be made promptly to avoid unreasonable delay in the Work.



§ A.13.6 COMMENCEMENT OF STATUTORY LIMITATION PERIOD



§ A.13.6.1 As between the Owner and Design-Builder:




.1	 	Before Substantial Completion. As to acts or failures
to act occurring prior to the relevant date of Substantial Completion, any
applicable statute of limitations shall commence to run and any alleged
cause of action shall be deemed to have accrued in any and all events not
later than such date of Substantial Completion;

.2	 	Between Substantial Completion and Final Application for
Payment. As to acts or failures to act occurring subsequent to the
relevant date of Substantial Completion and prior to issuance of the final
Application for Payment, any applicable statute of limitations shall
commence to run and any alleged cause of action shall be deemed to have
accrued in any and all events not later than the date of issuance of the
final Application for Payment; and

.3	 	After Final Application for Payment. As to acts or
failures to act occurring after the relevant date of issuance of the final
Application for Payment, any applicable statute of limitations shall
commence to run and any alleged cause of action shall be deemed to have
accrued in any and all events not later than the date of any act or
failure to act by the Design-Builder pursuant to any Warranty provided
under Section A.3.5, the date of any correction of the Work or failure to
correct the Work by the Design-Builder under Section A. 12.2, or the dale
of actual commission of any other act or failure to perform any duty or
obligation by the Design-Builder or Owner, whichever occurs last.





ARTICLE A.14 TERMINATION OR SUSPENSION OF THE DESIGN/BUILD CONTRACT




§A.14.1 TERMINATION BY THE DESIGN-BUILDER




§ A.14.1.1 The Design-Builder may terminate the Design-Build Contract if the Work is
stopped for a period of 30
consecutive days through no act or fault of the Design-Builder or a Contractor, Subcontractor
or their agents or
employees or any other persons or entities performing portions of the Work under direct or
indirect contract with the
Design-Builder, for any of the following reasons:




.1	 	issuance of an order of a court or other public authority having jurisdiction
which requires alt Work to
be stopped;

.2	 	an act of government, such as a declaration of
national emergency which requires all Work to be
stopped;

.3	 	the Owner has failed to make payment to the
Design-Builder in accordance with the Design-Build
Documents; or

.4	 	the Owner has failed to furnish to the Design-Builder
promptly, upon the Design-Builder’s request, reasonable evidence as
required by Section A.2.2.8.





§ A.14.1.2 The Design-Builder may terminate the Design-Build Contract if, through no
act or fault of the Design-Builder or a Contractor, Subcontractor or their agents or
employees or any other persons or entities performing portions of the Work under
direct or indirect contract with the Design-Builder, repeated suspensions, delays or
interruptions of the entire Work by the Owner, as described in Section A.14.3,
constitute in the aggregate more than 100 percent of the total number of days
scheduled for completion, or 120 days in any 365-day period, whichever is less.



§ A.14.1.3 If one of the reasons described in Sections A.14.1.1 or A.14.1.2 exists,
the Design-Builder may, upon seven days’ written notice to the Owner, terminate the
Design-Build Contract and recover from the Owner payment for Work executed and for
proven loss with respect to materials, equipment, tools, and construction equipment
and machinery, including reasonable overhead, profit and damages.



§ A.14.1.4 If the Work is stopped for a period of 30 consecutive days through no act
or fault of the Design-Builder or a Contractor or their agents or employees or any
other persons performing portions of the Work under a direct or indirect contract with
the Design-Builder because the Owner has persistently failed to fulfill the Owner’s
obligations under the Design-Build Documents with respect to matters important to the
progress of the Work, the Design-











Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05




30















Builder may, upon seven additional days’ written notice to the Owner,
terminate the Design-Build Contract and recover from the Owner as provided in
Section A.14.1.3.



§ A.14.2 TERMINATION BY THE OWNER FOR CAUSE



§ A.14.2.1 The Owner may terminate the Design-Build Contract if the Design-Builder:




.1	 	persistently or repeatedly refuses or fails to supply enough properly skilled
workers or proper
materials;

.2	 	fails to make payment to Contractors for services,
materials or labor in accordance with the respective
agreements between the Design-Builder and the Architect and
Contractors;

.3	 	persistently disregards laws, ordinances or rules,
regulations or orders of a public authority having
jurisdiction; or

.4	 	otherwise is guilty of substantial
breach of a provision of the Design-Build Documents.





§ A.14.2.2 When any of the above reasons exist, the Owner may without prejudice to any
other rights or remedies of the Owner and after giving the Design-Builder and the
Design-Builder’s surety, if any, seven days’ written notice, terminate employment of
the Design-Builder and may, subject to any prior rights of the surety:




.1	 	take possession of the site and of all materials and
equipmentpurchased for the Project;

.2	 	accept assignment of
contracts pursuant to Section A.5.5.1; and

.3	 	finish the Work by whatever reasonable method the Owner
may deem expedient. Upon request of the Design-Builder, the Owner shall
furnish to the Design-Builder a detailed accounting of the costs incurred
by the Owner in finishing the Work.





§ A.14.2.3 When the Owner terminates the Design-Build Contract for one of the reasons
stated in Section A.14.2.1, the Design-Builder shall not be entitled to receive
further payment until the Work is finished.



§ A.14.2.4 If the unpaid balance of the Contract Sum exceeds costs of finishing the
Work and other damages incurred by the Owner and not expressly waived, such excess
shall be paid to the Design-Builder. If such costs and damages exceed the unpaid
balance, the Design-Builder shall pay the difference to the Owner.



§ A.14.3 SUSPENSION BY THE OWNER FOR CONVENIENCE




§ A.14.3.1 The Owner may, without cause, order the Design-Builder in writing to suspend,
delay or interrupt the
Work in whole or in part for such period of time as the Owner may determine.



§ A.14.3.2 The Contract Sum and Contract Time shall be adjusted for increases in
the cost and time caused by suspension, delay or interruption as described in
Section A. 14.3.1. Adjustment of the Contract Sum shall include profit. No
adjustment shall be made to the extent:




.1	 	that performance is, was or would have been so
suspended, delayed or interrupted by another cause for which the
Design-Builder is responsible; or

.2	 	that an equitable adjustment is made or denied under another provision of the
Design-Build Contract.





§ A.14.4 TERMINATION BY THE OWNER FOR CONVENIENCE




§ A.14.4.1 The Owner may, at any time, terminate the Design-Build Contract for the
Owner’s convenience and
without cause.



§ A.14.4.2 Upon receipt of written notice from the Owner of such termination for
the Owner’s convenience, the Design-Builder shall:




.1	 	cease operations as directed by the Owner in the notice;

.2	 	take actions necessary, or that the Owner may direct, for the protection and
preservation of the Work;
and

.3	 	except for Work directed to be performed prior to
the effective date of termination stated in the notice, terminate all
existing contracts and purchase orders and enter into no further
contracts and purchase orders.





§ A.14.4.3 In the event of termination for the Owner’s convenience prior to
commencement of construction, the Design-Builder shall be entitled to receive payment
for design services performed, costs incurred by reason of such termination and
reasonable overhead and profit on design services not completed. In case of
termination for the Owner’s convenience after commencement of
construction, the
Design-Builder shall be entitled to receive payment











Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05





31















for Work executed and costs incurred by reason of such termination, along with
reasonable overhead and profit on the Work not executed.











Init. 	 	AIA Document A141TM — 2004 Exhibit A. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 09:03:04 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05




32










































Document A141™ — 2004 Exhibit C




Insurance and Bonds






for the following PROJECT:

(Name and location or address)



Build-A-Bear Distribution Center
Groveport,
Ohio




THE OWNER:

(Name and address)




Build-A-Bear
Workshop, Inc.

a Delaware corporation

1954 Innerbelt Business Center Drive

St. Louis, Missouri 63114-5760




THE DESIGN-BUILDER:

(Name and address)




Duke Construction Limited Partnership,

an Indiana limited partenership

5600 Blazer Parkway, Ste. 100

Dublin, Ohio 43017









ADDITIONS AND DELETIONS:



The author of this document has added information needed for its completion. The author may also
have revised the text
of the original AIA
standard form. An
Additions and Deletions Report that notes added
information as well as revisions to the standard form text is available
from the author and should be reviewed. A vertical line in the left margin of this document indicates where the author has added necessary information and
where the author has
added to or deleted from the original AIA text.



This document has important legal consequences. Consultation with an attorney is encouraged with respect to its completion or modification.


Consultation with an attorney is also
encouraged with respect to
professional licensing
requirements in the
jurisdiction where the
Project is located.




















Init. 	 	AIA Document
A141TM — 2004 Exhibit C. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 08:56:34 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05





1

















ARTICLE C.1



The Design-Builder shall provide policies of liability insurance as required by the
Design-Build Documents as
follows:



(Specify changes, if any, to the requirements of the Design-Build Documents, and for
each type of insurance identify
applicable limits and deductible amounts.)





Worker’s Compensation.	 	Statutory limits.
Employer’s Liability covering all employees,

$1,000,000 each accident.
volunteers, temporary employees and leased workers.

$1,000,000 disease each employee,
and $1,000,000 disease policy
limits.


Commercial General Liability for bodily injury
and property damage including personal injury,
premises/operations, broad form property
damage, independent contractors, products
and completed operations (with limits of
$3,000,000 and coverage for a minimum
period of two (2) years after Substantial
Completion), and deletion of exclusions
pertaining to (1) explosion, collapse, shoring
grading and underground property damage
hazards, (2) damages or injury arising from
defective Work, including costs to repair or
replace damaged Work, and (3) contractual
liability coverage. (The Commercial General
Liability insurance may be arranged under a
single policy for the full limits required or by a
combination of underlying policies with the balance
provided by an Excess or Umbrella Liability Policy.)

$3,000,000 combined
single limit for bodily
injury and property damage.


Commercial Automobile Liability, including owned
non-owned and hired car coverages.

$1,000,000 combined
single limit for bodily injury
and property damage.


Professional Liability, with retroactive coverage
for prior acts, to be provided by the Design-Builder’s design professionals and not by the
Design-Builder.

$1,000,000 annual
aggregate limit with not
more than a $100,000
deductible.





ARTICLE C.2



Not Applicable (Specify type and penal sum of bonds.)



(Paragraph deleted)





Type
Penal Sum ($0.00)





§C.2.1










Init. 	 	AIA Document
A141TM — 2004 Exhibit C. Copyright © 2004  by The American
institute of Architects. All rights reserved.

WARNING: This AIA® Document is Protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or
distribution of this AIA®
Document or any portion of it,
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum
extent possible under the law. This document was produced
by AIA software at 08:56:34 on 12/19/2005 under Order No. 100016401 5_2 which expires on 2/18/2006, and is not for resale.

User Notes: DUKE DB-2 12/06/05



2





















Groveport Commerce Center

Groveport, Ohio




EXHIBIT
“D-1”




Proposed by Duke Construction

December 16, 2005




PROJECT DESCRIPTION




This project consists of a 350,720 square-foot warehouse distribution facility for
Build-A-Bear in Groveport, Ohio. The building is to be located on
approximately 22.6 acres in
Duke’s Groveport Commerce Center.



The building shall consist of a 694’ x 504’ enveloped by precast concrete wall panels and
conventionally framed with structural steel supporting a ballasted EPDM rubber roof system, with
internal roof drains. The building shall be designed with docks on one side, and future docks on
opposite side of the building with a 33’-8’” clear height.



This project is “design-build” in nature. Since the details that were given to Duke Construction
regarding this facility are general in nature, some additional assumptions were generated to
arrive at a final cost. These assumptions are described in the following scope of work. Attached
is a copy of the preliminary site/floor plan prepared by Duke Construction, dated December 16,
2005 (Exhibit D-2), which is the basis used in preparing this proposal.



An approximate seven (7) month construction schedule is planned plus design and permit processing.
See the attached schedule dated December 16, 2005 (Exhibit “B”).



The following Outline Specifications are generally described according to the Construction
Specification Institute format.



GENERAL REQUIREMENTS




Geotechnical Engineering:




Soil borings will be required for the final design of the building foundations and exterior
pavements. In preparing this estimate, it has been assumed that the existing soils will provide
suitable bearing capacities, and no special foundations or pavements have been included. Duke will
obtain any soil borings as required, and the proposed pavement designs will be verified prior to
the final design. (If additional borings indicate that the existing conditions or proposed use
require changes to the proposed design, these cost will be itemized and subject to reimbursement
by the Tenant/Owner.)



















Build-A-Bear

December 16, 2005

Page 2 of 13




Architectural and Engineering Services:



Duke Construction shall employ the services of architectural and engineering firms licensed in the
State of Ohio for the design and engineering of all civil, structural, and architectural drawings
and specifications. Duke Construction will oversee and coordinate all aspects of the building
design.



Duke Construction will provide all necessary survey work required for building construction.



Quality control for this project will consist of a full-time superintendent along with independent
testing technicians to supervise soil compaction, concrete placement, and structural steel
connections.



The building will be designed to meet all applicable local and state codes, as well as respective
A.D.A. requirements.



All tap fees, capacity fees and permit fees required for the building construction are included.



Duke will provide the installation, maintenance, and consumption costs of all temporary utilities
needed for construction. This includes jobsite trailer, telephone, restroom facilities, site
access and security, as needed for construction only.



A labor and material guarantee for one (1) year from time of substantial completion will be
provided. See Thermal and Moisture division for additional roof and caulking warranties. Duke will
provide the client with one copy of all maintenance manuals for the facility. Manuals shall
include copies of all record drawings, equipment specifications and all respective warranties.



Builder’s risk, fire and extended coverage insurance for the construction phase of the development
will be provided by Duke.



Items that are described as allowances in our base proposal include labor, material and taxes.
Overhead and profit on allowance items is included as part of the allowance, unless noted
otherwise.



Items that are excluded from our scope of work are performance bond fees and fees for
consultants engaged directly by the tenant. Duke reserves the right to obtain open shop and/or
merit shop labor to construct this facility. Premiums for prevailing wages or other requirements
affecting hourly wages are not included.



SITE WORK




Mass Excavation and Grading:




The site will be cleared to remove any growth such as brush, trees, etc. which has accumulated on
site.



Topsoil removal will be required. The topsoil that is stripped will be stockpiled on site for
redistribution at a later date. Excess topsoil will be used in creating landscape mounds, berms,
etc. Any remaining excess will be buried on the property outside the limits of building areas. No
topsoil will be hauled off-site. This proposal includes stripping topsoil across the entire site.



















Build-A-Bear

December 16, 2005

Page 3 of 13




Removal of an existing peat deposit and fill with suitable engineered fill and standard compaction
techniques has been included in this proposal.



Mass excavation consists of cut-to-fill to render the site in a positive draining condition. The
site shall be engineered to use as much of the excavated material as possible and create a
“balanced” condition. Recommendations from the geotechnical engineer will be followed regarding
soil conditions. Materials on-site will be utilized for engineered fill using standard compaction
techniques. We have not included removal of any excess soils from the site. This proposal excludes
special foundations and special slab construction.



It was assumed that extensive site dewatering, other than the peat removal, rock/concrete
excavation, or any underground problems would not be an issue and costs for such are not included.
In addition, no other contingencies or allowances have been provided for the removal of any
hazardous, contaminated, unsuitable soils and/or undercutting. An allowance of $374,000 is
included for Winter Conditions in order to perform the work during inclement weather. The winter
conditions allowance will include, but not limited to the following cost items : snow removal,
soil frost protection, lime/flyash/cement soil treatment for drying and stabilization, temporary
building enclosures, temporary heating equipment and fuel consumption, concrete blankets and hot
water premium for concrete.



Site Utilities:



All utilities (gas, electric, telephone, water, and sanitary sewer) shall be extended to the
building and tied into the respective services. Utilities are assumed to be available at the
property lines, and of adequate size and depth to facilitate this building. Storm sewer shall be
handled via underground piping and open swales. Off-site detention has already been provided.



Pavements:



The truck apron is planned as 180’-0” wide from the south wall of the dock area and will consist
of concrete and heavy-duty asphalt.



Concrete pavement will be provided in front of the dock doors, originating at the dock face and
extending out 60 feet at dock locations as shown on the preliminary drawing. The concrete pavement
is designed as 8” thick, non-reinforced, 4,000 psi — air entrained concrete set on 8” of compacted
granular fill.



“Heavy duty” asphalt sections consists of approximately 8” of 304 sub-base, 3” of 301 asphalt
binder course, and 1.5” of 404 asphalt finish course, and will be located in the truck access
roads and the truck aprons at the sides of the building.



In the auto parking areas, a “light duty” section, consisting of approximately 6” of 304, 2” of
402, and 1” of 404, will be provided. A total of 170 employee parking spaces are provided.



For all exterior pavements, the specific traffic “load” requirements will need to be verified
prior to the final design. If upon review of the information, the pavement design requires
modification, the contract amount will be adjusted accordingly.



















Build-A-Bear

December 16, 2005

Page 4 of 13




Sidewalks:




Sidewalks indicated on the site plan shall be constructed with 4” of 4,000 psi concrete
unreinforced, set on a 4” granular base. Where the sidewalks meet pavement areas, a 16“x 8”
integral curb shall be constructed. This proposal only includes the sidewalks indicated on the
attached preliminary site plan.



Patio:




1,600 square foot concrete patio with a 200 square foot canvas awning. Includes 2’ masonry wall
around the patio.



Curbs:




Concrete “perma-curbs” will be installed at the perimeter of the automobile parking areas. This
extruded concrete curb will be installed on top of the finish course of 404 asphalt. The entrances
to the facility shall receive an extruded 18” deep concrete barrier curb. Reinforcing has not been
included for these curbs.



Fencing and Gate:



985 lineal feet of 6’ high, black vinyl coated chain link fence, with two (2) 12’ wide cantilever
slide gates. The slide gates shall b electronically operated by a remote push button station.



Landscaping, Irrigation, and Seeding:



General seeding is included in the base proposal. Plant materials, sod, irrigation and
installation, including miscellaneous trees, shrubs and ground cover, has been included as a
landscaping allowance of $94,044. This allowance includes landscaping design.



Exterior Signage:




An allowance of $5,000 has been included for the installation of an exterior sign. An additional
building signage allowance of $20,000 is included These allowances are intended to pay for the
sign, foundations, and electric service or lighting (if required).



Termite and Pest Control:




Insect treatment, and pest control are excluded from this proposal.



STRUCTURAL CONCRETE




Foundations:




Building foundations will be spread footings constructed from, 3,000 psi concrete. An allowable
bearing capacity 3,500 psf at a depth 36” below finish grade has been assumed. Continuous wall
footings and column spread footings shall be poured “rough” and forming of these footings has not
been included. No foundation walls have been included. The precast walls will bear directly on the
continuous footings.



Floor Slabs:



The Warehouse slab-on-grade will consist of 7” thick — 4,000 psi / 700 Flex concrete floor
non-reinforced set on a 5” granular fill bed.



Floor flatness and levelness tolerances shall meet a Random Traffic Pattern value of FF=35 and
FL=25 in the following areas; Receiving, Returns, Shipping, and all offices. The Floor flatness
F-MIN-60 shall be required in the following areas; Reserve Pallet, Carton Storage and Pallet Flow
Storage. Shipping Sorter/Retail Active Area shall meet a Random




















Build-A-Bear

December 16, 2005

Page 5 of 13




Traffic Pattern
value of FF=45 and FL=35. Caulking of construction and control joints has been
excluded.



All concrete tests are to be completed by independent testing laboratory per ACI standards and
costs are included for such quality control work.



For all interior slabs, any specific racking or other equipment load requirements will need to be
verified prior to the final design. If upon review of the information, the slab design requires
modification, the contract amount will be adjusted accordingly.



Precast Wall Panels:



Precast wall panels shall be utilized for the building’s exterior wall structure. The wall panels
will be load-bearing where applicable and will be complete with the necessary reinforcements and
embeddments. These panels contain foam insulated cores which provide an R=5 insulating value.



METALS




The building structural system will consist of steel columns, bar joists, joist girders, and
roof deck. The roof load design shall meet Ohio Building Code requirements.



The clear height to the underside of the lowest horizontal steel member shall be a minimum of
33’-8” feet. The typical bay spacing shall be 42’-5” x 42’-8” throughout with a 56’-6” end bay and
60’-0” dock bay on south end of building. The building will utilize K braces for wind bracing.



Mezzanine for web operations is included at 170’ X 220’, with 125 pound per square foot live
loading. Office second floor is included at 56’ X 106’, with 50 psf live load and 20 psf partition
load. Support for 2,200lf of conveyor loading at 144plf is included.



Miscellaneous metal items include:




1)	 	Eighty (80) pipe bollards

2)	 	One (1) roof access ladder with safety cage.

3)	 	One (1) drive-in door pipe sills

4)	 	Thirty one (31) pit type dock leveler frames





Metal deck shall be factory finished standard Vulcraft white.



Touch-up painting is excluded.



CARPENTRY




Miscellaneous wood blocking is provided as required for overhead door tracks, roof blocking, and
roof curb nailers.




















Build-A-Bear


December 16, 2005


Page 6 of 13



MOISTURE AND THERMAL PROTECTION




Roofing:




The roof system shall be a 0.045, ballasted EPDM roof system with expanded polystyrene insulation
for a total R Value = 16.6.



The roof shall carry the manufacturer’s 20 year prorated membrane warranty and a 10-year labor and
material watertight warranty. The roof shall also have the contractor’s 2 year warranty.



This proposal includes the roof flashings and penetrations required for the mechanical and
electrical work described in this scope of work.



88 smoke and heat vents 4’ X 8’ are included.



Caulking:




Elastomeric joint sealant will be installed in the precast wall joints on the interior and
the exterior side of panels. Joint sealant will also be provided at all exterior wall penetrations
(window, doors, etc.). The exterior joint sealants have a five- (5) year manufacturer’s warranty
on material and installation.



We have not included interior floor control joint sealants in this proposal.



DOORS, WINDOWS




Windows:




This proposal includes the installation of approximately 960 square-feet of curtain wall system at
the main entry. Twenty three (23) 4’ X 4’ punched windows (approximately 368 square-feet) have
been included. The exterior glazing system will consist of 1” thick tinted, thermopane units set
in clear or bronze anodized, thermally improved aluminum frames.



The main office entry shall consist of one set of medium stile aluminum double doors with
associated hardware. No electronic or special locking devices are included in this proposal.



Doors:




Exterior man doors shall be 3’-0” x 7’-0” hollow metal doors and frames as required for
egress per code. This proposal includes Twenty-three (23) exterior egress doors in the
warehouse.



Finish hardware is included for the above mentioned egress doors. Special locking or closing
devices are excluded.



Overhead Doors:




Thirty one (30) each — 9’ x 10’ x 24 ga. insulated steel, sectional dock doors with manual
operation and weather stripping are included. Each door will have one window.



One (1) 12’ x 14’ x 24 ga. insulated steel, sectional drive-in door with electric operation,
weather stripping and one window is included.























Build-A-Bear

December 16, 2005

Page 7 of 13




FINISHES




Warehouse Area:




The exterior face of the precast concrete wall panels will be painted with two (2) coat of acrylic
textured paint. The paint system shall have a manufacturer’s seven (7) year warranty.



Hollow metal doors and frames, and pipe posts to have one (1) coat of primer and two (2) coats of
acrylic gloss exterior paint.



Overhead doors are figured to be factory finished to coordinate with building exterior.



Two (2) coatings of Ashford formula floor coating. Epoxy floor coating in the battery charger area.



EQUIPMENT




Dock equipment will be provided as follows:






Dock Levelers:
Thirty (30) total


Based on Poweramp CM Series or approved equal


Size: 6’ x 8’


Capacity: 30,000 Ibs, Mechanically operated




Truck Restraints:
Thirty (30) total


With restraining capacity of 32,000 pounds.




Dock Bumpers:
Two (2) at each door (4” bumper) for a total of sixty two (60)




Dock Shelters:
Thirty (30) total


Size: 9’ x 10’ with fixed head pad






FURNISHINGS




All furnishings, such as lockers, refrigerators, tables, chairs, cooking appliances, and
horizontal blinds shall be provided by the Tenant.



SPECIAL CONSTRUCTION




None.



CONVEYING SYSTEMS




None.



FIRE PROTECTION




Fire Protection system shall include:



Water Connection / Site Underground:



















Build-A-Bear

December 16, 2005

Page 8 of 13




Fire protection service will be by water supply connection to the private underground fire
protection piping system for the park. The fire service main is a 10” line that will be reduced to
8” pipe as required to service the building. Underground piping main will terminate inside the
building per NFPA — 24, at locations determined by Duke Construction.



Underground Check Valve Assembly:



In complete accordance with local code requirements, an underground check valve and fire
department connection will be installed.



Office Areas:



All office areas shall be furnished and installed as part of the finish allowances.



Warehouse Areas:



The warehouse area fire protection system for shall consist of an ESFR sprinkler system based on
the following:




1)	 	Brass ESFR K-14 sprinklers installed throughout all exposed structure areas
except for the office area.

2)	 	All systems shall be hydraulically designed and installed per NFPA — 13.
Warehouse Area ESFR: 12 sprinklers @ 75 PSI





Sprinklers:



Brass ESFR (K-14) in the warehouse area.



Fire Department Hose Connections:



Hose connections have been excluded from this proposal, Once a racking layout is agreed upon, this
item will need to be determined and the cost adjusted accordingly.



Fire Pump:



Fire pump is excluded. Site has an independent fire main.



Exclusions:



In rack sprinklers, dry pipe or other chemical based pre-action fire suppression systems, central
station fire alarm system and Factory Mutual or other Insurance underwriter’s special requirements
above what is stated herein are not included.



Plumbing and H.V.A.C.




Warehouse Area HVAC:



The warehouse area shall be heated with gas fired, rooftop mounted 80/20 Make-up-Air units
complete with roof curb, disconnect, and thermostat sized to maintain 60°F at 0°F outside.



Office Area HVAC:



All office area HVAC shall be installed as part of the office finish allowance.



Warehouse Plumbing:



A 6” sanitary waste underground main shall enter the building near the dock wall and extend 690’
to serve the office, restrooms, and future tenant spaces.





















Build-A-Bear

December 16, 2005

Page 9 of 13




A 2” insulated domestic coldwater overhead main shall run 940’.



Frost-proof exterior hose bibbs shall be provided at the tenant entry and dock area.



Office Area Plumbing:




All office area plumbing shall be installed as part of the tenant finish allowance.



HVAC / Plumbing General




Items listed above are items of major fixtures and equipment. It is the intent of this proposal to
provide an operational heating, air conditioning and plumbing systems in accordance to all codes
and standard engineering practices. Incidental items such as rigging, low voltage wiring, air
balancing, hangers, floor drains, clean outs, backflow preventers, etc. are included in the intent
of this proposal even though not listed specifically. All work will be performed in accordance to
local codes and applicable engineering standards.



“BAF” fans are included above the mezzanine and dock area.



ELECTRICAL





Electrical scope of work shall include:

Duke Base Building Shell

Primary






–	 	(2) 5” SCH, 40 conduit (850’)

–	 	(850’) Trenching and backfill for utility primary utility conduits

–	 	Utility transformer pad

–	 	Utility manhole





Telephone




–	 	(300’) (2) 4” SCH. 40 PVC empty conduits and trenching/ backfill from building to
property line at two locations

–	 	(1) 4x8 telephone backboard with grounding and dedicated 20amp 120vac. circuit.





Secondary




–	 	(1) 400 Amp 277/480V, 3PH, 4W cable and duct systems

–	 	Trenching and backfill

–	 	(1) Utility metering and service grounds

–	 	(1) 400amp 480vac., 3-phase service disconnect





Distribution




















Build-A-Bear

December 16, 2005

Page 10 of 13





–	 	(2) 400amp 480/277V, 3PH, 4W panel boards to serve Warehouse equipment and lighting





HVAC Equipment Connections





–	 	(4) 50 HP. Make-up Air Unit connections

–	 	(4) RTU receptacles





Warehouse Lighting





–	 	(330) 2x4 fluorescent electronic ballast with T5 lamps to meet 30 foot-candles average
maintained in warehouse based on an open floor plan. (Breaker switched).

–	 	(30) Exit signs with
self contained battery, at each perimeter exit door. Emergency/exit lighting installed per
code, based on an un-occupied space.





Site Lighting & Exterior Building Mounted Lighting





–	 	(2) 1-head 400W metal halide pole assemblies complete with 24“dla. 36” above grade pole bases
in the employee parking area.

–	 	(4) 2-head 400W metal halide pole assemblies complete with 24“dia. 36” above grade pole bases
in the employee parking area.

–	 	(30) 400W metal halide shoe-box type wall mounted fixtures around perimeter of building

–	 	Lighting controlled by time clock and photocell

–	 	Canopy lighting


–	 	175watt ground mounted floods for the sign and flagpoles





Fire Alarm Monitoring System




–	 	(1) Addressable fire alarm monitoring panel

–	 	(4) Smoke duct detectors

–	 	Flow and tamper switch monitoring

–	 	Monitoring is not included





Build A Bear Tenant Improvements



Site Lighting & Exterior Building Mounted Lighting




–	 	(7) 1-head 400W metal halide pole assemblies complete with 24“dia. 36” above grade
pole bases located in the Trailer Storage





Secondary





–	 	(1) 4000 Amp 277/480V, 3PH, 4W cable and duct systems

–	 	Trenching and backfill

–	 	(1) Utility metering and service ground





Distribution




–	 	(1) 4000amp main 480vac. 3-phase 4-wire switchboard

–	 	(10) 400amp 480/277V, 3PH, 4W panel boards to serve Warehouse equipment, Warehouse
lighting, Step-down transformers





















Build-A-Bear

December 16, 2005

Page 11 of 13





–	 	(6) Step-down transformer to serve dock power, office and misc. warehouse 120vac.
power

–	 	(7) 208/120V, 3PH, 4W panel board to service miscellaneous power loads

–	 	See each specialty area for additional distribution





HVAC Equipment Connections





–	 	(2) 15ton RTU connection (Office)

–	 	(2) 5ton RTU connection (Office)

–	 	(1) Battery Charger exhaust connection


–	 	(2) Toilet exhaust fan connection

–	 	(20) Office VAV connections





Reserve Shipping, Receiving & Pallet Flow Lighting





–	 	(800) 2x4 fluorescent electronic ballast with T5 lamps to meet 10 foot-candles average
maintained in warehouse Reserve Storage, 50fc average maintained in the specialty areas and
30fc. average maintained in the main warehouse corridors

–	 	12-pole lighting contactors to be
controlled by the building management system





Emergency Egress Lighting





–	 	(24) Exit signs

–	 	Wiring to the fluorescent hi-bays in the established egress aisles to meet 1fc. minimum.

–	 	(1) 50amp 480vac. Transfer Switch and 60amp 480vac. panel board for egress lighting





Mezzanine Lighting





–	 	(700) 4’-0” T5 2- lamp electronic fluorescent strip fixtures

–	 	(2) 8-pole Lighting contactors with single point lighting control





Battery Charging Area





–	 	(60) 20amp 480vac. battery charger connections

–	 	(2) 600amp 480vac. underground feeder

–	 	(5) 600amp 480/277V, 3PH, 4W panel boards to serve 480vac.battery charger





Maintenance Area





–	 	(10) 15amp 120vac. receptacles

–	 	(3) 30amp 208vac. receptacle

–	 	(1) 480vac, 30amp disconnect





Dock Power, Column Receptacles & Misc. PA & RF Receptacles




–	 	(29) 15amp 120vac. dock receptacles

–	 	(29) Dock light units

–	 	(12) 15amp 120vac. receptacles for RF and PA systems

–	 	(40) 15amp 120vac. column receptacles

–	 	(29) Dock restraints connections (restraints provided
by others)

–	 	(29) Dock leveler connections

–	 	(2) 120vac. overhead door connections


–	 	Duplex receptacles and voice/data rough-in is not included see below allowance

–	 	The above items are to be fed the low voltage distribution defined under the Distribution
Section.





Conveyor Power






















Build-A-Bear

December 16, 2005

Page 12 of 13





–	 	(3) 200amp 480vac. underground feeder

–	 	(2) 300amp 480vac. underground feeder

–	 	(1)125amp 480vac. underground trash conveyor connection





Miscellaneous Equipment connections





–	 	(1) Baler

–	 	(1) Compactor

–	 	(3) Shrink Wrap Machines






Generator & UPS System






–	 	240kw Kohler diesel 480/277vac. 3-phase, 4-wire generator with sub base fuel tank
sized to run 24hr at full-load

–	 	Remote annuciator located at receptionist

–	 	Install owner furnished 30KVA UPS System





Paging System





–	 	Warehouse and office paging system, single zone. Warehouse speakers to be mounted underside of
bar joist





Voice Data Conduit System




–	 	Not included





ALLOWANCES




The following is a summary of the allowances included for this project:




Winter Conditions:
$	374,000
Landscaping:
$	94,440
Exterior Signage:
$	5,000
Building Signage:
$	20,000
Office Allowance(15,000sf x $35/sf):
$	525,000






QUALIFICATIONS & EXCLUSIONS





1)	 	Factory Mutual or other insurance requirements are excluded.





















Build-A-Bear


December 16,2005


Page 13 of 13




2)	 	Due to the recent escalation in the costs of building materials, this proposal and pricing
only remains good until December 31, 2005. If awarded the Contract for this project after
that time, Duke Construction will need to verify pricing with all subcontractors and
vendors for labor and material rates and adjust the price accordingly.

3)	 	The Schedule dated December 5, 2005 assumes many critical milestones are met in the
Project Delivery for Contract Agreements, Project Design Development, Owner Review
and Approvals, Zoning, Building Permitting and Work by Others. Delays in any of these
items could compromise the completion dates by at least a day for day basis.

4)	 	We have included construction costs and schedule time to accommodate reasonable
Winter Conditions. However, severe weather conditions may dictate schedule delays or
may require excessive construction costs, that are not included, to overcome the delays.

5)	 	The site will be designed to balance (no import or export of subgrade material is included)
and all on-site material is assumed to be suitable for fill areas. All existing topsoil shall
remain on-site and will be reused in landscaped areas and earth berms.

6)	 	Rock excavation using standard ripping techniques is included as part of the base
proposal. Blasting, rock sawing, or other special excavation techniques are excluded and
will be paid via a Change Order to the Contract.

7)	 	We assume that there are no on site contaminates or hazardous materials, so remediation
for these are not included.

8)	 	Air compressors, air piping or other process piping is excluded..

9)	 	Painting of mechanical and electrical piping is excluded.

10)	 	Installation of tenant equipment is excluded.

11)	 	Flexible wiring systems will be utilized in concealed spaces and above the bottom cord of
the bar joists in the warehouse areas.

12)	 	Aluminum conductors will be utilized for feeders of 100 amps or larger with the exception
of feeders associated with mechanization panels.

13)	 	CCTV, SECURITY AND DOOR CONTACTS not included.


























EXHIBIT D-2
SITE PLAN




























EXHIBIT E




Build-A-Bear Distribution Center




ALLOWANCES





Winter Conditions
$	374,000
Landscaping
$	94,440
Exterior Signage
$	5,000
Building Signage
$	20,000
Office Allowance (15,000sf x $35/sf)
$	525,000


























EXHIBIT F




Build-A-Bear Distribution Center




PEAT REMEDIATION




The Design-Builder shall commence removal of peat at the site with the approval and consent
of the Owner. Peat will be stripped and stockpiled on site for redistribution at a later
date. Suitable soils from other locations on the site will be placed in the areas from
which peat is removed to return that portion of the site to the elevation existing prior to
the relocation of the removal of the peat. All of these activities shall be considered the
Peat Remediation. The Design-Builder shall be responsible for the removal of peat at the
Project site and shall not tender any change order request to the Owner for payment for any
additional costs incurred or time expended in connection with removing, stripping,
stockpiling, and relocating peat or for any additional costs incurred in placing suitable
soils in the areas in which the peat is removed or stripped.



Owner and Design-Builder hereby acknowledge that contemporaneously with the execution of
this Agreement, the Owner and Duke Realty Ohio, an Indiana general partnership, an
affiliate of Design-Builder (“DRO”) are executing a Real Estate Purchase Agreement (the
“Purchase Agreement”) for the purchase by Owner of the site upon which the Project is to
be located (the “Site”). As of December 16, 2005, the Owner has not had the opportunity to
review certain environmental information (“Environmental Report”) that DRO is obligated to
furnish to the Owner pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.



Should the Owner terminate or fail to consummate the Real Estate Purchase Agreement for any
reason other than as a result of adverse information contained in the Environmental Report
or as the result of a default of the Design-Builder under the Agreement, the Owner agrees
to pay for the reasonable and necessary costs expended and incurred in the Peat
Remediation. The Peat Remediation costs are in addition to those costs included in the
Indemnification Agreement dated December 1, 2005 executed by Barry Erdos on behalf of the
Owner. The Design-Builder shall mitigate its damages.



















Exhibit G





Mark Ford

Architect
Ford & Associates Architects, Inc.

1500 W. First Avenue

Columbus,
Ohio 43212


mford@fordarchitects.com



Jim Whitacre

Civil Engineer
Advanced Civil Design

4605 Morse Rd.

Suite 101

Columbus
OH 43230


iwhitacre@advancedcivildesign.com



Todd Faris

Landscape Design
Faris Planning and Design

855 Grandview Ave, Suite 230

Columbus, OH 43215

tfaris@farisplanninqanddesign.com



Mike Marinaro

Structural Engineer
PE Group

136 South 9th St

Suite 106

Noblesville,
IN 46060


mpmarinaro@
pegroup.us



Ron Martin

Design / Build Fire Protection
Dalmatian Fire Protection

7719 Graphics Way, Ste. G

Lewis Center, Ohio

rmartin@dalmatianfire.net



David Steck

Design / Build Mechanical
Wat – Kem

P.O. Box 1264

Dayton, Ohio 45401-1264

dsteck@watkem.com



Steve Lawerence

Design / Build Electrical
Denier Electric Co., Inc.

4000 Gantz Road, Suite C

Grove City, OH 43123

slawrence@denier.com













