









Exhibit 10.32

Construction Contract

In accordance  with the principle of openness,  impartiality  and fairness,  the
public bidding meeting on the Foundation for Equipments of the Triamine Workshop
of Shandong  Bangsheng  Chemical Co., Ltd. was a full success.  Through friendly
negotiation,  Shandong  Bangsheng  Chemical  Co.,  Ltd.  and  Chen  Houzhi,  the
successful bidder, agree to establish this contract. The parties hereby agree as
follows:

Party A:  Shandong  Bangsheng  Chemical Co.,  Ltd.  (hereinafter  referred to as
"Party A")
Party B: Chen Houzhi (hereinafter referred to as "Party B")

I.    Project Name: Foundation for Equipments of the Triamine Workshop

II.   Place of Construction: Within the premises of Party A

III.  Scope of Construction:
All civil engineering works including  concrete pouring,  leveling blanket
laying, steel binding, template support, float work and laying.

IV.   Type of Contract: Contract for labor and materials

V.    Projected Engineering Work Load:
Independent  foundation:  concrete  pouring__ m3, earthwork  digging __m3,
stone footing __m3, plastering __ m3, ironware burying __tons.

VI.   Construction  Period: At the request of Party A, the construction shall be
completed within 30 days after the signing of this contract.
Construction  Cost:  Construction  payment  shall be done in line with the
State's current construction flat rate and other related documents.
Projected Construction Cost: RMB 80,000 (eighty thousand) yuan.
The final payment shall be based on the actual volume of works.



<PAGE>

VII.  Mode of Payment:
30(C)++ of the total  construction cost shall be paid within 10 days after
the equipment and staff of the unit in charge of  construction  arrive the
construction   site  and  come  into  operation;   30(C)++  of  the  total
construction cost shall be paid after the main body of the construction is
completed;  30(C)++ of the total construction cost shall be paid after the
construction has been checked and accepted; the remaining 10(C)++ shall be
paid off at a single  payment  within  one year  after the  completion  of
construction, henceforward this contract shall become self-annulled.

VIII. Quality Requirement and Acceptance Criterion:
1.    Quality Grade Standard: superior
2.    Party A provides  construction  site featured "three put through one
level",  and a construction map. Party A is also responsible for the
joint checkup of the blueprint before starting.
3.    During construction,  Party B shall carry out construction  strictly
in adherence to the technological  requirements of the blueprint and
other related standards and make sure to clear the construction site
after finishing the work.
4.    Modification   of  Design:   Both  parties  shall  agree  on  a  new
construction cost based on the actual modification.
5.    Acceptance  inspection  of this  construction  shall  subject to the
requirements of Party A and the blueprint.
6.    Party  B  shall  be  submissive  to  the  quality   supervision  and
administration of the supervisor.  The supervisor shall come up with
suggestions  regarding  the  quality  of  construction  on which the
improvement  should be based and efforts  should be taken to achieve
satisfactory quality.




<PAGE>

IX.   Safety Responsibility:
During  construction,  Party B shall work out related  safety  rules which
shall be  strictly  followed  and  prevent  any  things  in the  nature of
violating  the basic  three work  safety  rules.  Should an injury on duty
happen, Party A should give help in immediate rescue. All responsibilities
and expenses shall be shouldered by Party B.

X.    Rights and Obligations of both Parties:
1.    This contract has legal  effects.  Neither Party shall  deliberately
terminate  or modify the  contract;  otherwise  it is  regarded as a
breach of this  contract.  The  party in breach  shall pay the other
Party 3(C)++ of the total construction cost as penalty.
2.    Party  A only  provides  Party  B  with  the  blueprint,  technology
information  and other main materials  needed for the  construction.
Other  machinery,  equipment  and tools shall be provided by Party B
itself.
3.    Party B shall  guarantee  the  quality of  construction  and conduct
quality control during the construction. If some work has to be done
again  as a  result  of  quality  failure,  Party B shall  bear  all
economic  losses.  If  some  work  has to be done  again  due to the
misplay  of any of the  technical  instructions  by Party A, Party A
shall bear the responsibility.
4.    During  construction,  Party B shall abide by rules and  regulations
and be obedient to Party A's management,  and complete  construction
in time. A reward/penalty  of RMB 2,000 yuan is implemented for each
day ahead of / behind the deadline. The construction period could be
correspondingly  prolonged in case of the force majeure or a rain or
snow lasting for over 4 hours.  If the  construction is suspended or
delayed  because the quality failure results in the stop of the work
or the work has to be  rectified  and  improved  as the  company  in
charge of the supervision so demands,  the construction period shall
not be prolonged.



<PAGE>

5.    After the project is contracted by Party B, it shall not subcontract
the  construction  to a third  party in any  form or by any  reason.
Otherwise,  it would be deemed as a breach of this  contract.  After
completing  the  contract,  Party  B  shall  hand  in to  Party A an
application for an acceptance  inspection in written form. After the
construction  got  accepted,  Party B shall  provide  an  acceptance
report of construction.

XI.   Settlement of Disputes:
Both parties  shall conduct  sincere  cooperation  and settle  disputes of
construction  through  friendly  negotiation.  If the  negotiation  fails,
either Party could take the dispute(s) to the local people's court.

XII.  This contract  shall become  effective upon the signature and seal of both
Parties.

XIII. This Contract has two originals, and each party shall hold one copy.


Party A: Shandong Bangsheng Chemical Co., Ltd. (seal)
Legal Representative:    /s/ Xu Qiqing

Party B: Chen Houzhi
Legal Representative:    /s/ Chen Houzhi

Date: April 1, 2005

