






EXHIBIT 10.5 TO SOY ENERGY, LLC FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED JULY 31, 2010



Exhibit 10.5


CONSTRUCTION AND DESIGN AGREEMENT

BETWEEN OWNER & PROJECT MANAGER


THIS CONSTRUCTION AND DESIGN AGREEMENT BETWEEN OWNER & PROJECT
MANAGER (together with its Exhibits, this “Agreement”) is made effective on
August 11, 2010 (the “Effective Date”) between:



















Owner:





Soy Energy,
LLC












PO Box 663












Marcus, IA
51035












Designated
Representative: RICK DAVIS












E-Mail: rdavis@midlands.net



















and Project
Manager:





Ball
Industrial Services, LLC












590 Market
Street












West Des
Moines, IA 50266












Designated
Representative: JIM HAGBERG












E-Mail: jhagberg@ball-construction.com

























Ball
Construction Services, LLC












590 Market
Street












West Des
Moines, IA 50266












Designated
Representative: BOB SODDERS












E-Mail:
bsodders@ball-construction.com



















for the
following Project:





Biodiesel
Plant Modifications












4172 19th St
SW












Mason City,
IA 50402.































TABLE OF ARTICLES

























1





GENERAL
PROVISIONS





3



















2





PROJECT
MANAGER’S RESPONSIBILITIES





6



















3





OWNER’S
RESPONSIBILITIES





17



















4





HAZARDOUS
MATERIALS AND EMERGENCIES





18



















5





COMPENSATION





19



















6





COST OF THE
WORK





20



















7





PAYMENTS





23



















8





INSURANCE
AND BONDS





26



















9





DISPUTE
RESOLUTION





27



















10





TERMINATION
OR SUSPENSION





28



















11





MISCELLANEOUS
PROVISIONS





30

























EXHIBITS

























A





Initial CSO,
Feedstock Biodiesel Specifications

























B





Preliminary
Arrangements



































C





Guaranteed
Maximum Price Amendment

























D





Soy Energy –
Biodiesel Plant Modification Budget

























E





Ball
Industrial Rate Sheet

























F





Initial
Project Timeline

























G





Key
Consultants and Subcontractors










Page 2 of 34





RECITALS


Owner desires to retain Project Manager to provide, and Project Manager
wishes to provide, Owner certain design, engineering, procurement, testing,
training, and construction services, labor, materials and supplies and
equipment for modifications to Owner’s existing biodiesel plant located at 4172
19th St SW, Mason City, Iowa (the “Plant”), as required to provide Owner the
ability to operate the Plant with multiple feedstocks for production at an
annualized production rate of 30,000,000 gallons of 100% biodiesel satisfying
ASTM D6571 specifications per year based upon a 345-day year, all as more specifically
provided in this Agreement.


AGREEMENT


Owner and Project Manager agree as follows:


ARTICLE 1  GENERAL PROVISIONS













§ 1.1


DEFINITIONS






Capitalized
terms used in the Contract Documents have the meanings set forth in the
preamble, this section and elsewhere in this Agreement. Unless otherwise
defined, words that have well-known technical or construction industry
meanings are used in accordance with such meanings.
















§ 1.1.1


APPLICATION FOR PAYMENT









Application
for Payment is defined in Section 7.2.1.
















§ 1.1.2


CHANGE ORDER









Change Order
is defined in Section 2.7.
















§ 1.1.3


CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENTS









Construction
Documents is defined in Section 2.3.3.
















§ 1.1.4


CONSTRUCTION PHASE









The
Construction Phase is the period commencing at the end of the second month of
Detailed Engineering and ending at Final Completion.
















§ 1.1.5


CONTINGENCY FUND









Contingency
Fund is defined in Section 5.3.
















§ 1.1.6


CONTRACT DOCUMENTS









Contract
Documents include only the following: this Agreement (including its
exhibits); written modifications, amendments and Change Orders to this
Agreement executed by Owner and Project Manager after the Effective Date,
and, upon completion by Project Manager and acceptance by Owner, the Preliminary
Construction Documents and Construction Documents.
















§ 1.1.7


CONTRACT TIME









Contract
Time is the period of time, including any adjustments authorized by Owner,
allotted in the Contract Documents for Substantial Completion of the Work.
















§ 1.1.8


COST OF THE WORK









Cost of the
Work is defined in Section 6.1.




Page
3 of 34























§ 1.1.9


DESIGN ENGINEER









Design
Engineer shall mean CJS Group Inc., the firm retained and paid by Project
Manager (subject to reimbursement by Owner as Cost of the Work) to provide
all professional engineering and other professional design services for the
Project, directly or through subconsultants approved by Owner, including the
key consultants listed in attached Exhibit G. Project Manager shall not replace
the Design Engineer or any of its key consultants without the approval of
Owner.
















§ 1.1.10


DETAILED ENGINEERING









Detailed
Engineering begins when the Project Manager receives an unrestricted Notice
to Proceed.
















§ 1.1.11


DRAWINGS









Drawings are
the graphic and pictorial portions of the Contract Documents showing the
design, location and dimensions of the Work, generally including plans,
elevations, sections, details, schedules and diagrams. Exhibit B provides
Preliminary Arrangements of the new equipment, additions and modifications,
which are the basis of the Guaranteed Maximum Price and shall be the basis of
the final Construction Documents.
















§ 1.1.12


FINAL COMPLETION









Final
Completion is defined in Section 2.4.3.
















§ 1.1.13


GUARANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE









Guaranteed
Maximum Price is defined in Section 5.2.
















§ 1.1.14


INDEPENDENT ENGINEER









Independent
Engineer is defined in Section 3.7.
















§ 1.1.15


NOTICE TO PROCEED









Project
Manager will begin Detailed Engineering when it receives an unrestricted
Notice To Proceed from the Owner. Notice To Proceed will be the point in time
when this Agreement has been executed, the acquisition of the Plant by Owner
has been consummated and Owner has closed on financing necessary to fund the
Project. Owner can begin Project activities sooner with a restricted Notice
to Proceed by funding activities shown in Exhibit F.
















§ 1.1.16


OWNER









Owner is Soy
Energy, LLC and where action is required by “Owner” such action may be taken
by its Designated Representative as defined in Section 3.5.
















§ 1.1.17


OWNER INDEMNIFIED PARTIES









Owner
Indemnified Parties is defined in Section 2.15.1.
















§ 1.1.18


OWNER’S LENDER









Owner’s
Lender is OSM-REO FF, LLC, a Minnesota limited liability company.
















§ 1.1.19


PERFORMANCE GUARANTEE CRITERIA









Performance
Guarantee Criteria is defined in Section 2.13 and consist of all the
guarantees listed in Exhibit A.
















§ 1.1.20


PERFORMANCE TEST









Performance
Test is defined in Section 2.14 and includes the Performance Tests described
in Exhibit A.




Page
4 of 34























§ 1.1.21


PRELIMINARY ARRANGEMENT









Preliminary
Arrangement means the schematic diagram of the Project prepared by Project
Manager and accepted by Owner before the Effective Date, attached to this
Agreement as Exhibit B.
















§ 1.1.22


PRELIMINARY CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENTS









Preliminary
Construction Documents is defined in Section 2.3.2.
















§ 1.1.23


PROJECT









The Project
is the design and construction of modifications of Owner’s biodiesel plant
required to operate the biodiesel plant with the capability to use multiple
feedstocks for production (including, without limitation, the ability to use
100% Corn Stillage Oil (CSO) for all of its production needs alone or in combination
with suitable quality and quantity of animal fats, other free fatty acids (up
to 15% FFA), or crude or refined soybean oil) at an annualized production
rate of 30,000,000 gallons of 100% biodiesel satisfying ASTM D6571
specifications, per year based upon a 345-day year. The modifications shall
be in accordance with the requirements of the Contract Documents as more
specifically provided in Exhibit A.
















§ 1.1.24


PROJECT MANAGER









Project
Manager collectively refers to Ball Industrial Services, LLC and Ball
Construction Services, LLC.
















§ 1.1.25


SCHEDULE OF VALUES









Schedule of
Values is attached as Exhibit D. The Schedule of Values is an estimate based
on budgeted costs and may be modified to reflect costs set forth in final
subcontracts and supply contracts.
















§ 1.1.26


SPECIFICATIONS









Specifications
are the written requirements for materials, equipment, systems, standards and
workmanship for the Work, and performance of related services to be prepared
by Project Manager and approved by Owner. Owner shall promptly review and
respond to any requests for approval of specifications in order to keep the
Project on the timeline for Scheduled Substantial Completion.
















§ 1.1.27


SUBCONTRACTOR









Subcontractor
means any person or entity retained by Project Manager to perform a portion
of the Work pursuant to Section 2.5, including without limitation, the Design
Engineer, any other consultant, trade contractors, and suppliers of materials
and equipment for the Project.
















§ 1.1.28


SCHEDULED SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION DATE









Scheduled
Substantial Completion Date is defined in Section 2.4.2.
















§ 1.1.29


SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION









Substantial
Completion is defined in Section 2.4.2.
















§ 1.1.30


WORK









Work means
all engineering, design, procurement, construction management, construction,
testing, training on the plant modifications, inspection, labor and other
services, and all materials, tools, equipment, and machinery, which are
required to complete the design, construction and equipping of the Project
and that are related to, associated with, or incidental to Project Manager’s
obligations under the Contract Documents, including those not shown in




Page
5 of 34


























the Drawings
and Specifications that are otherwise necessary or advisable to complete the
Project in accordance with the standard of care provided in Contract
Documents.













§ 1.2


PRE-CONSTRUCTION PHASE MATTERS






Project
Manager’s Pre-Construction Phase responsibilities, compensation and payments
are set forth in a separate Agreement entitled “Phase 1 Engineering Services
– Scope Definition.”













§ 1.3


CONFLICTING PROVISIONS






The body of
this Agreement and the Exhibits are intended to be complementary and
interpreted to avoid conflict, with words and phrases interpreted in a manner
consistent with construction and design industry standards, and shall be
interpreted, if possible, to give effect to each part and to avoid or
minimize conflicts. If there is nevertheless any conflict or inconsistency
between the body of this Agreement and any Exhibit, (1) such conflict or
inconsistency shall be resolved in a manner that is consistent with the
Performance Guarantee Criteria and reasonably acceptable to Owner and (2) the
terms of this Agreement shall prevail for purposes of determining whether
Project Manager is entitled to an adjustment in the Guaranteed Maximum Price
or the Scheduled Substantial Completion Date as a result of any changes in
the Work required to resolve any conflict or inconsistency. Project Manager shall
prepare Construction Documents that are consistent with this Agreement. If
there is a conflict or inconsistency between this Agreement (including the
Exhibits) and the Construction Documents that Owner has not authorized or
approved in writing, Project Manager shall at Project Manager’s expense (1)
revise the Construction Documents to reconcile the conflict or inconsistency
in a manner that is consistent with the Performance Guarantee Criteria and
reasonably acceptable to Owner and (2) correct Work, if any, Project Manager
has performed that does not conform with the revised Construction Documents.













ARTICLE 2  PROJECT MANAGER’S
RESPONSIBILITIES













§ 2.1


GENERAL






Project
Manager accepts the relationship of trust and confidence established by this
Agreement and covenants with Owner to exercise Project Manager’s skill and
judgment in furthering the interests of Owner; to furnish through duly
licensed professionals all civil, structural, mechanical, electrical and
other engineering services, surveying services, and, to the extent necessary
to complete the Project, architecture and other professional design services;
to furnish efficient construction administration, management services and
supervision; to furnish at all times an adequate supply of workers and
materials; and to perform the Work in an expeditious and economical manner
consistent with Owner’s interests. Project Manager shall perform, directly or
through Subcontractors, all Work and provide all services, labor, materials,
supplies, tools and equipment, necessary to complete the Project in
accordance with applicable law, the Performance Guarantee Criteria and the
Contract Documents. The enumeration of specific duties and obligations to be
performed by Project Manager in this Agreement and in the Contract Documents
shall not limit the general undertakings of Project Manager.













§ 2.2


STANDARD OF CARE






Project
Manager (including its consultants and Subcontractors) shall perform all
professional engineering, construction and related services under this
Agreement with the care, skill, competence, expertise and efficiency
ordinarily used and accepted in the industry by those practicing under
similar circumstances for similar projects in the Midwest.













§ 2.3


PROFESSIONAL SERVICES
















§ 2.3.1


General









Project
Manager shall provide all engineering, testing, consulting and other
professional services required to complete the Work through the Design
Engineer, who shall cause such




Page 6 of 34





























services to
be provided by properly licensed design professionals, whose signature and
seal shall appear on all Drawings, Specifications, calculations,
certifications, shop drawings and other submittals prepared by such
professionals. Shop drawings and other submittals related to the Work designed
or certified by such professional, if prepared by others, shall bear such
professional’s written approval when submitted to Owner. Owner shall be
entitled to rely upon the adequacy, accuracy and completeness of the
services, certifications and approvals performed or provided by Project
Manager through the Design Engineer.



















§ 2.3.2


Preliminary Construction Documents









Within Five
(5) business days after the Effective Date, Project Manager shall provide the
current revision of the following documents to Owner (together with any other
documents Project Manager and Owner reasonably agree are necessary to
document the preliminary design of the Project, the “Preliminary Construction
Documents”), which shall be prepared by the Design Engineer and be consistent
with the Preliminary Arrangements and, upon approval by Owner, shall be part
of the Contract Documents:



















(a)


major
equipment lists, with sizes;






















(b)


process flow
diagram;






















(c)


process
design criteria and/or process description; and






















(d)


site layout.























Owner shall
within Ten (10) business days after receipt of the Preliminary Construction
Documents review and approve such documents. The Preliminary Construction
Documents shall establish performance standards for the completed Project and
identify components required to meet those performance standards. Project
Manager shall have the right to revise the layout of the equipment and
substitute specific pieces of equipment, provided the completed Project shall
conform to or exceed the performance standards established by the Contract
Documents.



















§ 2.3.3


Construction Documents









Project
Manager shall provide through qualified, licensed design professionals
employed by Project Manager, or procured from qualified, independent licensed
Design Consultants, the necessary design services, including architectural,
engineering and other design professional services, for the preparation of
the required drawings, specifications and other design submittals required to
otherwise facilitate construction of the Work in accordance with this
Agreement, the Performance Guarantee Criteria and the Preliminary
Construction Documents (such Drawings, Specifications and design submittals
collectively and together with the Preliminary Construction Documents, are
the “Construction Documents”).



















§ 2.3.4


Construction Administration









Project
Manager shall cause the Design Engineer to provide construction
administration services to ensure that the construction of the Work conforms
with the Construction Documents, which services shall include, without
limitation: observation of the construction of the Work as it progresses;
review of test and inspection reports; certification of Applications For
Payment, Project Manager’s notices of Substantial Completion and Final
Completion; and review and approval of shop drawings and other submittals.




Page 7 of 34




















§ 2.4


CONTRACT TIME
















§ 2.4.1


General









Time is of
the essence with respect to the dates and times set forth in the Contract
Documents, including Exhibit F hereto. Project Manager shall commence the
Work when it receives the Notice to Proceed unless the parties mutually agree
otherwise in writing. Project Manager, directly and through its
Subcontractors, shall maintain adequate personnel, equipment, and materials
to complete all Work within the Contract Time until Final Completion has been
achieved.
















§ 2.4.2


Substantial Completion; Re-commissioning of the Plant









Substantial
Completion of the Work shall be achieved no later than two hundred seventy
(270) days after the date the Notice to Proceed has been delivered to Project
Manager (the “Scheduled Substantial Completion Date”). Substantial Completion
shall be deemed to occur on the date on which the Work satisfies the
Performance Guarantee Criteria and is sufficiently complete so that Owner can
occupy and use the Project for its intended purposes. The actual Substantial
Completion shall be determined, and the Scheduled Substantial Completion Date
may be adjusted, in accordance with this Section 2.4.2.



















No later
than sixty (60) days before the date that Project Manager expects to achieve
Substantial Completion, Project Manager will notify Owner of the estimated
date of Substantial Completion. Owner, with the cooperation and assistance of
Project Manager, will re-commission the existing Plant and bring it up to
full capacity converting crude soybean oil to ASTM-quality biodiesel at an
annualized rate of 30,000,000 gallons within sixty (60) days after notice
from Project Manager. If Project Manager does not achieve Substantial
Completion on or before the Scheduled Substantial Completion Date solely due
to Owner’s failure to successfully re-commission the Plant, there will be a
one-day extension of the Scheduled Substantial Completion Date for each day
of such Owner-caused delay. However, no extension to the Scheduled
Substantial Completion Date will be made if Owner was delayed or prevented
from re-commissioning the Plant by acts or omissions of Project Manager.

























§ 2.4.3


Final Completion









Final
Completion of the entire Work shall be achieved on the date Owner reasonably
determines that:



















(a)


Substantial
Completion has been achieved;






















(b)


all
outstanding items of Work have been completed by Project Manager;






















(c)


clean-up of
the Plant has been completed;






















(d)


release and
waiver of all claims and liens from Project Manager and Subcontractors have
been provided.






















§ 2.4.4


Substantial Completion Notice and Procedures









Project
Manager shall notify Owner in writing when it believes Substantial Completion
has been achieved with respect to the Work, which notice shall include a
certification by the Design Engineer that the Work is complete in accordance
with the Contract Documents, Performance Testing pursuant to Section 2.14 has
been completed, and the Work satisfies the Performance Guarantee Criteria.
Within five (5) Days of Owner’s receipt of Project Manager’s notice, Owner,
Independent Engineer and Project Manager will jointly inspect such Work to
verify that the Work satisfies the Performance Guarantee Criteria and is
sufficiently complete so that




Page
8 of 34


























Owner can
occupy and use the Project for its intended purposes. If Owner, Independent
Engineer and Project Manager agree such Work is deemed Substantially
Complete, Project Manager shall prepare and issue a “Certificate of
Substantial Completion” for the Work that will set forth (i) the date of
Substantial Completion, which will be the date that Owner has accepted the
Work, (ii) certification by Project Manager and Design Engineer that the Work
satisfies the Performance Guarantee Criteria and (iii) an acknowledgment by
Owner that warranties with respect to the Work commence on the date of
Substantial Completion.
















§ 2.4.5


Final Completion Notice and Procedures









Project
Manager shall notify Owner in writing when it believes Final Completion has
been achieved with respect to the Work. Within five (5) Days of Owner’s
receipt of Project Manager’s notice, Owner and Project Manager will jointly
inspect such Work to verify that it is finally complete in accordance with
the requirements of the Contract Documents. If Owner, Independent Engineer
and Project Manager agree the Work is finally complete, Project Manager shall
prepare and issue a “Certificate of Final Completion” for the Work.

























§ 2.4.6


Items Provided by Project Manager









At the time
of submission of its Final Application for Payment, Project Manager shall
provide:






















(a)


an affidavit
that there are no claims, obligations or liens outstanding or unsatisfied for
labor, services, material, equipment, taxes or other items performed,
furnished or incurred for or in connection with the Work;






















(b)


a general
release executed by Project Manager waiving, upon receipt of final payment by
Project Manager, all claims for payment, additional compensation, or damages
for delay, except those previously made to Owner in writing and remaining
unsettled at the time of Final Payment;






















(c)


consent of
Project Manager’s surety, if any, to Final Payment; and






















(d)


a hard copy
of all Drawings, Specifications and any other Contract Documents developed
after the Effective Date.






















§2.4.7


Liquidated Damages









If
Substantial Completion is not attained within forty-five (45) days of the
Scheduled Substantial Completion Date, Owner will suffer damages which are
difficult to determine and accurately specify. Project Manager shall pay
Owner five thousand five hundred dollars ($5,500) as liquidated damages, and
not as a penalty, for each day that Substantial Completion extends beyond
forty-five (45) days after the Scheduled Substantial Completion Date;
provided, however, that liquidated damages under this section shall not
exceed an aggregate of $350,000. Owner, at its discretion, may elect to
offset any such liquidated damages from the Project Manager’s Fee. Project
Manager shall not be obligated to pay any liquidated damages if the cause for
the delay is due to actions or omissions of Owner. The liquidated damages
provided herein shall be in lieu of all liability occasioned solely by any
delay in achieving Substantial Completion; however, liquidated damages shall
not limit any of Owner’s remedies or Project Manager’s liabilities in
connection with any other claims, including, without limitation, any claims
arising in connection with satisfaction of the Performance Guarantee
Criteria.













§ 2.5


SUBCONTRACTORS






Project
Manager shall employ only Subcontractors that are duly licensed and qualified.





Page
9 of 34























§ 2.5.1


Generally; Responsibility









Those
portions of the Work that Project Manager does not customarily perform with
Project Manager’s own personnel shall be performed by Subcontractors under
written subcontracts, purchase orders, subconsultant agreements, or other
appropriate written agreements with Project Manager (“Subcontracts”). Project
Manager shall coordinate the activities of all of Project Manager’s
Subcontractors. Project Manager assumes responsibility for the proper performance
of the Work of Subcontractors and any acts and omissions in connection with
such performance. Nothing in the Contract Documents is intended or deemed to
create any legal or contractual relationship between Owner and any
Subcontractor, provided Owner shall be a third-party beneficiary of Project
Manager’s rights under any Subcontract. Organization of the Specifications
into divisions, sections and articles and the arrangement of Drawings shall
not control Project Manager in dividing the Work among Subcontractors or in
establishing the extent of Work to be performed by any trade.
















§2.5.2


Bids; Selection









Project
Manager shall obtain bids from Subcontractors and from suppliers of materials
or equipment fabricated especially for the Work and shall review such bids
with Owner. Project Manager shall select and accept bids with Owner’s prior
approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. Project Manager
represents that it has identified and provided information to Owner regarding
all key Subcontractors and suppliers, and Owner has had an opportunity to
review such information and make any objections known prior to execution of
this Agreement, and a list of all such key Subcontractors and suppliers is
attached to the Agreement as Exhibit G.
















§ 2.5.3


Subcontract Provisions









Subcontracts
or other agreements shall require the Subcontractor to perform its portion of
the Work in accordance with the Contract Documents, to be bound to Project
Manager by the Contract Documents to the same extent Project Manager is bound
to Owner, and to conform to the applicable compensation and payment
provisions of this Agreement. The Subcontract will provide Owner with the
same audit rights with regard to the Subcontractor as Owner receives with
regard to Project Manager under this Agreement. Each Subcontract shall
require the Subcontractor to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Owner, name
Owner an additional insured on its general liability policies, and to conform
with the dispute resolution provisions of this Agreement. Project Manager
shall ensure that each subcontract is assignable to Owner without consent of
the Subcontractor or any other person or entity if Project Manager defaults
on its obligations or the Agreement is terminated with cause. Project Manager
shall provide Owner and Owner’s Lender with copies of each executed
Subcontract within seven (7) days after execution of the Subcontract.
















§2.5.4


Related Parties









If Project
Manager engages a Subcontractor that may be considered a Related Party, then
Project Manager shall promptly notify Owner in writing of such relationship
and the specific nature of the contemplated transaction. “Related Party”
includes a parent, subsidiary, affiliate or other entity having common
ownership or management with Project Manager; any entity in which any
stockholder in, or management employee of, Project Manager owns any interest
in excess of ten percent in the aggregate; any person or entity which has the
right to control the business or affairs of the Project; or any member of the
immediate family of any of the foregoing.




Page
10 of 34




















§ 2.6


ADMINISTRATION AND REPORTS













§ 2.6.1


Meetings









Before
commencement of the Construction Phase services, Project Manager and Owner
shall hold an initial meeting to review and discuss the Work. After the
commencement of the Construction Phase services, Project Manager shall
schedule and conduct meetings with Owner at least every 2 weeks to discuss
such matters as procedures, progress, coordination, scheduling, and status of
the Work. Project Manager shall prepare and promptly distribute minutes to
Owner. In addition to such meetings, Project Manager shall communicate
regularly with Owner regarding the status and condition of the Work.
















§ 2.6.2


Progress Reports









Project
Manager shall record the progress of the Project. On at least a monthly
basis, Project Manager shall submit written progress reports to Owner,
showing percentages of completion and other reasonable information requests
made by Owner. Project Manager shall also keep, and make available to Owner,
a daily log containing a record for each day of weather, portions of the Work
in progress, number of workers on site, identification of equipment on site,
problems that might affect progress of the Work, accidents, injuries, and
other reasonable information requests made by Owner.
















§ 2.6.3


Cost Control









Project
Manager shall develop a system of cost control for the Work, including
regular monitoring of actual costs for activities in progress and estimates
for uncompleted tasks and proposed changes. Project Manager shall identify
variances between actual and budgeted costs and report the variances to Owner
and shall provide this information in its monthly reports to Owner. Nothing
in this section shall affect Project Manager’s obligations with respect to
the Guaranteed Maximum Price.
















§ 2.6.4


Construction Documents









Project
Manager shall maintain at the Plant a current, complete set of Construction
Documents, as issued and approved for the building permit. Owner and
Independent Engineer shall have the right to review such Construction
Documents.













§ 2.7


CHANGES TO THE WORK






Owner and
Project Manager may mutually agree in writing to changes to the Work that are
within the general scope of this Agreement consisting of additions, deletions
or other revisions (each written order, a “Change Order”). To be effective,
any adjustment to the Scheduled Substantial Completion Date or Guaranteed
Maximum Price because of changes in the Work must be specified in a written
Change Order signed by Project Manager and Owner, specifying the work to be
done, and any adjustments in the Guaranteed Maximum Price or the Scheduled
Substantial Completion Date. A Change Order shall be executed before
proceeding with the change in the Work except in the event of an emergency
affecting the safety of persons or property, in which case Project Manager
shall act at its discretion and shall be paid an amount equal to the
reasonable Cost of the Work incurred in the event of the emergency plus a fee
which shall be not more than a percentage that is proportional to the Project
Manager’s Fee.
















§ 2.7.1


Concealed Conditions






Project
Manager represents that Project Manager has visited the existing Plant, is
generally familiar with the local conditions under which the Work will be
performed, and has correlated personal observations and information obtained
from all known sources and accounted for such observations and information in
the Construction Documents, the Project schedule and the Guaranteed Maximum
Price. If Project Manager encounters concealed or unknown conditions of an
unusual nature that affect the performance of the Work and vary from those
reasonably anticipated by Project Manager below ground or in an




Page
11 of 34























existing
structure, and those conditions are not ordinarily found to exist or differ
from those generally recognized as inherent in work of the character provided
for in this Agreement, the Project Manager shall promptly give notice of the
conditions to Owner, and, if possible, before the conditions are disturbed,
and provide Owner with a proposed Change Order for addressing such
conditions. The Scheduled Substantial Completion Date shall be equitably
extended (but in no event less than a one-day extension for each day the Work
is delayed) to the extent of the interference with the Work for the concealed
or unknown conditions by Change Order upon claim by either party.
















§ 2.7.2


Delays






If Project
Manager is delayed at any time in the progress of the Work by any act or
neglect of Owner; or by any employee of Owner, or by any separate contractor
employed by Owner, or by changes ordered in the Work, or by labor disputes,
fire, unusual delay in transportation, fuel, material, or labor shortages or
unavailability, unavoidable casualties, action or inaction of governmental
authority, or any other causes beyond Project Manager’s control, the Date of
Substantial Completion shall be extended by a period equal to such delay.













§ 2.8


GOVERNMENTAL APPROVALS






Project
Manager shall obtain and pay for all necessary permits, approvals, licenses
and inspection fees required by any government entity having jurisdiction
over the Project for prosecution of the Work. Owner shall obtain and pay for
all necessary permits, approvals, licenses and inspection fees required to
properly own and operate the Project. Owner shall be responsible for
obtaining and paying for all air permit issues related to the Plant. Project
Manager will provide Owner any required information about the character and
quantities of emissions from construction activities and the completed
Project. Additionally, Project Manager and Owner shall work with and assist
each other as they pursue their responsibilities related to this section.













§ 2.9


WARRANTIES
















§2.9.1


Project Manager Warranty of the Work









Project
Manager warrants and guarantees to Owner that all of the Work completed by
Project Manager, including all materials and equipment furnished as part of
the construction, shall be new unless otherwise approved by Owner in Writing,
of good quality, in conformance with the Contract Documents and all legal
requirements, and free of defects in materials and workmanship. For twelve
months from the date of Substantial Completion, Owner’s remedies for breach
of this Warranty will include all labor and materials required to correct any
deficiencies in the Work, provided that the warranty shall exclude remedies
for damages caused by Owner’s abuse, Owner’s modifications not executed by
Project Manager, improper or insufficient maintenance or service by Owner,
improper operation by Owner, or normal wear and tear due to normal usage.
Nothing in this warranty is intended to limit any manufacturer’s warranty
which provides Owner with greater warranty rights than set forth in this
section or to otherwise limit remedies available to Owner.
















§2.9.2


Manufacturer and Subcontractor’s Warranties









Project
Manager will provide to Owner all manufacturers’ and Subcontractors’
warranties upon the earlier of Substantial Completion or termination of this
Agreement.
















§ 2.9.3


Correction of Defective Work









For a period
of one (1) year from the date of Substantial Completion of the Work, Project
Manager will correct any Work that is not in conformance with the Contract
Documents (such Work being “Defective Work”). Failure of the Plant to perform
in accordance with the Performance Guarantee Criteria shall be presumed due
to Defective Work unless due to: (a) the failure of Owner to maintain and
operate the Plant in accordance with instructions provided by




Page
12 of 34


























Project
Manager and ordinary industry practices; or (b) a failure or limitation of
pre-existing Plant equipment not attributable to the Work. If the Plant fails
to perform in accordance with the Performance Guarantee Criteria due to
Defective Work, such one (1)-year period shall be extended one (1) day for
each day that the Plant is not operating in conformance with the Contract
Documents due to the Defective Work. Project Manager shall, within seven (7)
days of receipt of written notice of Defective Work from Owner, take
meaningful steps to commence the correction, repair or replacement of the
Defective Work and any Work damaged by Defective Work.
















§2.9.4


No Limitation of Remedies









The warranty
period applies only to Project Manager’s obligation to correct Defective Work
and is not intended to constitute a limitation on remedies available to Owner
against Project Manager for Defective Work, or a period of limitations for
any rights or remedies Owner may have regarding any of Project Manager’s
obligations under the Contract Documents.
















§2.9.5


Disputed Warranty Claims









Project
Manager shall have the right to dispute any Defective Work claim by Owner
pursuant to Article 9 of this Agreement. If the claim arises from the failure
of the Plant to perform in accordance with the Performance Guarantee
Criteria, Project Manager shall endeavor to discover and correct the cause of
such failure pending resolution of the dispute. The sole issue for resolution
in any such dispute resolution process shall be whether such failure was
caused by Defective Work. If such failure was not caused by Defective Work,
Project Manager shall be entitled to compensation for its investigative and
corrective work, including reasonable overhead and profit.
















§ 2.9.6


No Consequential Damages









Project
Manager shall not be liable to Owner for any special, punitive, incidental,
indirect or consequential damages (including without limitation, loss of
production, loss of profits, loss of use or loss of contracts) arising from
the breach of any warranty contained herein, except to the extent covered by
insurance.













§ 2.10


LICENSES
















§ 2.10.1


General









Project
Manager hereby grants to Owner a license to use the Work product and
Construction Documents in connection with Owner’s occupancy, operation,
maintenance and repair of the Project. Project Manager acknowledges and
agrees that the license to use the Work product and Construction Documents
granted hereby shall provide Owner sufficient rights in and to the Work
product and Construction Documents as shall be necessary for Owner solely to
operate and maintain the Project and shall not be used for any other purpose.

















§ 2.10.2


License upon Termination or Default









If this
Agreement is terminated prior to completion of the Project, the license
granted under Section 2.10.1 shall automatically terminate and be replaced by
a license to use the Work product and Construction Documents to complete the
Project and subsequently occupy, operate, maintain and repair the Project,
provided that if Project Manager is not then in default under this Agreement,
Owner shall pay all amounts then due and payable though the date of
termination to Project Manager.













§ 2.11


PROJECT START-UP AND TESTING






Project
Manager shall provide supervision, standard and special test instruments,
tools, equipment and materials required to perform component and equipment
checkout and testing, initial start-up, operations




Page
13 of 34























supervision
and corrective maintenance of all permanent Project equipment within the
scope of the Work. Project Manager shall train, supervise and direct Owner’s
employees and personnel who shall participate in the start-up activities with
Project Manager’s personnel to become familiar with all aspects of the
Project. Owner and the Independent Engineer may witness start-up and testing
activities.













§ 2.12


POST COMPLETION SUPPORT






Project
Manager will provide (a) two (2) months of on-site operational support for
Owner’s personnel after successful completion of the Performance Tests; (b)
one on-site inspection of the Plant to confirm that the Plant is capable of
operating in accordance with the Performance Guarantee Criteria in each of
the third, sixth, ninth, and twelfth months following the date of Substantial
Completion; and (c) for one (1) year from the date of Substantial Completion,
will provide up to two hundred (200) hours of off-site technical and
operating procedure support by telephone and other electronic data
transmission and communication. Any additional support services not otherwise
required by this Section and not required to correct Defective Work pursuant
to Section 2.9.3 shall be compensated by Owner at Project Manager’s stated
rates or as otherwise agreed by the parties.













§ 2.13


PERFORMANCE GUARANTEE






Project
Manager guarantees that the Project will meet the performance criteria listed
in Exhibit A (the “Performance Guarantee Criteria”) during a Performance Test
conducted and concluded pursuant to the terms hereof prior to the Scheduled
Substantial Completion Date and for a period of one (1)-year after the date
of Substantial Completion. If the Project fails to meet the Performance
Guarantee Criteria prior to the Scheduled Substantial Completion Date,
Project Manager will make the necessary corrections and re-test until the
Project meets the Performance Guarantee Criteria, which correction and
retesting shall be reimbursable as a Cost of the Work, subject to the
Guaranteed Maximum Price. For a period of one (1)-year after the date of
Substantial Completion, Project Manager shall be responsible for correction
and retesting at Project Manager’s expense, pursuant to Section 2.9.3.













§ 2.14


PERFORMANCE TESTING






Project
Manager shall direct tests and, if necessary, any re-tests, of the Project to
demonstrate, at a minimum, compliance with the Performance Guarantee Criteria
(the “Performance Tests”). No later than Forty-five (45) Days prior to the
earlier of the Scheduled Substantial Completion Date or Substantial
Completion, Project Manager shall provide to Owner for review a detailed
testing plan for the Performance Tests. Owner and Project Manager shall agree
upon a testing plan that shall be consistent with the Performance Guarantee
Criteria and Test Protocols contained in Exhibit A hereto. After such
agreement has been reached, Project Manager shall notify Owner five (5)
business days prior to the date Project Manager intends to commence the Performance
Tests. Project Manager shall provide to Owner a Performance Test report,
including all applicable test data, calculations and certificates indicating
the results of the Performance Tests and, within five (5) business days of
Owner’s receipt of such results, Owner, Independent Engineer and Project
Manager will jointly inspect such Work and review the results of the
Performance Tests to verify that the Performance Guarantee Criteria have been
met. If Owner or Independent Engineer reasonably determines that the
Performance Guarantee Criteria have not been met, Owner shall notify Project
Manager in writing stating the reasons why Owner determined that the
Performance Guarantee Criteria have not been met. Project Manager shall,
within seven (7) days of receipt of such written notice from Owner, undertake
correction and retesting. Notice and testing procedures shall be repeated as
necessary until Project Manager, Owner and Independent Engineer verify that
the Performance Guarantee Criteria have been met. Project Manager shall have
the right to dispute any determination by Owner or Independent Engineer that
the Performance Guarantee Criteria have not been met pursuant to Article 9 of
this Agreement. The sole issue for resolution in any such dispute resolution process
shall be (1) whether the Performance Guarantee Criteria have or have not been
met and (2) if the Performance Guarantee Criteria have not been met, whether
that failure is due to: (a) the failure of Owner to maintain and operate the
Plant in accordance with the instructions provided by Project Manager, the
“Crude CSO Specifications” or other standards to which Project




Page
14 of 34























Manager and
Owner may agree, and ordinary industry practices or (b) due to a failure or
limitation of pre-existing Plant equipment not attributable to the Work. If
the Performance Guarantee Criteria have been met, or if the Performance
Guarantee Criteria have not been met due to the failure of Owner or
pre-existing Plant equipment, then Project Manager shall be entitled to
compensation for its re-testing and any unnecessary corrective work,
including reasonable overhead and profit.













§ 2.15


INDEMNIFICATION
















§ 2.15.1


Project Manager’s General Indemnification









Project
Manager, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall indemnify, defend and
hold harmless Owner and their successors, assigns, officers, directors,
employees and agents (“Owner Indemnified Parties”) from and against losses,
costs, damages, injuries, liabilities, claims, demands, penalties, interest
and causes of action, including without limitation, attorney’s fees for
bodily injury, sickness or death, and property damage or destruction (other
than to the Work itself) to the extent resulting from the negligent or
wrongful acts or omissions of Project Manager, Subcontractors, anyone
employed directly or indirectly by any of them or anyone for whose acts any
of them may be liable. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
Project Manager shall fully indemnify, defend and save harmless Owner
Indemnified Parties from and against losses, costs, damages, injuries,
liabilities, claims, demands, penalties interest and causes of action,
including without limitation attorney’s fees, in favor of any governmental
authority or other third party to the extent caused by (a) failure of Project
Manager or any Subcontractor to comply with legal requirements as required by
this Agreement, or (b) failure of Project Manager or any Subcontractor to
properly administer and pay any taxes or fees required to be paid by Project
Manager under this Agreement.

























§ 2.15.2


Payment Claim Indemnification









(a)


To the
extent Project Manager has received payment for the Work, Project Manager
shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Owner Indemnified Parties from any
claims or mechanic’s liens brought against Owner or the Project as a result
of the failure of Project Manager, or those for whose acts it is responsible,
to pay for any services, materials, labor, equipment, taxes or other items or
obligations furnished or incurred for or in connection with the Work. Within
three (3) business days of receiving written notice from Owner that such a
claim or mechanic’s lien has been filed, Project Manager shall commence to
take the steps necessary to discharge such claim or lien.






















§ 2.15.3


Owner’s General Indemnification









Owner, to
the fullest extent permitted by law, shall indemnify, defend and hold
harmless Project Manager and their successors, assigns, officers, directors,
employees and agents (“Project Manager Indemnified Parties”) from and against
losses, costs, damages, injuries, liabilities, claims, demands, penalties,
interest and causes of action, including without limitation, attorney’s fees
for bodily injury, sickness or death, and property damage or destruction
(other than to the Work itself) to the extent resulting from the negligent or
wrongful acts or omissions of Owner, anyone employed directly or indirectly
by Owner or anyone for whose acts Owner may be liable. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, Owner shall fully indemnify, defend and save
harmless Project Manager Indemnified Parties from and against losses, costs,
damages, injuries, liabilities, claims, demands, penalties, interest and
causes of action, including without limitation attorney’s fees, in favor of
any governmental authority or other third party to the extent caused by (a)
failure of Owner to comply with legal requirements as required by this
Agreement, or (b) failure of Owner to properly administer and pay any taxes
or fees required to be paid by Owner under this Agreement.




Page
15 of 34




















§ 2.16


PATENT AND COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
















§ 2.16.1


Indemnification









Project
Manager shall indemnify, hold harmless and defend Owner Indemnified Parties
from and against any and all losses, costs, damages, injuries, liabilities,
claims, demands, penalties, interest and causes of action, including without
limitation attorney’s fees for bodily injury, sickness or death, and property
damage or destruction based on any claim that the Work, or any part thereof,
or the operation or use of the Work or any part thereof, constitutes
infringement of any United States or foreign patent, copyright or other
intellectual property, now or hereafter issued.
















§ 2.16.2


Other Obligations









If Project
Manager has reason to believe that a required design, process or product of
the Work is an infringement of a copyright or patent, the Project Manager
shall notify Owner promptly in writing; provided that such notification shall
not relieve Project Manager of any of its duties under this Agreement,
including under § 2.16.1 or this § 2.16.2. If Owner is enjoined from the
operation or use of the Work, the Project, or any part thereof, as the result
of any patent or copyright suit, claim, or proceeding due to the modification
of the Plant, Project Manager shall, at its sole expense, take reasonable
steps to procure the right to operate or use the Work or the Project. If
Project Manager cannot so procure such right within a reasonable amount of
time, Project Manager shall promptly, at Project Manager’s option and sole
expense, (i) modify the Work so as to avoid infringement of any such patent
or copyright or (ii) replace the Work with Work that does not infringe or
violate any such patent, copyright, trade secret, proprietary right,
confidential information or intellectual property right.













§ 2.17


MAINTENANCE OF PROJECT SITE






Project
Manager shall keep the Project site reasonably free from debris, trash and
construction wastes to permit Project Manager to perform its construction
services efficiently, safely and without interfering with the use of adjacent
land areas. Upon Final Completion of the Work, Project Manager shall remove
all debris, trash, construction wastes, materials, equipment, machinery and
tools arising from the Work to permit Owner to operate the Project for its
intended use.













§ 2.18


PROJECT SAFETY






Project
Manager recognizes the importance of performing the Work in a safe manner so
as to prevent damage, injury or loss to (i) any individuals at the Plant,
whether working or visiting, (ii) the Work, including materials and equipment
incorporated into the Work or stored on-site or off-site, and (iii) any other
property at the Plant or adjacent thereto. Project Manager assumes responsibility
for implementing and monitoring all safety precautions and programs related
to the performance of the Work. Project Manager and Subcontractors shall
comply with all legal requirements relating to safety, as well as any
Owner-specific safety requirements set forth in the Contract Documents. As
promptly as practicable, Project Manager will report in writing any
safety-related injury, loss, damage or accident arising from the Work to
Owner’s Designated Representative and, to the extent mandated by legal
requirements, to all government or quasi-government authorities having
jurisdiction over safety-related matters involving the Project or the Work.
Project Manager’s responsibility for safety under this Section is not
intended in any way to relieve Subcontractors of their own contractual and
legal obligations and responsibility for (i) complying with all legal
requirements, including those related to health and safety matters, and (ii)
taking all necessary measures to implement and monitor all safety precautions
and programs to guard against injury, losses, damages or accidents resulting
from their performance of the Work.










§ 2.19


INTEGRATION OF PROJECT INTO BIODIESEL PLANT






Project
Manager shall perform all services reasonably necessary to fully integrate
the Project into the existing biodiesel Plant so that the Project operates in
accordance with the Contract Documents and performs in accordance with the
Performance Guarantee Criteria.




Page
16 of 34




















ARTICLE 3  OWNER’S RESPONSIBILITIES













§ 3.1


PAYMENTS






Owner shall
pay for Work performed in accordance with this Agreement, up to the
Guaranteed Maximum Price, pursuant to Articles 5 and 7.










§ 3.2


TESTING AND PREPARATION






Owner will:
(a) start and operate the Plant using crude soybean oil before Substantial
Completion as provided in Section 2.4.2; and (b) with Project Manager’s
assistance, clean & purge the Plant to make it Methanol-free and suitable
for normal retrofit construction.










§ 3.3


INFORMATION AND SERVICES REQUIRED OF OWNER
















§ 3.3.1


During the
Construction Phase, Owner shall furnish information or services required of
Owner by the Contract Documents with reasonable promptness. Owner shall also
furnish any other information or services under Owner’s control and relevant
to Project Manager’s performance of the Work with reasonable promptness after
receiving Project Manager’s written request for such information or services.
Project Manager shall be entitled to reasonably rely on the accuracy of
information and services furnished by Owner, provided Project Manager shall
review such information in light of Project Manager’s experience,
observations of the Plant, and information obtained by Project Manager from
other sources. If Project Manager discovers any apparent discrepancies within
or among information obtained by Project Manager from any source, Project
Manager shall exercise its reasonable judgment in reconciling such
discrepancies before acting in reliance on the information. Project Manager
shall exercise proper precautions relating to the safe performance of the
Work.
















§ 3.3.2


To its
knowledge, Owner has provided Project Manager any design and “As-Built”
documentation for the facility that it has in its possession as of the
Effective Date of this Agreement. Owner shall take commercially reasonable
steps to request and obtain any and all other documentation for the facility
requested by the Project Manager.













§ 3.4


TESTS, SURVEYS AND REPORTS






Unless
otherwise provided in the Contract Documents, Owner shall furnish tests,
inspections and reports, such as soils, structural, mechanical, and chemical
tests, tests for air and water pollution, and tests for hazardous materials.










§ 3.5


OWNER’S DESIGNATED REPRESENTATIVE






Owner shall
identify a representative authorized to act on behalf of Owner with respect
to the Project, which Owner may change at any time using the notice
procedures provided in this Agreement. Owner’s Designated Representative
shall render decisions promptly and furnish information expeditiously, to
avoid unreasonable delay in the services or Work of Project Manager.










§ 3.6


LEGAL REQUIREMENTS






Owner shall
furnish any legal, insurance and accounting services, including auditing
services, to meet Owner’s needs and interests and which are not otherwise
required for the Work or to be provided by Project Manager under this
Agreement.













§ 3.7


INDEPENDENT ENGINEER






Owner’s
lender will select an Independent Engineer (the “Independent Engineer”).
Owner and Independent Engineer each have the right to witness all testing,
including the Performance Tests and




Page
17 of 34























any
equipment testing, whether at the Plant or at the Subcontractor’s or
equipment supplier’s premises during the course of this Agreement. Project
Manager shall cooperate with the Independent Engineer pursuant to any
reasonable requests by the Independent Engineer or Owner. However, any review
by Owner or Independent Engineer shall not relieve or release Project Manager
from any of its duties, obligations or liabilities under the Contract
Documents.










§ 3.8


USE OF FACILITIES






At its
discretion, and subject to any limitations and policies Owner may impose,
Owner will allow Project Manager and its Subcontractors rent-free use of the
biodiesel plant’s office space, office machines and equipment,
equipment/material storage and fabrication facilities to the extent necessary
or desirable to complete the Work.













§ 3.9


IDENTIFICATION OF HAZARDOUS MATERIALS OR CONDITIONS






Owner will
provide Phase 1 and any other environmental reports in its possession
regarding the Plant property to Project Manager. If Owner has knowledge of
any other hazardous materials on the property that are not reflected in any
report, Owner will disclose to Project Manager the location of all hazardous
materials, including contaminated soils or equipment prior to Project Manager
arriving on-site. If the situation requires removal of the hazardous material
Owner shall procure those services and the costs shall be outside the
Guaranteed Maximum Price.










ARTICLE 4  HAZARDOUS MATERIALS AND
EMERGENCIES













§ 4.1


HAZARDOUS MATERIALS
















§ 4.1.1


Generally









Project
Manager shall be responsible for compliance with any requirements of the
Contract Documents or the law regarding hazardous materials to be
incorporated in by Project Manager in the course of performing the Work. If
Project Manager encounters a hazardous material or substance in the existing
Plant not specifically addressed in the Contract Documents and if reasonable
precautions will be inadequate to prevent foreseeable bodily injury or death
to persons resulting from a material or substance encountered on the Plant by
Project Manager, Project Manager shall, upon recognizing the condition,
immediately stop Work in the affected area and report the condition to Owner
in writing. Such work stoppage time shall be added to the Substantial
Completion Date and adjusted by written Change Order. For purposes of this
Agreement, the term “hazardous material or substance” shall not include any
biofuel product or by-product or other material or substance present in the
Plant in connection with ordinary operations in compliance with all
applicable environmental laws.
















§ 4.1.2


Procedures









Upon receipt
of Project Manager’s written notice, Owner (or Project Manager at Owner’s
direction) shall obtain the services of a licensed laboratory to verify the
presence of the material or substance reported by Project Manager. If such
material or substance is found to be present, Owner (or Project Manager at Owner’s
direction) shall cause it to be rendered harmless. When the material or
substance has been rendered harmless, Work in the affected area shall resume
upon written agreement of Owner and Project Manager. By Change Order, the
Contract Time shall be extended appropriately and the Guaranteed Maximum
Price will be increased in the amount of Project Manager’s reasonable
additional costs of shut-down, delay and start-up.
















§ 4.1.3


Owner Indemnification









To the
extent caused by the negligence or misconduct of Owner or anyone for whom the
Owner is legally responsible, Owner shall indemnify and hold harmless Project
Manager and its consultants, agents and employees from and against claims,
damages, losses and expenses,




Page
18 of 34


























including but
not limited to attorneys’ fees, arising out of or resulting from performance
of the Work in the affected area if in fact the material or substance
presents the risk of bodily injury or death and has not been rendered
harmless, provided that such claim, damage, loss or expense is attributable
to bodily injury, sickness, disease or death, or to injury to or destruction
of tangible property (other than the Work itself). However, the Owner shall
have no duty to indemnify a party to the extent that such damage, loss or
expense is due to the fault or negligence of the party seeking
indemnification.
















§ 4.1.4


No Owner Responsibility









In no event
will Owner be responsible in any way for materials or substances Project
Manager or its Subcontractors bring to the Project site or for claims or
damages related to such materials. To the extent materials or substances are
required on the Project site by the Contract Documents, or lawfully present
in the Plant in connection with ordinary operations, the Project Manager and
all Subcontractors shall use, handle and dispose of such materials and
substances in compliance with all applicable environmental laws.
















§ 4.1.5


Project Manager Indemnification









To the
fullest extent allowed by law, Project Manager shall, and shall cause each
Subcontractor to agree to, indemnify and hold harmless Owner Indemnified
Parties from and against any and all losses, costs, damages, injuries,
liabilities, claims, demands, penalties, interest and causes of action,
including without limitation attorney’s fees for bodily injury, sickness or
death, and property damage or destruction arising out of or resulting from:
(1) Project Manager’s or a Subcontractor’s use, handling or disposal on the
Project site of a material or substance not required by the Contract
Documents; (2) Project Manager’s or a Subcontractor’s negligent use, handling
or disposal on the Project site of a material or substance required by the
Contract Documents; or (3) the failure by Project Manager to perform its
obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent that such damage, loss
or expense is due to the fault or negligence of Owner.













§ 4.2


EMERGENCIES






In an
emergency affecting safety of persons or property, Project Manager shall act
to prevent threatened damage, injury or loss. Any change to the Scheduled
Substantial Completion Date or the Cost of the Work shall be made only
pursuant to a Change Order, and, in any event, shall not: (a) exceed Project
Manager’s reasonable additional costs, fees and delays directly attributable
to shut-down, delay and start-up due to the emergency or (b) unless the
emergency is due to the fault of the Owner, Owner’s agents or Subcontractors,
alter the Guaranteed Maximum Price.













ARTICLE 5  COMPENSATION













§ 5.1


COST OF THE WORK






As full
consideration and payment for the Work, Owner shall pay Project Manager the
Cost of the Work, up to the Guaranteed Maximum Price. The Cost of the Work
shall be determined under Article 6, which includes a project management fee
of $350,000 (the “Project Manager’s Fee”).













§ 5.2


GUARANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE






The
Guaranteed Maximum Price is equal to $8,350,000, which represents Project
Manager’s budgeted Cost of the Work as described in Exhibit D, including the
Contingency Fund and Project Manager’s Fee. Project Manager guarantees that
the Cost of the Work shall not exceed the Guaranteed Maximum Price. To the
extent the Cost of the Work exceeds the Guaranteed Maximum Price, Project
Manager shall bear and be solely responsible for such amounts in excess of
the Guaranteed Maximum Price without reimbursement or additional compensation
from Owner.




Page
19 of 34




















§ 5.3


CONTINGENCY FUND






Project
Manager has included a contingency fund (the “Contingency Fund”) in the
budgeted Cost of the Work to be used by Project Manager to accumulate cost
savings and fund the costs of overruns. As the Work is performed and actual
costs are determined, the difference between the itemized actual costs and
the budgeted costs attached as Exhibit D will be used to reduce or add to the
Contingency Fund. At Project completion, Owner and Project Manager shall
split any funds remaining in the Contingency Fund on a 50% - 50% basis.
However, nothing in this section, including any deficit in the Contingency
Fund, shall affect the Guaranteed Maximum Price.






















ARTICLE 6  COST OF THE WORK
















§ 6.1


INCLUDED COSTS






The term
“Cost of the Work” shall mean any of the costs set forth in Sections 6.1.1
through 6.1.6 to the extent such costs are reasonably and necessarily
incurred by Project Manager in the proper performance of the Work, and not
otherwise excluded under Section 6.2, plus Project Manager’s Fee of $350,000
(subject to reduction if necessary to prevent the Cost of the Work from
exceeding the Guaranteed Maximum Price).



















§ 6.1.1


Labor Costs
related to Project Manager employees directly or indirectly engaged in
performing the Work, wherever it occurs, compensated based upon the time and
materials used according to Exhibit E, Ball Industrial Rate Sheet.



















§ 6.1.2


Payments
made by Project Manager to Subcontractors in accordance with the requirements
of the Subcontracts, including fees and reimbursable expenses payable for
professional services under approved Subcontracts.



















§ 6.1.3


Costs of
Materials and Equipment incorporated into Completed Construction






















(a)


Costs of
materials and equipment incorporated or to be incorporated in the completed
construction, including transportation and storage.






















(b)


Costs of
materials described in subsection (a) in excess of those actually installed
to allow for reasonable waste and spoilage. Unused excess materials, if any,
shall become Owner’s property at the completion of the Work or, at Owner’s
option, shall be sold by Project Manager. Any amounts realized from such
sales shall be credited to Owner as a deduction from the Cost of the Work.



















§ 6.1.4


Costs of
Other Materials and Equipment, Temporary Facilities & Related Items






















(a)


Costs of
transportation, storage, installation, maintenance, dismantling and removal
of materials, supplies, temporary facilities, machinery, equipment and hand
tools not customarily owned by construction workers that are provided by
Project Manager and are fully consumed for the Work. Costs of such items that
are not fully consumed shall be based on the cost or value of the item at the
time it is first used for the Work less the value of the item when it is no
longer used for the Work. All costs and values shall be based on the
reasonable fair market value.






















(b)


Rental
charges for temporary facilities, machinery, equipment and hand tools not
customarily owned by construction workers that are provided by Project
Manager at the Plant and costs of transportation, installation, minor
repairs, dismantling and removal. Rental rates for Project Manager-owned
equipment and quantities of equipment shall be as set forth on Exhibit E, or
if not provided in Exhibit E, will be subject to Owner’s prior




Page
20 of 34
































approval.
The total rental cost of any Project Manager-owned item may not exceed the
purchase price of any comparable item.






















(c)


Costs of
removal of debris from the Plant of the Work and its proper and legal
disposal.






















(d)


Costs of
document reproductions, facsimile transmissions and long-distance telephone
calls, postage and parcel delivery charges, telephone service at the Plant
and reasonable petty cash expenses of the Plant office.






















(e)


Reasonable
expenses of Project Manager’s supervisory or administrative personnel incurred
while traveling in discharge of duties connected with the Work.






















(f)


Costs of
materials and equipment suitably stored off the Plant.



















§ 6.1.5


Miscellaneous Costs






















(a)


Premiums for
that portion of insurance and bonds required by, and that can be directly
attributed to, this Agreement.






















(b)


Fees and
assessments for Work-related permits, licenses and inspections.






















(c)


Fees of
laboratories for tests required by the Contract Documents, except those
related to defective or nonconforming Work for which reimbursement is
excluded by other provisions of the Contract Documents.






















(d)


Royalties
and license fees paid for the use of a particular design, process or product
required by the Contract Documents; the cost of defending suits or claims for
infringement of patent rights arising from such requirement of the Contract
Documents; and payments made in accordance with legal judgments against
Project Manager resulting from such suits of claims and payment of settlements
made with the Owner’s consent.






















(e)


Costs for
electronic equipment and software directly related to the Work.






















(f)


Deposits
lost for causes other than Project Manager’s negligence or failure to fulfill
a specific responsibility in the Contract Documents.






















(g)


Reasonable
expenses incurred in accordance with Project Manager’s standard written
personnel policy for relocation and temporary living allowances of Project
Manager’s personnel required for the Work;






















(h)


Insurance deductibles
for losses not caused by Project Manager, Subcontractors or any of their
agents or employees.






















(i)


Legal,
mediation and arbitration costs, including attorneys’ fees, other than those
arising from disputes between the Owner and Project Manager, reasonably
incurred by the Project Manager after the execution of this Agreement and in
the performance of the Work and with the Owner’s prior written approval,
which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.




Page
21 of 34


























§ 6.1.6


Other Costs and Emergencies






















(a)


Costs
incurred in taking action to prevent threatened damage, injury or loss in
case of an emergency affecting the safety of persons and property.






















(b)


Costs of
repairing or correcting damaged or nonconforming Work, provided that such
damaged or nonconforming Work was not caused by negligence or Project
Manager’s failure to fulfill an obligation imposed on it by the Contract
Documents and only to the extent that the cost of repair or correction is not
recovered by Project Manager from insurance, sureties, Subcontractors,
suppliers, or others.






















(c)


Work
stoppages and Subcontractor demobilization and remobilization charges beyond
the Guaranteed Maximum Price due to breach of Owner’s obligations under
Article 7 of this Agreement.






















(d)


Project
Manager’s capital costs at a rate of 2% over prime if caused by Owner’s
failure to make payments required under Article 7 of this Agreement, starting
30 days from the due date of the payment.






















§ 6.2


COSTS NOT TO BE REIMBURSED



















The Cost of
the Work shall not include:



















(a)


Project
Manager’s capital expenses, including interest on Project Manager’s capital
employed for the Work except as provided in § 6.1.6(d);



















(b)


Costs due to
the negligence or failure of Project Manager, Subcontractors and suppliers or
anyone directly or indirectly employed by any of them or for whose acts any
of them may be liable, to fulfill a specific responsibility of this
Agreement;



















(c)


All sales,
use or similar taxes related to the Work shall be the Owner’s responsibility,
are excluded from the Guaranteed Maximum Price and will be billed separately;




















(d)


Any cost not
specifically and expressly described in Sections 6.1.1 to 6.1.6; or



















(e)


Costs, other
than costs included in Change Orders approved by Owner, that would cause the
Guaranteed Maximum Price to be exceeded.
















§ 6.3


PREPAYMENTS






Project
Manager may make Owner-funded advance payments to suppliers for materials or
equipment only with Owner’s prior approval, and further provided that (i)
Owner is satisfied that the equipment and materials are suitably stored at an
acceptable location, (ii) the equipment and materials are protected by
suitable insurance, and (iii) upon payment, Owner will receive the equipment
and materials free and clear of all liens and encumbrances.
















§ 6.4


DISCOUNTS, REBATES AND REFUNDS






All cash
discounts, trade discounts, rebates, refunds and amounts received from sales
of surplus materials and equipment shall be credited to the Contingency Fund.
Project Manager shall perform any acts reasonably necessary to obtain such
discounts and reduce the Cost of the Work.




Page
22 of 34























§ 6.5


ACCOUNTING RECORDS






Project
Manager shall keep full and detailed records and accounts related to the Cost
of the Work and exercise such controls as may be necessary for proper
financial management and as may be satisfactory to Owner.
















§ 6.6


AUDITS












Owner its
agents and representatives shall, upon Substantial Completion, during regular
business hours and upon reasonable notice, be afforded access to, and shall
be permitted to audit and copy, Project Manager’s records and accounts,
including complete documentation supporting accounting entries, books,
correspondence, instructions, drawings, receipts, subcontracts,
Subcontractor’s proposals, purchase orders, vouchers, memoranda and other
data relating to the Contract Documents. Project Manager shall preserve these
records for a period of three (3) years after final payment, or for such
longer period as may be required by law. Each subcontract will provide, and
Owner shall have, the foregoing audit rights with regard to the Subcontractor
and the right to otherwise confirm Project Manager’s records with the
Subcontractor’s records.
















ARTICLE 7  PAYMENTS
















§ 7.1


GENERALLY






Owner will
deposit with its lender into an escrow account and obtain commitments from
its lender for advances of a total sum equal to the Guaranteed Maximum Price
less any payments already made by Owner to Project Manager related to the
Project. Subject to the approval by the lender of release of funds for each
payment, payments of the Cost of the Work will be made to Project Manager
from the escrow account according to a Schedule of Values under the
procedures set forth in this Article. All payments hereunder are subject to
the retainage provisions set forth in Section 7.4.
















§ 7.2


PAYMENTS
















§ 7.2.1


Owner shall
make progress payments, equipment and material deposits, and purchase payments
on account of the Cost of the Work to Project Manager based upon written
applications for payment issued by Project Manager in form and substance
acceptable to Owner (each, an “Application for Payment”). Project Manager
acknowledges that Owner has provided it a copy of the Additional Improvements
Reserve and Security Agreement by and among Owner, OSM-REO, LLC and First
American Title Insurance Company (the “Additional Improvements Reserve and
Security Agreement”). All Applications for Payment shall satisfy the
requirements and conditions set forth in the Additional Improvements Reserve
and Security Agreement.



















§ 7.2.2


Project
Manager shall submit to Owner, in the first (1st) week of each
calendar month, its Application for Payment for all Work performed and not
paid for during the previous calendar month.



















§ 7.2.3


Applications
for Payment shall show the percentage of completion of each portion of the
Work as of the end of the period covered by the Application for Payment. The
percentage of completion shall be the percentage of that portion of the Work
which has actually been completed and shall include the costs of required
equipment deposits and pre-payments.



















§ 7.2.4


Each
Application for Payment shall be based on, and computed in accordance with, a
detailed Guaranteed Maximum Price Schedule of Values consistent with the
preliminary Schedule of Values attached as Exhibit D that (i) subdivides the
Work into its respective parts; (ii) allocates the entire Guaranteed Maximum
Price among the various portions of the Work; (iii) shows Project Manager’s
Fee separately and allocates it pro rata among the parts of the Work; and
(iv) reduces the amount in the Application for Payment by retainage required
by this Agreement and




Page
23 of 34





























the
aggregate amount of payments made by Owner. Each Application for Payment
shall be subject to the prior review and approval of the Independent Engineer
for consistency with the Schedule of Values and the Contract Documents.



















§ 7.2.5


Provided the
Application for Payment satisfies the requirements and conditions of the
Additional Improvements Reserve and Security Agreement, Owner shall make
payment of the amount to Project Manager, as determined under this Agreement,
within Fourteen (14) days after receiving the Application for Payment. Title
to the Work, including Work reflected in an Application for Payment which is
in process, is in transit, is in storage, or has been incorporated into the
Project, shall pass to Owner free and clear of all claims, liens,
encumbrances, and security interests upon Project Manager’s receipt of
payment therefor, and Project Manager shall provide Owner lien waivers to
that effect.



















§ 7.2.6


If Owner
determines that Project Manager is not entitled to all or part of an
Application for Payment, it will notify Project Manager in writing at least
ten (10) days prior to the date payment is due. The notice shall indicate the
specific amounts Owner intends to withhold, the reasons and contractual basis
for the withholding, and the specific measures Project Manager must take to
rectify Owner’s concerns. Project Manager and Owner will attempt to resolve
Owner’s concerns before the date that payment is due. If the parties cannot
resolve such concerns, the parties shall resolve the dispute as provided in
this Agreement.
















§ 7.4


RETAINAGE



















§ 7.4.1


Owner will
retain five percent (5%) of each payment. Owner shall release to Project
Manager all retained amounts with the Final Payment.



















§ 7.4.2


Project
Manager shall retain five percent (5%) of each payment to each Subcontractor
other than design professionals until the Subcontract is fully performed or
such later date that Owner releases funds related to the Subcontract to
Project Manager.
















§ 7.5


FINAL PAYMENT



















§ 7.5.1


Project
Manager shall deliver to Owner a request for final payment (the “Final
Application for Payment”) when Project Manager believes Final Completion has
been achieved in accordance with this Agreement.



















§ 7.5.2


Owner’s
final payment to Project Manager of the entire unpaid balance of the Cost of
the Work (the “Final Payment”) shall be made no later than 45 days after the
issuance of the Final Application for Payment. However, Final Payment shall
not be made by Owner unless and until:






















(a)


Project
Manager has fully performed this Agreement except for Project Manager’s
responsibility to correct Work, and to satisfy other requirements, if any,
which extend beyond Final Payment;






















(b)


the Project
has successfully completed its Performance Test and signed by the Owner;






















(c)


a Final
Application for Payment has been issued by Project Manager; and






















(d)


Project
Manager has obtained and delivered to Owner complete and legally effective
releases or conditional waivers of all liens arising out of or filed in
connection with the Work, from Project Manager and from all Subcontractors,
suppliers and other entities or




Page
24 of 34
































persons
performing work on, or furnishing materials to, the Project. Final,
unconditional lien waivers will be submitted to the Owner within 14 days of
receipt of Final Payment.



















§ 7.5.3


Owner’s
auditors will review and report in writing on Project Manager’s final
accounting within 45 days after delivery of the final accounting to Owner by
Project Manager. If Owner’s auditors report the Cost of the Work to be less
than claimed by Project Manager, Project Manager shall be entitled to request
mediation of the disputed amount. A request for mediation shall be made by
Project Manager within 30 days after Project Manager’s receipt of a copy of
Owner’s auditors report. Failure to request mediation within this 30-day
period shall result in the substantiated amount reported by Owner’s auditors
becoming binding on Project Manager. Pending a final resolution of the
disputed amount, Owner shall pay Project Manager the amount certified by
Owner’s auditors.



















§ 7.5.4


If, after
Final Payment, Owner requests Project Manager to correct defective or
nonconforming Work and Project Manager incurs costs described in Section 6.1
and not excluded by Section 6.2 to perform such Work, Owner shall reimburse
Project Manager such costs and Project Manager’s Fee applicable thereto on
the same basis as if such costs had been incurred prior to final payment.
However, Owner shall not be required to make any reimbursements that would
result in aggregate payments under this Agreement in excess of the Guaranteed
Maximum Price. If Project Manager has received amounts from the Contingency
Fund as provided in Section 5.3, such amounts shall be recalculated and
appropriate credit given to Owner in determining the net amount to be paid by
Owner to Project Manager under this Section 7.5.4.
















§ 7.6


RELIANCE ON APPLICATIONS






In taking
action on Project Manager’s Applications for Payment, Owner shall be entitled
to rely on the accuracy and completeness of the information furnished by
Project Manager and shall not be deemed to represent that Owner has made a
detailed examination, audit or arithmetic verification of the Applications
for Payment or other supporting data; that Owner has made exhaustive or
continuous on-site inspections; or that Owner has made examinations to
ascertain how or for what purposes Project Manager has used amounts
previously paid on account of this Agreement. Such examinations, audits and
verifications, if required by Owner, will be performed by Owner’s auditors
acting in the sole interest of Owner.
















§ 7.7


PROJECT MANAGER’S REPRESENTATIONS






Project
Manager warrants that upon submission of an Application for Payment, all Work
for which payments have been received from Owner shall be free and clear of
liens, claims, security interests or encumbrances in favor of Project Manager
or any other person or entity performing work or furnishing materials
relating to the Project. Project Manager’s Application for Payment shall
constitute a representation by Project Manager to Owner that the Work has
progressed to the point indicated in the Application for Payment, the quality
of the Work is in accordance with the Contract Documents, and Project Manager
is entitled to payment in the amount requested. Upon receipt of payment from
Owner, Project Manager shall promptly pay all Subcontractors and suppliers
the amount to which each is entitled in accordance with the terms of their
respective contracts, and shall obtain and deliver to Owner lien waivers from
each Subcontractor and supplier. Owner shall have no obligation for payment
of a Subcontractor or supplier performing portions of the Work.
















§ 7.8


PROJECT MANAGER’S PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS






Project
Manager will pay consultants and Subcontractors, in accordance with its
contractual obligations to such parties, all the amounts Project Manager has
received from Owner on account of their work. Project Manager will impose
similar requirements on consultants and Subcontractors to pay those parties
with whom they have contracted. Project Manager will indemnify and defend
Owner against any claims for payment and mechanic’s liens as set forth in this
Agreement.




Page
25 of 34























ARTICLE 8  INSURANCE AND BONDS
















§ 8.1


INSURANCE, GENERALLY






Project
Manager shall procure and maintain in force through the date of Final
Completion, and shall cause the Design Engineer and the Subcontractors to
purchase and maintain, insurance coverage as set forth in this section with
the policy limits indicated from insurance companies authorized to do
business in Iowa with a rating of Best Insurance Reports rating of “A-” or
better and financial size category of “IX” or higher. Owner shall be named as
an additional insured on the liability policies and loss payee on the
property policies. Prior to commencing the Work hereunder, Project Manager
shall provide Owner with certificates evidencing that (i) all insurance obligations
required by the Contract Documents are in full force and in effect and will
remain in effect for the duration required by the Contract Documents and (ii)
no insurance coverage required hereunder will be canceled, renewal refused,
or changed unless at least thirty (30) days prior written notice is given to
Owner.



















§ 8.1.1


Professional
Liability – Errors & Omissions insurance:






















(a)


The Design
Engineer (CJS Group Inc.), $5,000,000;






















(b)


Project
Manager, $2,000,000; and






















(c)


The
Subcontractors (TBD), $1,000,000.



















§ 8.1.2


Additionally,
Project Manager will maintain:






















(a)


$11,000,000
of General Liability Insurance ($1,000,000 base + $10,000,00 umbrella)
covering: property damage, including injury to or destruction of tangible
property, including loss of use; bodily Injury, including claims by Project
Manager’s employees or any other person for bodily injury, sickness, disease,
or death; contractual liability (including Project Manager’s indemnity
obligations); fire damage; medical expenses, and personal and advertising
injury;






















(b)


Statutory
Limits for claims arising under workers’ compensation, disability and other
similar employee benefit laws applicable to the Work;






















(c)


$500,000
covering personal injury or death or property damage resulting from
ownership, use and maintenance of any motor vehicle;






















(d)


$11,000,000
covering Completed Project / Ongoing Operations.






















(e)


$1,000,000
covering employer’s liability for claims by employees for bodily injury,
sickness, disease, or death;



















§ 8.1.3


The Project
Manager shall provide insurance that conforms with the following
requirements:






















(a)


Project
Manager’s liability insurance shall specifically delete any design-build or similar
exclusions that could compromise coverage because of the design-build
delivery of the Project.






















(b)


All
professional liability insurance polices shall specifically delete any
design-build or similar exclusions that could compromise coverage because of
the design-build delivery of the Project.




Page
26 of 34





























(c)


Project
Manager, or its Subcontractors, as the case may be, shall be responsible for
payment of all deductibles on Project Manager furnished and Subcontractor
furnished insurance, except that Owner shall be responsible for such
deductibles to the extent that claims result from the negligence of Owner or
other parties for whom Owner is responsible. Deductibles that are the
responsibility of Project Manager or a Subcontractor shall not be the basis
for a claim for reimbursement from Owner.






















(d)


If Project
Manager fails to provide or maintain any of the insurance coverages required
hereunder that are commercially available under reasonable terms and
conditions and Owner has provided Notice to Project Manager of such failure
and Project Manager fails to take steps to provide or maintain such coverage
within fifteen (15) days after receipt of such notice, Owner shall have the
right to provide or maintain such coverage at Project Manager’s expense
either by direct charge or set-off against other amounts due to Project
Manager.
















§ 8.2


PERFORMANCE BOND






Within ten
(10) days of the Effective Date, Project Manager shall deliver to Owner a
bond in form and substance satisfactory to Owner (the “Performance Bond”) in
an amount equal to the Six Million Seven Hundred-Thousand Dollars
($6,700,000). The Performance Bond shall secure Project Manager’s obligations
to complete the Work in accordance with this Agreement.
















§ 8.3


PAYMENT BOND






Within ten
(10) days of the Effective Date, Project Manager shall deliver to Owner a
bond in form and substance satisfactory to Owner (the “Payment Bond”) in an
initial amount equal to Six Million Seven Hundred-Thousand Dollars
($6,700,000). The Payment Bond shall secure Project Manager’s obligations to
pay its Subcontractors, vendors and suppliers. The Payment Bond shall provide
the conditions upon which Subcontractors, vendors and suppliers may draw upon
such Payment Bond following Project Manager’s failure to pay amounts due such
Subcontractors, vendors and suppliers.
















§ 8.4


PERFORMANCE and PAYMENT BOND COVERAGE






The
Performance and Payment Bonds will each specifically state and incorporate
the work each bond intends to cover, which shall be all labor, materials,
supplies and equipment to be provided and reimbursable expenses to be
incurred by Project Manager under this Agreement, except Management &
Supervision, Professional Services, materials supplied by Owner (2
Centrifuges & Brown Tank), Fees & Permits, General Liability
Insurance, Contingency Fund, and Project Manager’s Fee.
















ARTICLE 9  DISPUTE RESOLUTION
















§ 9.1


DISPUTE AVOIDANCE






The parties
will communicate regularly to avoid or minimize disagreements. If disagreements
arise, Project Manager and Owner each commit to resolving such disagreements
in an amicable, professional and expeditious manner so as to avoid
unnecessary losses, delays and disruptions to the Work. Project Manager and
Owner will first attempt to resolve disagreements through discussions between
Project Manager’s Designated Representative and Owner’s Designated
Representative.
















§ 9.2


NON-BINDING MEDIATION






If, a
disagreement cannot be resolved on terms satisfactory to both parties, the
parties shall submit the disagreement to non-binding mediation. The mediation
shall be conducted in Des Moines, Iowa by a mutually agreeable impartial
mediator or, if the parties cannot so agree, a mediator designated by the
American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) pursuant to its Construction
Industry Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures. The mediation will be
governed by and conducted pursuant to a mediation




Page
27 of 34


























agreement
negotiated by the parties or, if the parties cannot so agree, by procedures
established by the mediator. Mediation is a condition precedent to
arbitration, unless the parties agree otherwise.
















§ 9.3


ARBITRATION






Any claim
between Owner and Project Manager not resolved by mediation shall be subject
to arbitration. Unless the parties mutually agree otherwise, the arbitrator
shall be selected, and the arbitration administered, by the AAA in accordance
with its Construction Industry Arbitration Rules. A demand for arbitration
shall be made in writing, delivered to the other party to this Agreement, and
filed with the person or entity administering the arbitration. The party
filing a notice of demand for arbitration must assert in the demand all
claims then known to that party on which arbitration is demanded. The arbitration
proceeding shall take place at an agreeable location in Des Moines, Iowa.



















§ 9.3.1 A demand for arbitration shall be
made no earlier than concurrently with the filing of a request for mediation,
but in no event shall it be made after the date when the institution of legal
or equitable proceedings based on the claim would be barred by the applicable
statute of limitations. For statute of limitations purposes, receipt of a
written demand for arbitration by the person or entity administering the
arbitration shall constitute the institution of legal or equitable
proceedings based on the claim.



















§ 9.3.2 The award rendered by the arbitrator
shall be final, and judgment may be entered upon it in accordance with
applicable law in any court having jurisdiction thereof.



















§ 9.3.3 The foregoing agreement to arbitrate
shall be specifically enforceable under applicable law in any court having
jurisdiction thereof.
















§ 9.4


DUTY TO CONTINUE PERFORMANCE






Project
Manager shall continue to perform the Work and Owner shall continue to
satisfy its payment obligations to Project Manager pending the final
resolution of any dispute or disagreement between Project Manager and Owner.
















ARTICLE 10  TERMINATION OR SUSPENSION
















§ 10.1


OWNER TERMINATION



















§ 10.1.1


FOR CONVENIENCE









Owner may
terminate this Agreement upon not less than seven days’ written notice to
Project Manager for Owner’s convenience and without cause. In such case,
Owner shall pay to Project Manager an amount equal to the Cost of the Work
incurred by Project Manager to the date of termination, including a pro rata
portion of Project Manager’s Fee, minus the aggregate of previous payments
made by Owner. Owner shall also pay Project Manager fair compensation, either
by purchase or rental at the election of Owner, for any equipment owned by
Project Manager which Owner elects to retain and which is not otherwise
included in the Cost of the Work, provided that the aggregate amount payable
by Owner under this Agreement shall not exceed the Guaranteed Maximum Price.
To the extent that Owner elects to take legal assignment of subcontracts and
purchase orders (including rental agreements), Project Manager shall, as a
condition of receiving the payments referred to in this Article 10, execute
and deliver all such papers and take all such steps, including the legal
assignment of such subcontracts and other contractual rights of Project
Manager, as Owner may require for the purpose of fully vesting in Owner the
rights and benefits of Project Manager under such subcontracts or purchase
orders. If Owner accepts assignment of subcontracts, purchase orders or
rental agreements, Owner will reimburse or indemnify Project Manager for all
costs previously paid by Project Manager under the subcontract, purchase
order or rental agreement, if those costs would have been reimbursable as
Cost of the Work if this Agreement had not been terminated.




Page
28 of 34





























If Owner
chooses not to accept assignment of any subcontract, purchase order or rental
agreement that would have constituted a Cost of the Work had this Agreement
not been terminated, Project Manager will terminate the subcontract, purchase
order or rental agreement, and Owner will pay Project Manager the costs
necessarily incurred by Project Manager because of such termination.



















§ 10.1.2


FOR CAUSE









Owner may
terminate this Agreement upon not less than seven days’ written notice to
Project Manager if Project Manager breaches any provision of the Contract
Documents, defaults in the performance of the Work, fails to provide a
sufficient number of skilled workers, fails to supply the materials required
by the Contract Documents, fails to timely pay design consultants or
Subcontractors or fails to perform the Work with promptness and diligence to
ensure the Work is completed by the date of Final Completion. Such
termination shall be without prejudice to any other remedy of Owner. In
addition to all other remedies, Owner may take possession of the Project site
and all materials, equipment and documents, and proceed to finish the Work by
whatever reasonable method Owner deems advisable. Project Manager shall not
be entitled to receive any further payments under the Contract Documents
until the Work is finally completed in accordance with the Contract
Documents. If Owner’s cost and expense of completing the Work exceeds the
unpaid balance of the Cost of the Work, then Project Manager shall be
obligated to promptly pay the difference to Owner. However, if Owner’s cost
and expense of completing the Work is equal to or less than the unpaid
balance of the Cost of the Work, Owner shall promptly pay Project Manager any
amounts remaining unpaid that were accrued prior to the termination, without
regard for Project Manager’s Fee. Owner’s costs and expense shall include not
only the cost of completing the Work, but also losses, damages, costs and
expenses, including attorneys’ fees and expenses, incurred by Owner in
connection with the re-procurement and defense of claims arising from Project
Manager’s default.






















§ 10.2


PROJECT MANAGER TERMINATION






Unless such
event is cured within ten (10) days from Owner’s receipt of Project Manager’s
written notice, Project Manager may terminate this Agreement and recover from
Owner payment as described in Section 10.1.1, plus any costs actually
incurred due to such termination and damages, if the Work is stopped for a
period of 45 consecutive days through no act or fault of Project Manager or a
Subcontractor, sub-Subcontractor or their agents or employees or any other
persons or entities performing portions of the Work under direct or indirect
contract with Project Manager, due to any of the following:



















(a)


Issuance of
an order of a court or other public authority having jurisdiction that
requires all Work to be stopped for 45 consecutive days;



















(b)


An act of
government, such as a declaration of national emergency that requires all
Work to be stopped;



















(c)


Because
Owner has not issued a payment and has not notified Project Manager of the
reason for withholding payment beyond the time stated in the Contract
Documents;



















(d)


repeated
suspensions, delays or interruptions of the entire Work by Owner constitute
in the aggregate more than 75 percent of the total number of days scheduled
for completion, or 120 days in any 365-day period, whichever is less; or



















(e)


Because
Owner has repeatedly failed to fulfill Owner’s obligations under the Contract
Documents with respect to matters necessary to the progress of the Work.




Page
29 of 34























§ 10.3


SUSPENSION






Project
Manager may stop work for Owner’s failure to pay amounts properly due under
Project Manager’s Application for Payment if, after providing written notice
to Owner that Project Manager will stop work unless such event is cured
within ten (10) days from Owner’s receipt of Project Manager’s notice, Owner
fails to cure or reasonably commence to cure such problem and thereafter
diligently pursue such cure to completion.
















§ 10.4


BANKRUPTCY






If either
Owner or Project Manager institutes or has instituted against it a case under
the United States Bankruptcy Code (such party being referred to as the
“Bankrupt Party”), such event may impair or frustrate the Bankrupt Party’s
ability to perform its obligations under the Contract Documents. Accordingly,
should such event occur, the Bankrupt Party, its trustee or other successor,
shall furnish, upon request of the non-Bankrupt Party, adequate assurance of
the ability of the Bankrupt Party to perform all future obligations under the
Contract Documents, which assurances shall be provided within ten (10) days
after receiving notice of the request; and the Bankrupt Party shall file an
appropriate action within the bankruptcy court to seek assumption or
rejection of the Agreement within sixty (60) days of the institution of the
bankruptcy filing and shall diligently prosecute such action. If the Bankrupt
Party fails to comply with its foregoing obligations, the non-Bankrupt Party
shall be entitled to request the bankruptcy court to reject the Agreement,
declare the Agreement terminated and pursue any other recourse available to
the non-Bankrupt Party. Such rights and remedies shall not limit the ability
of the non-Bankrupt Party to seek any other rights and remedies provided by
the Contract Documents or by law, including its ability to seek relief from
any automatic stays under the United States Bankruptcy Code or the right of
Project Manager to stop Work under any applicable provision of this
Agreement.
















ARTICLE 11  MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
















§ 11.1


REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES



















§ 11.1.1


Each of
Project Manager and Owner represents that:






















(a)


it is duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its
formation and has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver
this Agreement and to perform its obligations and consummate the transactions
contemplated under the Contract Documents;






















(b)


this
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by such party and constitutes
the legal, valid and binding obligations of such party, enforceable against
such party in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforcement
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or similar laws
affecting creditor’s rights or by general equitable principles;






















(c)


the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not conflict with or
violate (a) the certificate of incorporation or bylaws or equivalent
organizational documents of such party, or (b) any law applicable to such
party; and






















(d)


there is no
action pending or, to the knowledge of such party, threatened, which would
hinder, modify, delay or otherwise adversely affect such party’s ability to
perform its obligations under the Contract Documents.



















§ 11.1.2


Project
Manager further represents that it has the necessary financial resources to
fulfill its obligations under this Agreement and that all Work, including all
materials and equipment




Page
30 of 34





























furnished as
part of the construction, shall be new unless otherwise approved by Owner in
writing, of good quality, in conformance with the Contract Documents and all
legal requirements, and free of defects in materials and workmanship.
















§ 11.2


GOVERNING LAW






The
Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Iowa except that the
Federal Arbitration Act shall govern any arbitration.
















§ 11.3


ASSIGNMENT






Owner and
Project Manager, respectively, bind themselves and their agents, successors,
assigns and legal representatives to this Agreement. Neither Owner nor
Project Manager shall assign this Agreement without the written consent of
the other, except that Owner may assign this Agreement to a lender providing
financing for the Project if the lender agrees to assume Owner’s rights and
obligations under this Agreement. If either party attempts to make an
assignment without consent required above, that party shall remain legally
responsible for all of its obligations under this Agreement.
















§ 11.4


SCOPE






The Contract
Documents represent the entire and integrated agreement between Owner and
Project Manager and supersede all prior negotiations, representations or
agreements, either written or oral, provided the separate Agreement for
Pre-Construction Phase responsibilities entitled “Phase 1 Engineering
Services-Scope Definition,” shall govern services provided under that
Agreement.
















§ 11.5


AMENDMENTS






This
Agreement may be amended only by written instrument signed by both parties.
















§ 11.6


NOTICE












Whenever the
Contract Documents require that notice be provided to a party, notice shall
be delivered in writing to such party at the address listed in the preamble.
Notice will be deemed to have been validly given if delivered (i) in person
to the individual intended to receive such notice, (ii) by registered or by
certified mail, postage prepaid to the address indicated in the Agreement
within four (4) days after being sent, (iii) by facsimile, by the time stated
in a machine-generated confirmation that notice was received at the facsimile
number of the intended recipient, or (iv) by electronic mail, on the earlier
of actual receipt or one (1) business day after it is sent.
















§ 11.7


THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES






Except as
expressly provided herein, this Agreement is intended to be solely for the
benefit of Owner, Project Manager and permitted assigns, and is not intended
to and shall not confer any rights or benefits on any person not a signatory
hereto.
















§ 11.8


NON-DISCLOSURE OBLIGATION



















(a)


Except as
required by court order, subpoena, or applicable law (including, without
limitation, either party’s disclosure obligations under federal or state
securities laws), or as permitted under subpart (b), the parties:






















(i)


will hold in
confidence, and will use only for the purposes of completing the Project, any
and all Confidential Information disclosed to each other.






















(ii)


shall not
disclose to third parties any Confidential Information without the express
written consent of the other party, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld.




Page
31 of 34





























(iii)


shall at all
times use their respective reasonable efforts to keep all Confidential
Information and information regarding the terms and conditions of this
Agreement confidential.



















(b)


The parties
may disclose Confidential Information to their respective lenders, agents,
and/or consultants, including without limitation the Independent Engineer,
only as reasonably necessary in connection with the financing of the Project
or to enable them to advise the parties with regard to the Contract Documents
and the Project or as specifically provided in this Agreement, provided that
the party to whom Confidential Information is to be disclosed first agrees to
be obligated to maintain the confidentiality of any information received.



















(c)


The term
“Confidential Information” means (i) confidential or proprietary information
regarding the other party’s business affairs, finances, technology,
processes, plans or installations, product information, know-how, or other
information that is received from the other party pursuant to this Agreement
or the parties’ relationship prior thereto or is developed pursuant to this
Agreement, (ii) any and all information concerning the Contract Documents,
the Agreement, or the terms thereof, and (iii) all information which one
party, directly or indirectly, may acquire from another party. Confidential
Information does not include information that falls into any of the following
categories: information that, at the time of disclosure hereunder, is in the
public domain; information that enters the public domain other than by breach
of this Agreement or the obligation of confidentiality; information that,
prior to disclosure hereunder, was already in the recipient’s possession,
either without limitation on disclosure to others or subsequently becoming
free of such limitation; information obtained by the recipient from a third party
having an independent right to disclose this information; and information
that is available through discovery by independent research without use of or
access to the Confidential Information acquired from the other party.
















§ 11.9


PUBLICITY AND ADVERTISING






Project
Manager shall not make or permit any of its Subcontractors, agents, or
vendors to make any external announcement or publication, release any
photographs or information concerning the Project or any part thereof, or
make any other type of communication to any member of the public, press,
business entity, or any official body which names Owner, unless prior written
consent is obtained from Owner.
















§ 11.10


COUNTERPARTS






This
Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original and all of which together shall be deemed one and the same
Agreement, and may be executed and delivered by facsimile signature, which
shall be considered an original.
















§ 11.11


SURVIVAL






The
representations, warranties and covenants set forth herein including without
limitation the Warranties under Section 2.9 and the Performance Guarantee
under Section 2.13 of this Agreement, shall survive (in full force and
effect) the expiration or termination of this Agreement and shall continue to
apply after termination of this Agreement or the transfer of a party’s
interest in this Agreement.
















§ 11.12


COOPERATION WITH OWNER’S LENDER AND INDEPENDENT ENGINEER.






§ 11.12.1


In
connection with any financing of the Project, Project Manager shall, if
requested by Owner: (1) deliver to the Owner’s Lender certified copies of its
corporate charter and bylaws, resolutions, incumbency certificates, legal
opinions (covering such items as the validity and enforceability of the
Contract Documents and the due organization and existence of Project
Manager), a consent to receive service of process in Iowa, and such other
items as Owner’s Lender may reasonably request, and (2) fulfill all
obligations and comply with all procedures, and require its Subcontractors,
vendors and suppliers to fulfill all obligations and comply with




Page
32 of 34





























all
procedures that may result from Owner’s financing arrangements, by providing
all information reasonably requested by Owner’s Lender.



















§ 11.12.2


Project
Manager agrees that upon notice that Owner has assigned its rights under the
Contract Documents to Owner’s Lender as security for its obligations to
Owner’s Lender: Project Manager shall deliver to Owner’s Lender all notices
given under the Contract Documents to Owner at the same time and in the same
manner as given to Owner; Owner’s Lender shall be entitled to exercise all
rights and to cure any defaults of Owner under the Contract Documents and
Project Manager shall accept such exercise or cure as though it had been done
by Owner; Project Manager shall not make any demands under the Contract
Documents on account of any default by Owner without giving prior written
notice to Owner’s Lender and providing Owner’s Lender an opportunity to cure
such default; and Project Manager shall execute such further agreements or
documents reasonably requested by Owner’s Lender providing assurances and
other protections to Owner’s Lender in furtherance of the provisions set
forth above in connection with the financing of the Work. Project Manager
further agrees that if Owner’s Lender succeeds to the interests of Owner in
foreclosure or otherwise, Project Manager shall continue to perform in a
timely manner all of its obligations under the Contract Documents and shall
recognize Owner’s Lender or any substitute entity with sufficient financial
and other resources to perform Owner’s obligations hereunder nominated by
Owner’s Lender in the place of Owner.



















§ 11.12.3


Project
Manager and Owner acknowledge that the Owner’s Lender, as a condition to
providing financing for the Plant, shall require Owner to provide the
Independent Engineer with certain participation and review rights with
respect to Project Manager’s performance of the Work. Project Manager acknowledges
and agrees that such participation and review rights shall consist of the
right to (i) enter the Plant and inspect the Work upon reasonable notice to
Project Manager; (ii) attend all start-up and testing procedures; and (iii)
review and approve such other items for which Owner is required by Owner’s
Lender to obtain the concurrence, opinion or a certificate of the Independent
Engineer or the Owner’s Lender pursuant to the Financing Documents which
items do not materially alter the rights or obligations of Project Manager
(collectively, the “Oversight Items”). Project Manager agrees to provide
information reasonably requested by Independent Engineer regarding the
performance of the Work.



















§ 11.12.4


Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in Section 11.12.3, all the rights of the
Independent Engineer with respect to the Oversight Items derive from the
corresponding rights of Owner under the Contract Documents, and as such,
neither increase Owner’s rights hereunder nor increase Project Manager’s
obligations hereunder. The exercise of any such rights by Independent
Engineer shall be completed within the same time periods as are set forth in
the Contract Documents for the exercise of the corresponding rights by Owner
and Owner shall be solely responsible for obtaining any review, inspection or
approval from Independent Engineer as required by Owner’s Lender. Should
Owner fail to provide any required response to Project Manager within the
time periods set forth in the Contract Documents due to the action or
inaction of the Independent Engineer, such failure shall have the same effect
under the Contract Documents as if such failure had been caused by the action
or inaction of Owner.



















§ 11.12.5


For purposes
hereof, Project Manager may rely solely upon Owner and shall have no duty to
inquire as to whether or not the Independent Engineer has exercised its
rights with respect to the Oversight Items or has provided Owner with any
approval Owner may be required by Owner’s Lender to obtain from the
Independent Engineer.




Page
33 of 34


























§ 11.12.6


Owner’s
Lender shall be a third-party beneficiary of the Performance Guarantee
described in Section 2.13 and the Warranties described in Section 2.9, with
the right to enforce the Performance Guarantee Criteria and Warranties
whether or not Owner is in default of its obligations to Owner’s Lender or
Owner’s Lender exercises its right to assume Owner’s rights under this
Agreement.
















§ 11.13


CLOSING AND FINANCING CONTINGENCY. Owner and
Project Manager agree that this Agreement is subject to Owner (a) closing on
the purchase of the Plant; and (b) receiving a complete full funding
commitment within 45 days of the signing of this Agreement. If Owner does not
close on the purchase of the Plant, or if a full funding commitment is not
received within 45 days of the signing of this Agreement, the terms and
conditions of this Agreement terminate.




This Agreement is entered into and executed by the parties as of the
Effective Date.

























PROJECT MANAGER:





































Ball
Industrial Services, LLC





Ball
Construction Services, LLC

























/s/ James D.
Hagberg







/s/ Robert
E. Sodders





Signature





Signature

























Print Name:


JAMES D.
HAGBERG







Print Name:


Robert
E. Sodders



























Title:


VICE
PRESIDENT





Title:


President



















OWNER:




























Soy Energy,
LLC















8-11-10




























/s/
Charles Sand














Signature


































Print Name:


Charles
Sand

































Title:


Chairman















Page 34 of 34




