











CONSTRUCTION LOAN AGREEMENT

THIS  AGREEMENT,  made as of  September  5, 1991,  by and  between  111
PARTNERS,  a California general  partnership  ("Borrower"),  and FAIR, ISAAC AND
COMPANY, INCORPORATED, a Delaware corporation ("Lender"),


W I T N E S S E T H:

Recital of Facts:

A.  Borrower  owns the real  property  described  in Exhibit A attached
hereto and made a part hereof ("Property").

B.  Borrower  proposes to construct  on the  Property the  improvements
described in Exhibit B attached  hereto and made a part hereof  ("Improvements")
in accordance with the plans and specifications  described in Exhibit B, as such
plans and  specifications  may be  amended  in  accordance  with this  Agreement
("Plans  and  Specifications"),  and has  requested  a loan from  Lender for the
purpose of constructing  the Improvements on the Property in accordance with the
Plans and Specifications.


NOW, THEREFORE, Borrower and Lender agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1

Loan

1.1  Loan.  Upon and  subject  to the terms of this  Agreement,  Lender
agrees  to lend to  Borrower  and  Borrower  agrees to borrow  from  Lender  the
principal  sum of three  million  dollars  ($3,000,000)  ("Loan") to finance the
construction of the Improvements and for the other purposes provided in the Loan
Documents (as hereinafter defined).

1.2 Loan Documents.  Borrower shall deliver to Lender concurrently with
execution and delivery of this Agreement the documents, properly executed and in
recordable  form if requested by Lender,  described in Exhibit C attached hereto
and made a part hereof  (collectively  "Loan  Documents").  The terms "Note" and
"Deed of Trust" shall have the meanings defined in Exhibit C.

1.3  Effective  Date.  The date of the Loan  Documents is for reference
purposes only. The effective date ("Effective Date") of delivery and transfer to
Lender of the security  under the Loan  Documents and of Borrower's and Lender's
obligations  under the Loan  Documents is the date the Deed of Trust is recorded
in the  office of the  County  Recorder  of the  County  where the  Property  is
located.

1.4 Formation and  Organizational  Documents.  Borrower has  previously
delivered  to Lender  the  following  formation  and  organizational  documents:
Partnership Agreement dated June 1, 1990, among Michael J. Smith, Roger A. Smith
and Daniel C. Ross and  Statement of  Partnership  dated  August 26,  1991,  and
recorded on August 27, 1991, as Instrument No.  91-054475 of Official Records of
Marin  County.  Borrower  hereby  certifies  to  Lender  that (a) the  foregoing
documents  are all of the relevant  formation  and  organizational  documents of

1

Exhibit 10.14

<PAGE>


Borrower;  (b) such  documents  remain in full  force and  effect;  and (c) such
documents have not been amended or modified.

1.5 Opinion of Legal  Counsel.  Borrower shall cause to be furnished to
Lender on the Effective Date, at Borrower's expense, an opinion of legal counsel
approved by Lender  covering  such  matters  relating  to Borrower  and the Loan
Documents as Lender may request.

1.6  Acceleration  Upon  Loss of  Security.  If at any time the Deed of
Trust ceases to be a valid first lien upon the  Property  and the  Improvements,
all sums remaining  unpaid and owing to Lender under the Note and the other Loan
Documents shall  automatically  become  immediately due and payable and Lender's
obligation  to  disburse  the  remaining  portion  of the  Loan  which  is  then
undisbursed, if any, shall terminate.

1.7 Tax Service. Lender is authorized to secure, at Borrower's expense,
a tax service  contract  which shall provide tax  information on the Property to
Lender for the term of the Loan.

1.8 Management of Property. Borrower shall not enter into any agreement
providing  for the  management,  leasing or  operation  of the  Property  or the
Improvements without the prior written consent of Lender.

1.9 Further  Encumbrance.  Without the prior written consent of Lender,
Borrower  shall not  receive  any other  financing  for the  development  of the
Property or the  construction of the Improvements and shall not further encumber
the Property or the Improvements,  except as permitted by and in compliance with
the Note.


ARTICLE 2

Disbursement

2.1  Conditions  Precedent.  Lender  shall not be obligated to make any
disbursements  or take any other action under the Loan  Documents  unless all of
the following conditions precedent are satisfied at the time of such action:

(a) There  exists no Default,  as defined this  Agreement,  or
default  or  event of  default  as  defined  in any of the  other  Loan
Documents,  or event,  omission  or failure of  condition  which  would
constitute  such a default or event of default after notice or lapse of
time, or both; and

(b) The undisbursed Loan proceeds,  together with all sums (if
any) to be provided  by Borrower as shown in Exhibit D attached  hereto
and made a part hereof,  shall at all times be not less than the amount
which Lender from time to time determines  reasonably necessary to: (i)
pay, through final completion,  all costs of development,  construction
and leasing of the Property and the Improvements in accordance with the
Loan  Documents;  (ii) pay all sums  which  may  accrue  under the Loan
Documents  through  final  completion  of the  Improvements;  and (iii)
enable Borrower to perform and satisfy all of the covenants of Borrower
contained  in  the  Loan  Documents  through  final  completion  of the
Improvements.  If Lender determines at any time that such funds are not
sufficient  for such  purposes,  Borrower may satisfy this

2

<PAGE>


condition by  depositing  with Lender the amount of such  deficiency in
the  Account  (as  hereinafter  defined)  within  five (5)  days  after
Lender's written demand; and

(c) Borrower has delivered to Lender all of the Loan Documents
and all other documents,  instruments,  policies, and forms of evidence
or other  materials  requested by Lender  pursuant to this Agreement or
any of the other Loan Documents.

2.2  Account.  If required by Lender,  a  non-interest  bearing  demand
deposit account in Borrower's and Lender's names  ("Account")  will be opened by
Lender with a bank selected by Lender and  administered  in accordance with this
Agreement.  The  proceeds  of the  Loan and  Borrower's  Funds  (as  hereinafter
defined), when qualified for disbursement,  shall be deposited into the Account,
if opened, or otherwise  disbursed to or for the benefit or account of Borrower,
as determined by Lender, under the terms of this Agreement.

2.3 Borrower's Funds.  Except as otherwise  provided in this Agreement,
all funds which are  deposited  with Lender  pursuant to section  2.1(b)  hereof
("Borrower's  Funds")  or any other  provision  of the Loan  Documents  shall be
deposited in the Account,  and controlled by Lender, for disbursement under this
Agreement.

2.4 Pledge and  Assignment.  As security for  performance of Borrower's
obligations under the Loan Documents,  Borrower  irrevocably pledges and assigns
to Lender,  and grants to Lender a security  interest in, all monies at any time
deposited in the Account.

2.5  Disbursement.  Subject to the  conditions set forth in section 2.1
hereof,  the  proceeds of the Loan and  Borrower's  Funds shall be  disbursed in
accordance with Exhibit E attached hereto and made a part hereof.  Disbursements
made after the deposit of Borrower's  Funds shall be made from Borrower's  Funds
until depleted.

2.6 Disbursed Funds. All disbursements of the Loan and Borrower's Funds
shall be held by  Borrower  in trust and  applied  by  Borrower  solely  for the
purposes  for which the funds have been  disbursed.  Lender is not  obligated to
monitor or determine Borrower's use or application of such disbursements.

2.7 Disbursement Authorization.  Disbursements hereunder may be made by
Lender to the Account or disbursed to or for the benefit or account of Borrower,
as  determined  by  Lender,  upon  the  written  request  of any  one (1) of the
following persons,  Michael J. Smith, Roger A. Smith, or Daniel C. Ross, who are
authorized  to  request   disbursements   until  written  notice  of  Borrower's
revocation of such authority is received by Lender.


ARTICLE 3

Construction

3.1 Commencement and Completion.  Borrower shall commence  construction
of the  Improvements  without  delay  immediately  after,  but not  before,  the
Effective Date, shall diligently continue construction to completion,  and shall
complete

3

<PAGE>


construction of the Improvements (other than the interior improvements for which
Lender is  responsible  pursuant to the Lease (the "Lease")  dated  September 5,
1991, between Borrower,  as landlord,  and Lender, as tenant) on or before April
1, 1992.

3.2  Construction.  Borrower shall construct the Improvements in a good
and workmanlike  manner in accordance with the Plans and  Specifications and the
recommendations  of any soils or  engineering  report  approved  by  Lender.  In
constructing the  Improvements,  Borrower shall comply with all applicable laws,
ordinances,  rules, regulations,  building restrictions,  recorded covenants and
restrictions, and requirements of all regulatory authorities having jurisdiction
over  the  Improvements  or  the  Property  (collectively  "Requirements").   If
necessary,  the Plans and  Specifications  shall be  modified to comply with the
Requirements, subject to the provisions of section 3.3 hereof.

3.3 Plans and  Specifications.  Except as  otherwise  provided  in this
Article  3,  there  shall be no change in the Plans and  Specifications  without
Lender's prior written  approval.  Requests for approval shall be submitted on a
change order form  acceptable  to Lender  signed by Borrower and, if required by
Lender, the project architect and the general contractor, accompanied by working
drawings and a written  narrative of the proposed  change.  As conditions to its
approval,  (a)  Lender  may  require  satisfactory  evidence  of the cost of the
proposed  change and the time necessary to complete the proposed  change and (b)
to the  extent  Lender  determines  that the  proposed  change  will  result  in
increased cost,  Lender may require Borrower to deposit  Borrower's Funds in the
amount of the increased cost into the Account in accordance  with section 2.1(b)
hereof.  Borrower  acknowledges that this approval process may result in delays.
Upon  Lender's  request,   Borrower,  the  project  architect  and  the  general
contractor shall initial the copy of the Plans and Specifications  delivered to,
and approved by, Lender as a true copy of the Plans and  Specifications  for the
Improvements.  Borrower  shall  maintain  at all  times  a full  set of  working
drawings for the  Improvements  available for  inspection by Lender.  Within ten
(10)days  after  Lender's  request,  Borrower  shall deliver to Lender  complete
as-built Plans and Specifications for the completed Improvements.

3.4 Changes in Plans and  Specifications.  The prior written consent of
Lender  shall not be required  for any  changes in the Plans and  Specifications
unless such change (a) constitutes a material change in the building material or
equipment  specifications or the architectural or structural  design,  value, or
quality of any of the  Improvements,  or  (b)would  result in an increase in any
item of  construction  cost in excess of one thousand  dollars  ($1,000) for any
single  change or in  excess  of ten  thousand  dollars  ($10,000)  for all such
changes in such items of  construction  cost, or (c) would affect the structural
integrity,  quality of building material or equipment,  or overall efficiency of
operating  systems or utility systems of the Improvements.  Notwithstanding  the
foregoing,  Borrower  shall  submit  all  proposed  changes  in  the  Plans  and
Specifications  to Lender at least ten (10) days  prior to the  commencement  of
construction relating to such proposed change, whether or not any such change is
subject to Lender's approval.

3.5  Construction   Information;   Inspections.   Lender  is  expressly
authorized to contact any contractor, subcontractor or material supplier and, at
all reasonable times, to enter the Property and inspect the Improvements and the
work of construction in order to verify  information  disclosed pursuant to this
section or for any other  purpose.  From time to time,  and within ten (10) days
after Lender's request, Borrower shall deliver to Lender:

4

<PAGE>


(a)  A  complete  list  stating  (i)  the  name,  address  and
telephone  number  of  each  contractor,   subcontractor  and  material
supplier to be employed or used for  construction  of the  Improvements
and (ii) the dollar amount, including changes, if any, of each contract
and subcontract, and the portion thereof, if any, paid through the date
of such list; and

(b) Copies of each contract and subcontract identified in such
list, including any changes thereto; and

(c) A cost breakdown,  in a form acceptable to Lender, stating
the estimated total cost of  constructing  the  Improvements,  and that
portion, if any, of each cost item (i) which has been incurred and (ii)
which has been paid, all as of the date of such cost breakdown; and

(d) A construction  progress schedule, in a form acceptable to
Lender,   showing  the  progress  of  construction  and  the  estimated
sequencing and completion time for uncompleted work, all as of the date
of such schedule; and

(e) With respect to any item  designated  above which has been
previously delivered, such update thereof as Lender may request.

3.6  Prohibited  Contracts.  Without  Lender's  prior written  consent,
Borrower shall not contract for any materials, furnishings,  equipment, fixtures
or other parts or components of the Improvements,  or other property for the use
or occupancy of the Property or the Improvements,  if any third party retains or
purports to retain any  interest  (other than lien  rights,  if any,  created by
operation of law) in such items after their  delivery to the Property.  Borrower
shall have five (5) days to effect the removal of any such retained interest.

3.7 Liens and Stop  Notices.  If a claim of lien is recorded  affecting
the Property or the  Improvements  or a bonded stop notice is served upon Lender
which affects the Loan or Borrower's Funds,  Borrower shall,  within twenty (20)
days after such  recording  or  service or within  five (5) days after  Lender's
demand  (whichever  last occurs):  (a) pay and discharge the same; or (b) effect
the  release  thereof by  recording  or  delivering  to Lender a surety  bond in
sufficient  form and amount;  or (c) provide Lender with other  assurance  which
Lender deems, in its sole discretion, to be satisfactory for the payment of such
lien or bonded stop notice and for the full and continuous  protection of Lender
from the effect of such lien or bonded stop notice.

3.8 Construction responsibilities. Borrower shall be solely responsible
for all  aspects of  Borrower's  business  and  conduct in  connection  with the
Property  and the  Improvements,including,  but not  limited to, the quality and
suitability  of the  Plans and  Specifications  and  their  compliance  with the
Requirements,  the supervision of the work of construction,  the qualifications,
financial condition and performance of all architects,  engineers,  contractors,
material suppliers,  consultants and property managers,  and the accuracy of all
applications for payment and the proper application of all disbursements. Lender
is not obligated to supervise,  inspect or inform Borrower or any third party of
any aspect of the  construction of the Improvements or any other matter referred
to in this section.  Any inspection or review by Lender is to determine  whether
Borrower is properly discharging its obligations to Lender and may not be relied
upon by Borrower or any third party.  Lender owes no duty of care to Borrower or
any third party to

5

<PAGE>


protect  against,  or to inform  Borrower or any third party of, any  negligent,
faulty, inadequate or defective design or construction of the Improvements.

3.9  Improvement  District.  Without  Lender's  prior written  consent,
Borrower  shall  not,  directly  or  indirectly,   advocate  or  assist  in  the
incorporation of any of the Property or the Improvements into any improvement or
other assessment district.

3.10 Delay.  Borrower  shall  promptly  notify Lender in writing of any
event causing delay or interruption of construction or the timely  completion of
construction. The notice shall specify the particular work delayed and the cause
and period of each delay.

3.11 Surveys.  At Lender's  request,  Borrower shall deliver to Lender:
(a) a perimeter  survey of the Property;  (b) upon completion of the foundations
of the  Improvements,  a survey showing the location of the  Improvements on the
Property  and showing  that the  Improvements  are located  entirely  within the
Property and do not  encroach  upon any easement or breach or violate any of the
Requirements;  and (c) upon completion of the  Improvements,  an as-built survey
acceptable  to a title  insurer  for  purposes of issuing an ALTA Loan Policy of
title  insurance.  All such surveys  shall be made and certified by a registered
engineer or licensed surveyor.

3.12  Force  Majeure.   The  time  within  which  construction  of  the
Improvements  must be completed  shall be extended for a period of time equal to
the period of any delay directly affecting the construction work which is caused
by fire, earthquake,  inclement weather,  strike, lockout, acts of public enemy,
riot, insurrection,  or governmental regulation of the sale or transportation of
materials,  supplies or labor,  provided Borrower  furnishes Lender with written
notice of any such delay within seven (7) days after the  occurrence of any such
delay. In no event,  however,  shall the time for completion of the Improvements
(other than the interior  improvements for which Lender is responsible  pursuant
to the Lease) be extended beyond July 1, 1992.

3.13 Construction Agreement. Borrower and a general contractor approved
by Lender ("Contractor") will enter into a construction agreement ("Construction
Agreement"),  pursuant to which  Contractor  will construct the  Improvements in
accordance with the Plans and Specifications.  Borrower shall require Contractor
to perform in accordance  with the  Construction  Agreement and shall not amend,
modify or terminate the duties of Contractor  under the  Construction  Agreement
without Lender's prior written consent.  Upon Lender's  request,  Borrower shall
execute an  assignment of the  Construction  Agreement to Lender as security for
Borrower's  obligations  under the Loan Documents and shall cause the Contractor
to consent to any such assignment.

3.14   Architect's   Agreement.   Borrower   and   Forsher   &  Guthrie
("Architect") have entered into the Standard Form of Agreement Between Owner and
Architect  for  Designated   Services   dated  August  21,  1991   ("Architect's
Agreement"), pursuant to which Architect is to design and supervise construction
of the  Improvements.  Borrower shall require Architect to perform in accordance
with the  Architect's  Agreement  and shall not amend,  modify or terminate  the
duties of Architect  under the  Architect's  Agreement  without  Lender's  prior
written consent. Upon Lender's request,  Borrower shall execute an assignment of
the Architect's Agreement and the Plans and Specifications to Lender as security
for  Borrower's  obligations  under

6

<PAGE>


the Loan  Documents  and  shall  cause  the  Architect  to  consent  to any such
assignment.

3.15 Bonds. Within five (5) days after Lender's request, Borrower shall
procure from a surety acceptable to Lender, and deliver to Lender,  dual obligee
performance and labor and material payment bonds in a form, substance and amount
acceptable  to Lender and,  if  requested  by Lender,  cause any such bond to be
recorded and the Construction  Agreement to be filed in the office of the County
Recorder of the County where the Property is located.

3.16 Contractors. Lender may, but shall not be obligated to, disapprove
any contractor, subcontractor or material supplier whom Lender deems financially
or  otherwise  unqualified.  The  absence  of any  such  disapproval  shall  not
constitute a representation of qualifications.

3.17  Completion  of  Plans  and  Specifications.  Notwithstanding  the
foregoing  provisions of Articles 1, 2 and 3, Borrower and Lender recognize that
the  Plans  and   Specifications   (Exhibit   B),  the   Financial   Requirement
Analysis.(Exhibit  D) and  the  Disbursement  Plan  (Exhibit  E) have  not  been
completed as of the date of this  Agreement  and will not be completed as of the
Effective Date. Accordingly,  Exhibits B, D and E attached to this Agreement are
incomplete.  Borrower  shall,  on or before November 1, 1991, (a) cause complete
Plans and  Specifications  for the  Improvements  to be prepared,  (b) prepare a
final  construction cost budget based on the complete Plans and  Specifications,
(c) enter into the  Construction  Agreement with the Contractor  consistent with
the complete Plans and  Specifications  and the final  construction cost budget,
and  (d)  obtain  all  required   building   permits  for  construction  of  the
Improvements. The complete Plans and Specifications, the final construction cost
budget,  the Contractor and the  Construction  Agreement shall be subject to the
prior written  approval of Lender.  Upon such  approval by Lender,  Borrower and
Lender each shall execute and deliver an amendment to this Agreement  containing
Exhibits B, D and E, which shall become part of this Agreement,  on the basis of
the complete Plans and  Specifications  and the final  construction  cost budget
approved by Lender.  The total amount of the Loan shall not exceed three million
dollars  ($3,000,000),  and  Borrower  shall pay all costs  over  three  million
dollars  ($3,000,000)  necessary to complete the Improvements in accordance with
this Agreement.

3.18 Grading and Drainage work.  Borrower has submitted to Lender,  and
Lender has approved,  plans for the grading and drainage work,  which consist of
Sheet 1  (improvement  plan),  Sheets 2 and 3 (grading and  drainage  plans) and
Sheet 4 (signing and striping  plan for the parking  area) dated August 1, 1991,
prepared by Oberkamper & Associates.  The portion of the Loan  allocated to such
grading and drainage  work is three  hundred six  thousand  two hundred  dollars
($306,200).  Borrower  shall  commence  such grading and drainage  work promptly
after the Effective Date,  Borrower shall perform such grading and drainage work
in accordance with such approved  plans,  and Lender shall disburse such portion
of the Loan  allocated  to such  grading  and  drainage  work  pursuant  to this
Agreement as the work progresses.

7


<PAGE>

ARTICLE 4

Insurance

4.1 Title  Insurance.  Borrower shall, at Borrower's  expense,  procure
from a title  insurer  satisfactory  to Lender a 1970 LP-10 ALTA Loan  Policy of
title insurance  ("Title  Policy"),  with any  endorsements  Lender may require,
insuring  Lender,  in the principal  amount of the Loan, of the validity and the
priority  of  the  lien  of  the  Deed  of  Trust  upon  the  Property  and  the
Improvements,  subject only to matters approved by Lender in writing. During the
term of the Loan, Borrower shall, at Borrower's expense,  procure and deliver to
Lender,  within five (5) days after Lender's request, such other endorsements to
the Title Policy as Lender may require.

4.2 Hazard  Insurance.  Borrower shall procure and maintain a policy of
builder's risk completed value hazard insurance,  with a vandalism and malicious
mischief  endorsement and such other  endorsements as Lender may require,  in an
amount acceptable to Lender. Lender shall be named under a Lender's Loss Payable
Endorsement  (form  438BFU)  attached to the policy.  At Lender's  request,  the
policy shall contain an agreed value clause sufficient (as determined by Lender)
to eliminate any risk of co-insurance.

4.3 Liability  Insurance.  Borrower shall procure and maintain a policy
of comprehensive  public liability  insurance and property damage insurance with
limits as required by Lender,  insuring against liability for injury or death to
any person and property damage  occurring on the Property or in the Improvements
from any cause  whatsoever.  The  policy  shall  name  Lender  as an  additional
insured.

4.4  Blanket  Coverage.  Lender  may  accept,  at its  option,  blanket
insurance  policies  in  satisfaction  of  Borrower's   obligations  to  provide
insurance.

4.5 General.  Borrower  shall procure and maintain all other  insurance
required by the Requirements,  the Deed of Trust or applicable law. Lender shall
receive the originals of all required insurance  policies,  or other evidence of
insurance  acceptable to Lender.  Borrower shall maintain all required insurance
until  the  Loan is  repaid.  All  insurance  policies  shall  provide  that the
insurance  shall not be  cancellable or materially  changed  without thirty (30)
days' prior written notice to Lender.  All insurance policies shall be issued by
licensed insurance companies acceptable to Lender.


ARTICLE 5

Representations and warranties

Borrower  hereby  represents and warrants to Lender as of the Effective
Date and continuing thereafter as follows:

5.1  Authority.  Borrower  has complied  with all laws and  regulations
concerning its organization, existence and transaction of business. Borrower has
the  right  and  power  to own  and  develop  the  Property  and  construct  the
Improvements  as  contemplated  in the Loan  Documents.  Borrower has, or at all
appropriate  times shall have,  properly  obtained  all  permits,  licenses  and
approvals  necessary to construct,  occupy,  operate and lease the Improvements,
and complied with the  Requirements  and all other  applicable  statutes,  laws,
regulations and ordinances.

5.2  Enforceability.  Borrower is  authorized  to execute,  deliver and
perform under the Loan Documents, which are legal, valid and binding obligations
of Borrower, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms.

8

<PAGE>


5.3 No Violation.  Borrower's undertakings in the Loan Documents do not
violate any of the Requirements or any other applicable statute, law, regulation
or  ordinance  or any order or ruling of any court or  governmental  entity,  or
conflict with, or constitute a breach or default  under,  any agreement by which
Borrower is, or the  Property  and the  Improvements  are,  bound or  regulated.
Borrower is not in violation of any statute, law, regulation or ordinance, or of
any order of any court or governmental entity.  There are no claims,  actions or
proceedings pending or, to Borrower's knowledge,  threatened against Borrower or
affecting the Property or the Improvements.

5.4  Financial  Information.  All  financial  information  delivered to
Lender,  including,  without limitation,  information  relating to the financial
condition of Borrower, the Property, the Improvements,  or partners of Borrower,
fairly and accurately  represents such financial condition and has been prepared
in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles   consistently
applied, unless otherwise noted in such information.  No material adverse change
in such financial condition has occurred.

5.5 Accuracy.  All reports,  documents,  instruments,  information  and
forms of evidence  delivered  to Lender  concerning  the Loan or required by the
Loan Documents are accurate,  correct and  sufficiently  complete to give Lender
true and accurate  knowledge  of their  subject  matter,  and do not contain any
misrepresentation or omission.

5.6 Adequacy of Loan.  The  undisbursed  Loan  proceeds,  together with
Borrower's Funds and all other sums (if any) to be provided by Borrower as shown
in Exhibit D, are sufficient to do all of the things specified in section 2.1(b)
hereof.

5.7 Taxes.  Borrower has filed all required federal,  state, county and
municipal  tax returns  and has paid all taxes owed and  payable,  and  Borrower
knows of no basis for additional assessment with respect to any taxes.

5.8 Utilities.  All utility services,  including,  without  limitation,
gas,  water,  sewer,  drainage,  electrical  and  telephone,  necessary  for the
development, construction and occupancy of the Property and the Improvements are
available at or within the boundaries of the Property, or Borrower has taken all
steps  necessary  to assure that all utility  services  will be  available  upon
completion of the Improvements.

5.9  Compliance.  Borrower  is  familiar  with  all  Requirements.  The
development  of the  Property  and the  construction  of the  Improvements  will
conform to and comply with the Requirements and the Plans and Specifications.


ARTICLE 6

Default

6.1 Default.  The following shall constitute a "Default" under the Loan
Documents:

(a) Monetary.  (i) Borrower's failure to pay when due any sums
payable  under the Note or any of the  other  Loan  Documents;  or (ii)
Borrower's failure

9

<PAGE>


to deposit any  Borrower's  Funds as and when  required  under  section
2.1(b) hereof; or

(b) Construction;  Use. (i) Any material deviation in the work
of construction  from the Plans and  Specifications or the Requirements
or the  appearance  or use of  defective  workmanship  or  materials in
constructing  the  Improvements,  and Borrower's  failure to remedy the
same to  Lender's  satisfaction  within  ten (10) days  after  Lender's
written demand to do so; or (ii) the cessation of  construction  of the
Improvements  prior to completion for a continuous  period of more than
fifteen  (15) days  (except as caused by events for which  delay may be
permitted under Article 3 hereof); or (iii) the prohibition,  enjoining
or  delaying  (in  any  manner)  of  the  construction  of  any  of the
Improvements  in  accordance  with the Loan  Documents for a continuous
period  of more than  thirty  (30)  days;  or (iv) the  curtailment  in
availability to the Property or the  Improvements of utilities or other
public services necessary for the full occupancy and utilization of the
Improvements for a continuous period of more than thirty (30) days; or

(c)  Liens,  Attachment;  Condemnation.  (i) The filing of any
claim of lien against the Property or the  Improvements  or the service
on  Lender  of any  bonded  stop  notice  relating  to the Loan and the
continuance  of the claim of lien or bonded stop notice for twenty (20)
days without  discharge,  satisfaction  or provision  for payment being
made in  accordance  with Article 3 hereof;  or (ii) the  condemnation,
seizure or  appropriation  of, or occurrence  of an uninsured  casualty
with respect to, any material (as  determined by Lender in its sole and
absolute  discretion)  portion of the Property or the Improvements;  or
(iii) the  sequestration  or  attachment  of, or any levy or  execution
upon,  any of the Property or the  Improvements,  any other  collateral
provided by Borrower under any of the Loan Documents, any monies in the
Account,  or any  substantial  portion of the other assets of Borrower,
which is not  released,  expunged or dismissed  prior to the earlier of
thirty  (30)days  after  sequestration,  attachment or execution or the
sale of such other assets affected thereby; or

(d) Performance of obligations.  Borrower's failure to perform
its  obligations  under any of the Loan Documents;  provided,  however,
that if a  specific  time is  provided  in the Loan  Documents  for the
curing  of  such  failure,  Borrower's  failure  to  perform  will  not
constitute a Default until the specified time period expires; or

(e) Representations and Warranties.  (i) The failure of any of
Borrower's  representations or warranties in any of the Loan Documents,
except as to adverse change in financial  condition,  to be true within
fifteen (15) days, or other period as may be provided,  after notice by
Lender; or (ii) any material adverse change in the financial  condition
of Borrower or any other  person or entity in any manner  obligated  to
Lender  under  the  Loan   Documents   from  the  financial   condition
represented to Lender as of the Effective Date; or

(f)  Voluntary  Bankruptcy;   Insolvency;   Dissolution.   (i)
Borrower's  filing of a petition for relief under the Bankruptcy Reform
Act of 1978, as amended or recodified ("Bankruptcy Code"), or under any
other  present or future  state or federal  law  regarding  bankruptcy,
reorganization or other relief to debtors (collectively, "Debtor

10

<PAGE>


Relief Law"); or (ii) Borrower's filing any pleading in any involuntary
proceeding  under the Bankruptcy Code or other Debtor Relief Law, which
admits  the  jurisdiction  of  the  court  or the  petition's  material
allegations regarding Borrower's insolvency; or (iii) Borrower's making
a general  assignment for the benefit of creditors;  or (iv) Borrower's
applying for, or the appointment of, a receiver,  trustee, custodian or
liquidator of Borrower or any of its property;  or (v) the filing by or
against  Borrower of a petition  seeking the liquidation or dissolution
of Borrower or the  commencement of any other procedure to liquidate or
dissolve Borrower; or

(g)  Involuntary  Bankruptcy.  Borrower's  failure to effect a
full dismissal of any involuntary petition under the Bankruptcy Code or
any other Debtor  Relief Law that is filed  against  Borrower or in any
way  restrains or limits  Borrower or Lender  regarding  the Loan,  the
Property or the  Improvements  prior to the earlier of the entry of any
order granting relief sought in the involuntary petition or thirty (30)
days after the date of filing of the petition; or

(h) Partners; Guarantors. The occurrence of an event specified
in section  6.1(f) or section  6-1(g) hereof as to any person or entity
in any manner obligated to Lender under the Loan Documents

6.2  Acceleration.  Upon  the  occurrence  of a  Default  specified  in
sections  6.1(a) through 6.1(e)  hereof,  inclusive,  Lender may, at its option,
declare  all sums owing to Lender  under the Note and the other  Loan  documents
immediately  due and  payable.  Upon the  occurrence  of a Default  specified in
section 6.1(f),  6.1(g) or 6.1(h) hereof,  or upon the occurrence of any default
or event of default  specified in any of the Loan Documents  which provides that
acceleration  shall be  automatic,  all  sums  owing to  Lender  under  the Loan
Documents  shall  automatically   become  immediately  due  and  payable.   Upon
acceleration,  Lender may, in  addition to other uses  permitted  under the Loan
Documents,  apply  undisbursed  Loan proceeds and any sums in the Account to the
sums owing to Lender under the Loan Documents.

6.3  Disbursement by Lender.  Upon the occurrence of a Default which is
occasioned  by  Borrower's  failure to pay money,  Lender may,  but shall not be
obligated,  to make such payment from Loan proceeds,  Borrower's Funds, or other
funds of  Lender.  If such  payment  is made from  proceeds  of the Loan or from
Borrower's Funds, Borrower shall deposit with Lender, upon written demand issued
pursuant to section  2.1(b)  hereof,  an amount equal to such  payment.  If such
payment  is made from  funds of  Lender,  Borrower  shall  repay such funds upon
demand issued  pursuant to section 6.6 hereof.  In either case, the Default with
respect to which any such  payment  has been made by Lender  shall not be deemed
cured  until  such  deposit or  repayment  (as the case may be) has been made by
Borrower.

6.4 Lender's Completion of Construction. If Default occurs, Lender may,
upon five (5)  days'  written  notice to  Borrower,  and with or  without  legal
process,  take possession of the Property and the Improvements,  remove Borrower
and all agents,  employees and contractors of Borrower from the Property and the
Improvements,  complete the work of  construction,  and market and sell or lease
the Property and the Improvements.  Borrower  irrevocably appoints Lender as its
attorney-in-fact, which agency is coupled with an interest. As attorney-in-fact,
Lender may, in Borrower's  name, take or omit to take any action Lender may deem
appropriate,  including, without limitation,  exercising Borrower's rights under
the  Loan   Documents  and  all  contracts   concerning   the  Property  or  the
Improvements.

11

<PAGE>


6.5  Cessation  of   Construction.   If  Lender   determines  that  the
Improvements  are not  being  constructed  in  accordance  with  the  Plans  and
Specifications,  the  Requirements or the Loan  Documents,  Lender may order all
construction  on  any  of  the   Improvements   affected  by  the  condition  of
nonconformance  immediately stopped.  After such order, Borrower shall not allow
any construction work, other than corrective work, to be performed on any of the
Improvements  affected by the condition of nonconformance  until Lender notifies
Borrower in writing that the nonconforming condition has been corrected.

6.6  Repayment  of  Funds  Advanced.  If  Lender  spends  its  funds in
exercising any of its rights or remedies under the Loan Documents, the amount of
funds spent shall be payable to Lender upon demand,  together  with  interest at
the rate  applicable  to the  principal  balance  of the Note  after  default or
maturity as specified therein, from the date the funds were spent. Until repaid,
such amounts shall have the security afforded disbursements under the Note.

6.7 Right of  Contest.  Borrower  may  contest in good faith any claim,
demand,  levy or assessment  (other than liens and stop  notices,  provision for
which is made in Article 3 hereof) by any person  other than Lender  which would
constitute a Default if (a)  Borrower  pursues the contest  diligently  and in a
manner which Lender  determines is not prejudicial to Lender and does not impair
the rights of Lender  under any of the Loan  Documents  and (b) if  requested by
Lender,  Borrower  deposits  with Lender any funds or other  forms of  assurance
Lender in good faith from time to time determines  appropriate to protect Lender
from the consequences of the contest being unsuccessful.  Borrower's  compliance
with  this  section  shall  operate  to  prevent  such  claim,  demand,  levy or
assessment from becoming a Default.


ARTICLE 7

Miscellaneous Provisions

7.1 Expenses.  Borrower shall pay within five (5) days Lender's  demand
all reasonable and necessary expenses incidental to making the Loan,  including,
without   limitation,   preclosing  and  closing   expenses,   commitment  fees,
architectural  and engineering  review  expenses,  appraisal fees,  construction
inspection fees and attorneys' fees, incurred by Lender; provided, however, that
Borrower  shall not be required to pay more than the total  amount of  sixty-two
thousand five hundred dollars ($62,500) on account of such expenses.

7.2 Financial  Information.  Within one hundred twenty (120) days after
the end of  Borrower's  tax year,  Borrower  shall  deliver  to Lender a current
signed financial  statement,  income and expense  statement and balance sheet of
Borrower.  Borrower  shall also  deliver to Lender such  quarterly,  periodic or
other  financial  information  as Lender may  request.  If Borrower  has audited
financial information prepared,  Borrower shall deliver to Lender copies of that
information  within five (5) days after its preparation.  All financial  reports
shall be prepared in accordance with generally  accepted  accounting  principles
consistently applied, or other form acceptable to Lender.

7.3 Indemnity.  Borrower  indemnifies Lender against,  and holds Lender
harmless from,  any losses,  damages,  liabilities,  claims,  demands,  actions,

12

<PAGE>


judgments,  court costs and legal or other expenses  (including  attorneys' fees
and  disbursements)  which Lender may incur as a direct or indirect  consequence
of: (i) the making of the Loan,  except for violations of laws or regulations by
Lender;  or (ii)  Borrower's  failure to  perform  any  obligations  as and when
required  by this  Agreement  or any of the other Loan  Documents;  or (iii) any
failure at any time of any of  Borrower's  representations  or  warranties to be
true and  correct;  or (iv) any act or omission  by  Borrower,  any  contractor,
subcontractor or material supplier,  or any engineer,  architect or other person
or entity  with  respect to any of the  Property or the  Improvements.  Borrower
shall pay  immediately  upon  Lender's  demand  any  amounts  owing  under  this
indemnity  together with interest  from the date the  indebtedness  arises until
paid at the rate of interest  applicable  to the  principal  balance of the Note
after  default or maturity as specified  therein.  Borrower's  duty to indemnify
Lender  shall  survive  the  release  and  cancellation  of  the  Note  and  the
reconveyance or partial reconveyance of the Deed of Trust.

7.4  Books and  Records.  Borrower  shall  maintain  complete  books of
account  and  other  records  for  the  Property  and the  Improvements  and for
disbursement  and use of the Loan proceeds and  Borrower's  Funds,  and the same
shall be available for inspection and copying by Lender.

7.5 Further Assurances.  At Lender's request and at Borrower's expense,
Borrower  shall  execute,  acknowledge  and  deliver any other  instruments  and
perform any other acts necessary,  desirable or proper (as determined by Lender)
to carry out the  purposes of the Loan  Documents or to perfect and preserve any
liens created by the Loan Documents.

7.6  Form of  Documents.  The  form  and  substance  of all  documents,
instruments,  and forms of evidence to be delivered to Lender under the terms of
any of the Loan Documents shall be subject to Lender's approval and shall not be
modified, superseded or terminated in any respect without Lender's prior written
approval.

7.7 No Third  Parties  Benefited.  No  person  other  than  Lender  and
Borrower  and their  permitted  successors  and assigns  shall have any right of
action under any of the Loan Documents.

7.8 Notices.  All written  notices and demands under the Loan Documents
shall be deemed served upon  delivery or, if mailed,  upon receipt after deposit
in United  States  Postal  Service  by  certified  mail,  postage  prepaid,  and
addressed to the address of Borrower or Lender appearing below. Notice of change
of address may be given in the same manner, provided Borrower's address shall be
in the State of California.

7.9  Authority  to File  Notices.  Borrower  irrevocably  appoints  and
authorizes Lender, as Borrower's attorney-in-fact,  which agency is coupled with
an  interest,  to execute  and/or  record in  Lender's  or  Borrower's  name any
notices,  instruments  or  documents  that Lender deems  appropriate  to protect
Lender's interest under any of the Loan Documents.

7.10 Actions.  Lender may  commence,  appear in or defend any action or
proceeding  purporting  to  affect  the  Property,  the  Improvements,  the Loan
Documents or the rights,  duties or  liabilities of Borrower or Lender under the
Loan  Documents.  In exercising  this right,  Lender may incur and pay costs and
expenses,

13

<PAGE>


including,  without  limitation,  attorneys' fees and court costs,  and Borrower
agrees to pay all such expenses so incurred or paid.

7.11  Relationship of Parties.  The relationship of Borrower and Lender
under the Loan  Documents  is,  and shall at all times  remain,  solely  that of
borrower and lender. No partnership,  joint venture or fiduciary relationship of
any kind or nature  whatsoever  exists between  Borrower and Lender and Borrower
and Lender are not  members of any joint or common  enterprise.  Lender  neither
undertakes  nor assumes any  responsibility  or duty to Borrower or to any third
party with respect to the  Property,  the  Improvements  or the Loan,  except as
expressly provided in the Loan Documents.

7.12 Lender's Delay. Lender shall not be liable in any way for Lender's
failure to perform or delay in performing  under the Loan Documents,  and Lender
may suspend or terminate  all or any portion of Lender's  obligations  under the
Loan Documents if Lender's delay or failure results directly or indirectly from,
or is based upon, the action, inaction, or purported action, of any governmental
or  local  authority,   or  any  war  (whether  declared  or  not),   rebellion,
insurrection,  strike,  lock-out,  boycott or  blockade  (whether  presently  in
effect,  announced or in the sole  judgment of Lender deemed  probable),  or any
other cause or event beyond Lender's control.

7.13 Attorneys' Fees; Enforcement. If any attorney is engaged by Lender
to enforce, construe or defend any provision of any of the Loan Documents, or as
a consequence of any Default or event of default under the Loan Documents,  with
or without the filing of any legal action or  proceeding,  Borrower shall pay to
Lender,  immediately  upon  demand,  the  amount  of  all  attorneys'  fees  and
disbursements incurred by Lender in connection therewith, together with interest
thereon from the date of such demand at the rate of interest  applicable  to the
principal balance of the Note after default or maturity as specified therein.

7.14 Assignment.  Borrower shall not assign  Borrower's  interest under
any of the Loan  Documents,  or in any monies  due or to become due  thereunder,
without  Lender's prior written  consent.  Any assignment made without  Lender's
consent shall be void. Borrower recognizes that this is not an ordinary loan and
that Lender would not make this Loan except in reliance on Borrower's  expertise
and reputation,  Lender's knowledge of Borrower, and Lender's understanding that
this Agreement is more in the nature of an agreement involving personal services
than a standard loan where Lender would rely on security  which already  exists.
In this instance,  the Improvements are not constructed and Lender is relying on
Borrower's  expertise and prior experience to develop the Property and construct
the Improvements in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents.

7.15 Disclosure of Information. If Lender elects to sell participations
in the Loan, Lender may forward to each participant and prospective  participant
all  documents  and  information  relating to the Loan and all parties  thereto,
whether furnished by Borrower or otherwise.

7.16 Signs.  Lender may place on the Property signs stating that Lender
is providing construction financing.

7.17 Lender's Agents. Lender may designate an agent,  representative or
independent  contractor  to  exercise  any of  Lender's  rights  under  the Loan

14

<PAGE>


Documents.  Any reference to Lender in any of the Loan  Documents  shall include
Lender's agents, employees, representatives or independent contractors.

7.18  Severability.  If any  provision of the Loan  Documents  shall be
determined  by a court of  competent  jurisdiction  to be  invalid,  illegal  or
unenforceable,  that portion shall be deemed severed from the Loan Documents and
the remaining parts shall remain in full force as though the invalid, illegal or
unenforceable portion were not part of the Loan Documents.

7.19 Heirs,  Successors  and Assigns.  The terms of the Loan  Documents
shall  be  binding  upon  and  inure  to  the  benefit  of the  heirs,  personal
representatives,  successors and assigns of the parties;  provided however, that
this section does not waive the provisions of section 7.14 hereof.

7.20 Rights  Cumulative,  No Waiver.  All Lender's  rights and remedies
provided in the Loan Documents,  granted by law or otherwise, are cumulative and
may be exercised by Lender at any time. Lender's exercise of any right or remedy
shall not  constitute a cure of any Default unless all sums then due and payable
to Lender under the Loan  Documents  are repaid and Borrower has cured all other
Defaults.  No waiver shall be implied from any failure of Lender to take, or any
delay by Lender in taking, action concerning any Default or failure of condition
under  the Loan  Documents,  or from  any  previous  waiver  of any  similar  or
unrelated  Default or failure of condition.  Any waiver or approval under any of
the Loan  Documents  must be in writing  and shall be  limited  to its  specific
terms.

7.21 Time. Time is of the essence of each term of the Loan Documents.

7.22 Headings.  All headings appearing in any of the Loan Documents are
for convenience only and shall be disregarded in construing the Loan Documents.

7.23  Governing  Law.  The Loan  Documents  shall be  governed  by, and
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of California.

7.24  Integration;   Interpretation.  The  Loan  Documents  contain  or
expressly  incorporate  by  reference  the entire  agreement of the parties with
respect to the matters contemplated herein and supersede all prior negotiations.
The Loan Documents shall not be modified except by written  instrument  executed
by all parties.  Any  reference in any of the Loan  Documents to the Property or
the  Improvements  shall  include  all  or any  parts  of  the  Property  or the
Improvements.  Any reference to the Loan  Documents in any of the Loan Documents
includes any amendments,  renewals or extensions  approved in writing by Lender.
Any reference in this Agreement to the Loan  Documents  shall include all or any
of the  provisions  of  this  Agreement  and the  other  Loan  Documents  unless
otherwise specified.

7.25 Joint and  Several  Liability.  The  liability  of all persons and
entities who are in any manner  obligated  under any of the Loan Documents shall
be joint and several.

15

<PAGE>


7.26 Incorporation. Exhibits A, B, C, D and E, all attached hereto, are
incorporated into this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower and Lender have executed this Construction
Loan Agreement as of the date first hereinabove written.


111 PARTNERS, a California general
partnership



By________________________________
Michael J.  Smith
General Partner


By________________________________
Roger A. Smith
General Partner


By________________________________
Daniel C. Ross
General Partner



Borrower's Address:

50 Bon Air Center, Suite 140
Greenbrae, CA 94904
Attn: Roger A. Smith


FAIR, ISAAC AND COMPANY,
INCORPORATED, a Delaware corporation


By________________________________
Gerald de Kerchove
Executive Vice President


Lender's Address:

120 North Redwood Drive
San Rafael, CA 94903-1996
Attn: Michael C. Gordon

16

<PAGE>


EXHIBIT A

CONSTRUCTION LOAN AGREEMENT

(Description of Property)


All of the real  property in the City of San Rafael,  County of Marin,  State of
California, described as follows:

PARCEL ONE:

Parcel 3B, as shown upon that certain Parcel Map entitled  "Parcel Map, Lot 3 of
Map of Smith  Ranch,  Northerly  Portion 17 R.M. 39, San Rafael,  Marin  County,
California", filed for record August 13, 1991 in Book 25 of Parcel Maps, at Page
18, Marin County Records.

Reserving  thereform  an  easement  for  access,  parking,  drainage  and public
utilities  over that portion of the herein  described  property lying within the
boundaries of that certain, "Mutual Access and Parking Easement, D.E. & P.U.E.",
as shown upon the filed map referred to above.

Said  easement to be  appurtenant  to and for the benefit of Parcel 3A, as shown
upon the filed map referred to above.

PARCEL TWO:

An easement for access, parking,  drainage and public utility purposes over that
portion of Parcel 3A,  lying  within the  boundaries  of that  certain,  "Mutual
Access and Parking  Easement,  D.E. & P.U.E.",  as said parcel and  easement are
shown upon that certain Parcel Map entitled,  "Parcel Map, Lot 3 of Map of Smith
Ranch,  Northerly  Portion 17 R.M. 39, San Rafael,  Marin  County,  California",
filed for record  August 13, 1991 in Book 25 of Parcel  Maps,  at Page 18, Marin
County Records.

PARCEL THREE:

An easement for storm drainage purposes more particularly described as follows:

Beginning  at the  Easterly  terminus of the course  "South  81(0) 38' 00" East,
536.00 feet"; said point being on the Northerly line of Smith Ranch Road and the
Southerly  line of Lot 3, as shown and  delineated on that certain map entitled,
"Map of Smith Ranch - Northerly Portion",  filed for record in Book 17 of Record
Maps at Page 39, Marin County  Records;  thence  leaving said  Northerly line of
said Smith  Ranch Road (17 RM 39) along the  Easterly  line of said Lot 3 (17 RM
39)the  following  courses and distances;  Easterly along a tangent curve to the
left whose center bears North 8(0) 22' 00" East,  having a radius of 20.00 feet,
through a central angle of 90(0) 00' 00", an arc length of 31.42 feet and thence
North 8(0) 22' 00' East,  23.00 feet;  thence leaving said Easterly line of said
Lot 3 (17 RM 39) South 13(0) 12' 17" East 46.24 feet to said  Northerly  line of
said Smith Ranch Road (17 RM 39); thence along said Northerly line of said Smith
Ranch  Road (17 RM 39)  North  81(0) 38' 00'  West,  37.00  feet to the point of
beginning.

17

<PAGE>


PARCEL FOUR:

An easement for storm drainage over a strip of land 10 feet in width and being 5
feet on each side of the following described line:

Beginning  at the  Easterly  terminus of the course  "South  81(0) 38' 00" East,
536.00 feet"; said point being on the Northerly line of Smith Ranch Road and the
Southerly  line of Lot 3, as shown and  delineated on that certain Map entitled,
"Map of Smith Ranch  Northerly  Portion",  filed for record in Book 17 of Record
Maps at Page 39, Marin County  Records;  thence  leaving said  Northerly line of
said Smith  Ranch Road (17 RM 39) along the  Easterly  line of said Lot 3 (17 RM
39) the following  courses and distances;  Easterly along a tangent curve to the
left whose center bears North 8(0) 22' 00" East,  having a radius of 20.00 feet,
through  a central  angle of 90(0) 00' 00",  an arc  length of 31.42  feet,  and
thence North 8(0) 22' 00" East, 128 feet to the true point of beginning;  thence
leaving  said  Easterly  line of said Lot 3 (17 RM 39) South  81(0) 38' 00' East
60.00  feet to the  Westerly  line of  Parcel  D, as shown on said "Map of Smith
Ranch - Northerly Portion" (17 RM 39), being the terminus of this easement.

PARCEL FIVE:

An easement for access and public utility purposes more  particularly  described
as follows:

Beginning  at the  Easterly  terminus of the course  "South  81(0) 38' 00' East,
536.00 feet"; said point being on the Northerly line of Smith Ranch Road and the
Southerly  line of Lot 3, as shown and  delineated on that certain Map entitled,
"Map of Smith Ranch - Northerly Portion",  filed for record in Book 17 of Record
Maps at Page 39, Marin County  Records;  thence  leaving said  Northerly line of
said Smith  Ranch Road (17 RM 39) along the  Easterly  line of said Lot 3 (17 RM
39) the following  courses and distances;  Easterly along a tangent curve to the
left whose center bears North 8(0) 22' 00" East,  having a radius of 20.00 feet,
through a central  angle of 90(0) 00' 00", an arc length of 31.42  feet;  thence
North 8(0) 22' 00" East,  271.13 feet and thence  Northeasterly  along a tangent
curve to the left whose center  bears North 81(0) 38' 00" West,  having a radius
of 670 feet,  through a central  angle of 2(0) 00' 00",  an arc  length of 23.39
feet; thence leaving said Easterly line of said Lot 3 (17 RM 39) South 81(0) 38'
00" East,  27.41  feet;  thence  South 8(0) 22' 00' West,  141.15  feet;  thence
Southerly  along a tangent  curve to the left whose center bears South 81(0) 38'
00' East, having a radius of 292 feet, through a central angle of 10(0) 59' 17",
an arc length of 56.00 feet; thence Southerly along a reverse curve to the right
whose center  bears,  South 87(0) 22' 43" West,  having a radius of 308.00 feet,
through a central  angle of 10(0) 59' 17", an arc length of 59.07  feet;  thence
South 8(0) 22' 00" West,  59.00 feet to said  Northerly line of said Smith Ranch
Road; thence along said Northerly line of said Smith Ranch Road (17 RM 39) North
81(0) 38' 00" West, 58.00 feet to the point of beginning.

18

<PAGE>


EXHIBIT B

CONSTRUCTION LOAN AGREEMENT

(Description of Improvements and
Plans and Specifications)

1. Description of Improvements.  The Improvements  consist of a general
purpose two-story office building,  fully air conditioned and sprinklered,  with
one  elevator,  of steel  and wood  frame  construction,  tar and  gravel  roof,
containing approximately 24,944 square feet of usable area (approximately 26,362
square feet of gross building  area),  with on-site  parking for 89 vehicles and
fully landscaped grounds, together with all appurtenances,  fixtures,  equipment
and interior tenant improvements.

2.   Description   of  Plans   and   Specifications.   The   Plans  and
Specifications  described below were prepared for use by Borrower and Contractor
in constructing the Improvements, and Borrower hereby represents and warrants to
Lender that the description of the Plans and  Specifications  set forth below is
accurate and complete.

Latest
Revision
Description                                                    Date
(Sheet(s) or Page(s))       Prepared By         Date                if any




19

<PAGE>


EXHIBIT C

CONSTRUCTION LOAN AGREEMENT

(Loan Documents)

The  loan  documents  numbered  1  through  8,  inclusive,  below,  and
amendments,  modifications and supplements thereto which have received the prior
written  consent of Lender,  and any  documents  executed in the future that are
approved by Lender and that recite that they are "Loan  Documents"  for purposes
of this Agreement, are collectively referred to as the "Loan Documents":

1. This Agreement;

2.  Promissory  Note of even date herewith,  in the original  principal
amount  of the  Loan,  made by  Borrower  and  payable  to the  order of  Lender
("Note");

3.  Construction  Deed of  Trust,  Assignment  of  Rents  and  Security
Agreement of even date herewith executed by Borrower,  as trustor, to California
Land Title  Company of Marin,  a  California  corporation,  as trustee,  for the
benefit of Lender, as beneficiary ("Deed of Trust");

4.  Assignment  of Lessor's  Interest  in Leases of even date  herewith
executed by Borrower in favor of Lender;

5.  Environmental  Indemnity of even date herewith executed by Borrower
in favor of Lender;

6. State of California Uniform Commercial Code - Financing  Statement -
Form UCC-1  executed  by  Borrower,  as debtor,  in favor of Lender,  as secured
party; and

7.  Assignment  of  Architect's/Engineer's  Agreements  and  Plans  and
Specifications and Architect's/Engineer's Consent of even date herewith executed
by Borrower and Architect in favor of Lender.

20

<PAGE>


EXHIBIT D

CONSTRUCTION LOAN AGREEMENT

(Financial Requirement Analysis)

The financial  analysis set forth herein  represents an analysis of the
total  costs  necessary,   in  Borrower's  estimation,   to  perform  Borrower's
obligations   under  the  Loan  Documents   through  final   completion  of  the
Improvements.  Column A, "Total Costs," sets forth Borrower's  representation of
the maximum costs for each Item  specified in Column A. Column B, "Costs Paid By
Borrower," sets forth Borrower's  representation of costs that Borrower has paid
or has caused to be paid from other sources of funds for each Item  specified in
Column  B.  Column C,  "Costs To Be Paid By  Borrower,"  sets  forth  Borrower's
representation  of costs  that  Borrower  will pay or will cause to be paid from
other  sources  of funds  for  each  Item  specified  in  Column  C.  Column  D,
"Disbursement  Budget," sets forth the portion of the Loan and Borrower's  Funds
which  has  been  allocated  for each  Item  specified  in  Column D and will be
disbursed pursuant to the terms, covenants, conditions and provisions of Exhibit
E and the Loan Documents.  Unless specified otherwise, all references to Columns
or Items in this Agreement refer to Columns or Items in this Exhibit D.

21




<PAGE>


<TABLE>
FINANCIAL REQUIREMENT ANALYSIS

<CAPTION>
(A) TOTAL COSTS      (B) COSTS PAID       (C) COSTS TO BE         (D) DISBURSEMENT
BY BORROWER       PAID BY BORROWER           BUDGET (a) (b)
<S>                                          <C>                  <C>                  <C>                     <C>
1. LAND COST
*2. Construction Costs of
Improvements
($____ sq. ft)
*3. Tenant Improvement Costs
($____ sq. ft)
*4. Site Work Costs
($____ sq. ft)
*5. Offsite Costs
($____ sq. ft)
6. Architect and Engineering Fees
7. Government Fees (permits,
bonds, etc.)
8. Operating Costs during
construction (job supervision,
utilities, etc.)
*9. Contingency Reserve
(____% of #'s 2-5)
10. Other Hard Costs
a. _____________
b. _____________
c. _____________

11. TOTAL HARD COSTS
(Lines 2-10)                             $                    $                    $                       $
12. Interest  Reserve
13. Taxes during construction
14. Insurance during construction
15. Lender Loan Fee
16. Permanent Loan Fee
17. Title, Recording and
Escrow expenses
18. Legal Fees
19. Promotion and Advertising
20. Commission Expense
21. Organization Expenses
(developer overhead)
22. Soft Costs Contingency
23. Other Soft Costs:
a.  _____________
b.  _____________
c.  _____________

24 TOTAL SOFT COSTS
(Lines 12-23)                            $                    $                    $                       $
25. CUMULATIVE TOTALS
(Lines 1, 11 & 24)                       $                    $                    $                       $

<FN>
Footnotes:

(a)    Borrower's  Funds in the amount of $__________  are included in the total
shown on line #25 of the Disbursement Budget. Unless specified otherwise,
all such  funds  shall be  disbursed  prior to any  disbursement  of Loan
proceeds.
(b)    These funds will be available on or after the  Effective  Date as defined
in the Construction Loan Agreement.

*   Items requiring retention.
</FN>

</TABLE>

22


<PAGE>


EXHIBIT E

CONSTRUCTION LOAN AGREEMENT

(Disbursement Plan)

A. Timing of Disbursements.  On or about the ____( ) day of each month,
or at such other times as Lender may deem appropriate,  Borrower shall submit to
Lender a written  itemized  statement  ("Application  for  Payment"),  signed by
Borrower, setting forth:

1. A description of the work  performed,  materials  supplied and costs
incurred or due for which  disbursement  is  requested  with respect to any line
item  ("Item")  shown  in  Column D  ("Disbursement  Budget")  of the  Financial
Requirement Analysis attached as Exhibit D to this Agreement; and

2. The total amount  incurred,  expended or due for each requested Item
less prior disbursements.

Each   Application   for  Payment  by  Borrower   shall   constitute  a
representation  and warranty by Borrower that Borrower is in compliance with all
the conditions precedent specified in section 2.1 of this Agreement.

B.  Lender's  Right to Condition  Disbursements.  Lender shall have the
right to condition any  disbursement  upon Lender's  receipt and approval of the
following:

1. The Application for Payment and an itemized  requisition for payment
of Items 2 through 10 as shown in the Disbursement Budget ("Hard Costs");

2. Bills, invoices, documents of title, vouchers,  statements,  payroll
records,  receipts and any other documents evidencing the total amount expended,
incurred or due for any requested Items;

3.  Evidence  of  Borrower's  use of a lien  release,  joint  check and
voucher  system  acceptable  to Lender  for  payments  or  disbursements  to any
contractor, subcontractor, materialman, supplier or lien claimant;

4. Architect's,  inspector's or engineer's  periodic  certifications of
the  percentage  or  stage of  construction  that  has  been  completed  and its
conformance to the Plans and  Specifications and the Requirements based upon any
such architect's,  inspector's or engineer's  periodic,  physical inspections of
the Property and the Improvements;

5.  Waivers  and  releases of  mechanics'  liens,  stop notice  claims,
equitable lien claims or other lien claim rights;

6. Evidence of Borrower's  compliance  with the  provisions of sections
3.2 and 5.1 of this Agreement;

23

<PAGE>


7. Valid,  recorded Notice(s) of Completion for the Improvements or any
portions of the  Improvements  for which Notice(s) of Completion may be recorded
under applicable law;

8. The Architect's and Engineer's,  if any,  Certificate of Substantial
Completion prior to the final retention disbursement of Hard Costs

9. Any other document, requirement, evidence or information that Lender
may request under any provision of the Loan Documents; and

10. In the event that any Application for Payment  includes the cost of
materials  stored on the Property  ("Onsite  Materials"),  such  Application for
Payment  shall  include  each of the  following:  (a)  evidence  that the Onsite
Materials  have been paid for in full by Borrower;  (b) evidence that the Onsite
Materials  are insured as required  hereunder;  and (c) evidence that the Onsite
Materials are stored in an area on the Property for which  adequate  security is
provided against theft and vandalism.  Borrower  acknowledges that this approval
process  may result in  disbursement  delays and  Borrower  consents to all such
delays.

C. Periodic Disbursements.  The Disbursement Budget (Column D) shall be
disbursed  by Lender  into the  Account  or to or for the  benefit or account of
Borrower, as determined by Lender, periodically as follows:

1. Land Cost. The portion  allocated to Land Cost, Column D, Item ____,
initially  totaling  ____dollars   ($____),   shall  be  disbursed  as  follows:
____________________________.

2.  Construction  Costs, Site Work Costs and Offsite Costs. The portion
allocated to Construction  Costs,  Site Work Costs and Offsite Costs,  Column D,
Items ____,  initially  totaling  ____  dollars  ($____),  shall be disbursed as
construction  progresses for the payment of Construction  Costs, Site Work Costs
and Offsite Costs Items up to ninety  percent (90%) of the amount  allocated for
any requested Item less prior disbursements.  The remaining ten percent (10%) of
the amounts  allocated to Construction  Costs, Site Work Costs and Offsite Costs
Items  shall  be  disbursed  after  the  Improvements  are  fully  completed  in
accordance with the Plans and Specifications and the Requirements, the statutory
lien period has expired,  and Lender has received a  lien-freeLP-10  re-write of
the  Title  Policy  and  evidence  satisfactory  to Lender  of  lien-free  final
completion.

3.  Tenant   Improvement   Costs.  The  portion   allocated  to  Tenant
Improvement Costs, Column D, Item ____,initially  totaling  ____dollars ($____),
shall  be  disbursed  as  construction  progresses  for the  payment  of  Tenant
Improvement  Costs up to the  maximum of the lower of ____  dollars  ($____) per
square foot or the actual cost per square foot of completed Tenant  Improvements
less  prior  disbursements.  The  remaining  ____dollars  ($____)  of the amount
allocated  to Tenant  Improvement  Costs  shall be  disbursed  after the  Tenant
Improvements are fully completed in accordance with tenant improvement plans and
specifications (that have previously been approved in writing by Lender) and the
Requirements,  the statutory lien period has expired,  and Lender has received a
lien-free LP-10 re-write of the Title Policy and evidence satisfactory to Lender
of lien-free final completion.

24

<PAGE>


4. Architect and Engineering  Fees. The portion  allocated to Architect
and  Engineering  Fees,  Column D, Item ____,  initially  totaling  ____ dollars
($____ ), shall be disbursed for the payment of Architect and Engineering Fees.

5. Government Fees. The portion allocated to Government Fees, Column D,
Item ____ , initially totaling ____ dollars ($____),  shall be disbursed for the
payment of Government Fees.

6. Operating Costs. The portion allocated to Operating Costs, Column D,
Item ____,  initially totaling ____ dollars ($____),  shall be disbursed for the
payment of Operating  Costs  incurred  during  construction  as Operating  Costs
become due and payable.

7. Contingency  Reserve.  The portion allocated to Contingency Reserve,
Column D, Item ____,  initially totaling ____ dollars ($____), and any increases
in the Contingency Reserve pursuant hereto, shall be reallocated periodically to
such other Items as Borrower  shall,  from time to time,  request in writing and
Lender shall approve in writing. After any such reallocation, the portion of the
Contingency  Reserve that has been  reallocated  will be disbursed in accordance
with the  provisions  governing  the  disbursement  of the Item(s) to which such
portion of the Contingency  Reserve has been allocated.  If the actual cost or a
revised  guaranteed  cost of an Item is less  than  the  maximum  amount  of the
Disbursement Budget allocated to any such Item, then any such excess amounts may
be  reallocated  to the  Contingency  Reserve from time to time upon  Borrower's
written request and Lender's written approval.  Any amounts  reallocated to this
Item  will be  disbursed  in  accordance  with  this  paragraph.  The  increase,
reallocation  or  depletion,  or refusal of Lender to  increase,  reallocate  or
deplete,  the  Contingency  Reserve  shall  not  release  Borrower  from  any of
Borrower's obligations under the Loan Documents.

8. Other Hard Costs. The portion allocated to Other Hard Costs,  Column
D, Item ____,  initially  totaling  ___ dollars  ($____),  shall be disbursed as
construction progresses for the payment of Other Hard Costs.

9. Interest Reserve. The portion allocated to Interest Reserve,  Column
D, Item ____,  initially  totaling  ____  dollars  ($____),  shall be  disbursed
directly  to Lender for the payment of  interest  which  accrues and becomes due
under the Note during  construction.  Lender is hereby  authorized to charge the
Loan  directly  for such  interest  payments as they become  due.  Lender  shall
provide  Borrower with a monthly interest  statement.  Depletion of the Interest
Reserve shall not release Borrower from any of Borrower's  obligations under the
Loan Documents,  including,  without limitation,  paying interest accruing under
the Note and depositing  Borrower's Funds with Lender pursuant to section 2.1(b)
of this Agreement.

10.  Taxes.  The  portion  allocated  to Taxes,  Column  D, Item  ____,
initially  totaling ____ dollars ($____),  shall be disbursed for the payment of
Taxes incurred during  construction as Taxes become due and payable.  Funds with
Lender pursuant to section 2.1(b) of this Agreement.

11. Insurance. The portion allocated to Insurance, Column D, Item ____,
initially totaling ____ dollars ($____), shall be periodically disbursed for the
payment of Insurance  premiums during  construction as Insurance premiums become
due and payable.

25

<PAGE>


12. Lender Loan Fee. The portion  allocated to Lender Loan Fee,  Column
D,  Item____,  initially  totaling  ____  dollars  ($____),  shall be  disbursed
directly to Lender for  Borrower's  credit on the Effective Date for the payment
of Lender's Loan Fee.

13.  Permanent  Loan Fee. The portion  allocated to Permanent Loan Fee,
Column D, Item ____, initially totaling ____ dollars ($____), shall be disbursed
for the payment of a Permanent Loan Fee for permanent financing.

14. Title,  Recording  and Escrow  Expenses.  The portion  allocated to
Title,  Recording and Escrow Expenses,  Column D, Item ____,  initially totaling
____ dollars ($____), shall be disbursed for the payment of Title, Recording and
Escrow Expenses.

15. Legal Fees.  The portion  allocated  to Legal Fees,  Column D, Item
____,  initially  totaling  ____ dollars  ($____),  shall be  disbursed  for the
payment of Legal Fees.

16. Promotion and Advertising.  The portion  allocated to Promotion and
Advertising, Column D, Item ____, initially totaling ____ dollars ($____), shall
be disbursed for the payment of Promotion and Advertising expenses.

17. Commission  Expense.  The portion allocated to Commission  Expense,
Column D, Item ____, initially totaling ____ dollars ($____), shall be disbursed
for the payment of Commission Expense.

18.  Organization   Expense.  The  portion  allocated  to  Organization
Expense,  Column D, Item ____, initially totaling ____ dollars ($____), shall be
disbursed for the payment of Organization  Expense incurred during  construction
as Organization Expense becomes due and payable.

19.  Soft  Costs  Contingency.  The  portion  allocated  to  Soft  Cost
Contingency, Column D, Item ____, initially totaling ____ dollars ($____), shall
be  periodically  reallocated,  at the written  request of Borrower and with the
written approval of Lender, within the Disbursement Budget, Column D, Items , or
disbursed  for cost  overruns  that have been  approved  by Lender for Column D,
Items , in accordance with paragraphs hereof, depending upon the intended use of
any such funds.

20. Other Soft Costs. The portion allocated to Other Soft Costs, Column
D, Item ___, initially totaling ____ dollars ($____), shall be disbursed for the
payment of Other Soft Costs.

26


