









CONSTRUCTION LOAN AGREEMENT

THIS CONSTRUCTION LOAN AGREEMENT, dated October 4, 1994, is made by and
between Bennett Funding  International,  Ltd.  ("Lender"),  whose address is Two
Clinton  Square,  Syracuse,  New York,  13202,  and VCA South Bend  Incorporated
("Borrower"),  whose address is 2777 E. Camelback Road, Phoenix,  Arizona 85016,
in  respect  of  a  loan  in  the   principal   sum  of  Five  Million   Dollars
($5,000,000.00)  ("Loan  Agreement"),  for the project  known as Varsity  Clubs:
Notre Dame ("Project").

ARTICLE I - DEFINITIONS

For purposes of this Loan Agreement, the following terms shall have the
respective meanings assigned to them.

1.1 Advance.  The term "Advance" shall mean a disbursement by Lender of
any of the proceeds of the Loan and/or the Borrower's Deposit.

1.2 Affidavit of Borrower.  The term "Affidavit of Borrower" shall mean
a sworn  affidavit of Borrower (and such other parties as Lender may require) to
the effect that all statements,  invoices, bills, and other expenses incident to
the  acquisition  of the  Property  and  the  construction  of the  Improvements
incurred to a specified date,  whether or not specified in the Approved  Budget,
have  been  paid in  full,  except  for (a)  amounts  retained  pursuant  to the
Construction  Contract, and (b) items to be paid from the proceeds of an Advance
then being requested or in another manner satisfactory to Lender.

1.3 Application for Advance.  The term  "Application for Advance" shall
mean a written  application  on an AIA and other  forms as set forth in Schedule
1.3,  by  Borrower  (and such other  parties as Lender  may  require)  to Lender
specifying by name, current address,  and amount all parties to whom Borrower is
obligated for labor, materials, or services supplied for the construction of the
Improvements and all other expenses incident to the Loan, the Property,  and the
construction  of the  Improvements,  whether or not  specified  in the  Approved
Budget,  requesting  an Advance for the payment of such  items,  containing,  if
requested by Lender,  an Affidavit of Borrower,  accompanied by such  schedules,
affidavits,  releases, waivers, statements, invoices, bills, and other documents
as Lender and Title Company may reasonably request.

1.4 Approved Budget. The Approved Budget is attached hereto as Schedule
1.4 and incorporated herein by reference.

1.5 Architect.  The term "Architect"  shall mean the Architect named on
Schedule 1.5 attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

1.6 Architectural  Contract.  The term  "Architectural  Contract" shall
mean all written  agreements  between  Borrower and Architect for  architectural
services pertaining to construction of the Improvements.

1.7 Borrower. The term "Borrower" shall mean all parties named Borrower
in the first paragraph of this Loan Agreement.

1.8 Borrower's Deposit.  The term "Borrower's  Deposit" shall mean such
cash sums as Lender may deem necessary, from time to time until the Loan is paid
in full,  in  addition  to the  Loan,  for the  payment  of the  costs of labor,
materials, and services required for the construction of the Improvements, other
costs and  expenses  specified  in the  Approved  Budget,  and  other  costs and
expenses  required  to be  paid  in  connection  with  the  construction  of the
Improvements in accordance with the Plans,  any Governmental  Requirements,  and
the requirements of any lessee, if applicable.

1.9 Code. The term "Code" shall mean the Uniform  Commercial Code as in
force in the state in which the Property is located.

1.10 Completion  Date. The term  "Completion  Date" shall mean the date
set forth on Schedule 1.5 attached hereto.

1.11 Construction Contract. The term "Construction Contract" shall mean
all  construction  contracts  executed by Borrower for the  construction  of the
Improvements,  including,  without  limitation,  contracts  between Borrower and
Contractor.

1.12  Contractor.  The term  "Contractor"  shall mean the  contractors,
whether one or more, named in Schedule 1.5 attached hereto.

1.13 Cure of Default.  If  Borrower  shall fail (i) for a period of ten
(10) days after  written  notice to  Borrower  to observe or perform  any of the
covenants or conditions to be performed  under the terms of this Loan  Agreement
concerning the payment of indebtedness; or (ii) for a period of thirty (30) days
after written notice to Borrower to observe or perform any non-monetary covenant
or  condition,  (provided,  however,  that  if any  such  failure  concerning  a
non-monetary  covenant or condition is  reasonably  susceptible  of cure but not
within said thirty (30) day period,  then no Event of Default shall be deemed to
exist hereunder so long as Borrower  commences such cure within said thirty (30)
day period and  diligently  and in good faith  pursues  such cure to  completion
within one  hundred  eighty  (180) days of said  written  notice  from Lender to
Borrower) then Lender shall have the right without  further notice to pursue its
remedies hereunder.

1.14 Debtor Relief Laws.  The term "Debtor  Relief Laws" shall mean any
applicable liquidation, conservatorship,  bankruptcy, moratorium, rearrangement,
insolvency,  reorganization, or similar laws affecting the rights or remedies of
creditors generally, as in effect from time to time.

1.15  Event of  Default.  The term  "Event of  Default"  shall mean the
occurrence of any one of the following:

(a)      Any indebtedness evidenced,  governed or secured by any of the
Loan Instruments is not paid when due, whether by acceleration
or otherwise.

(b)      Any  covenant  in  this  Agreement  or any of the  other  Loan
Instruments  is  not  fully  and  timely  performed,   or  the
occurrence of any default or event of default thereunder.

(c)      Any  statement,   representation   or  warranty  in  the  Loan
Instruments,  any  Financial  Statements  or any other writing
delivered  to  Lender  in  connection  with the Loan is false,
misleading or erroneous in any material respect.

(d)      Once  construction  has  begun,  ie: the  foundation  has been
poured,  the cessation of the construction of the Improvements
for more than thirty (30) days without the written  consent of
Lender.

(e)      Failure of the  construction  of the  Improvements  for or any
materials  for which an Advance has been  requested  to comply
with  the  Plans,  any  Governmental   Requirements,   or  the
requirements of any lessee, if applicable.

(f)      Failure of Borrower to satisfy any condition  specified herein
as  precedent to the  obligation  of Lender to make an Advance
after  an  Application  for  Advance  has  been  submitted  by
Borrower to Lender.

(g)      Construction  of  the  Improvements  is not  completed  on the
Completion Date, or within a reasonable time thereafter.

(h)      The Borrower or owner of the Property:

(1)      does not pay its debts as they  become  due or admits
in writing its  inability to pay its debts or makes a
general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or

(2)      commences  any  case,   proceeding  or  other  action
seeking  reorganization,   arrangement,   adjustment,
liquidation,  dissolution or composition of it or its
debts under any Debtor Relief Laws; or

(3)      in any involuntary  case,  proceeding or other action
commenced against it which seeks to have an order for
relief  entered  against  it,  as  debtor,  or  seeks
reorganization, arrangement, liquidation, dissolution
or  composition  of it or its  debts  under  any  law
relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or
relief of debtors, (i) fails to obtain a dismissal of
such case,  proceeding  or other action  within sixty
(60) days of its  commencement,  or (ii) converts the
case from one chapter of the Federal  Bankruptcy Code
to  another  chapter,  or (iii) is the  subject of an
order for relief; or

(4)      conceals,  removes,  or  permits to be  concealed  or
removed,  any part of its  property,  with  intent to
hinder, delay or defraud any or all of its creditors,
or makes or suffers a transfer of any of its property
which  may  be  fraudulent   under  any   bankruptcy,
fraudulent  conveyance  or similar  law; or makes any
transfer  of its  property to or for the benefit of a
creditor  at a time when  other  creditors  similarly
situated  have not been paid;  or suffers or permits,
while  insolvent,  any creditor to obtain a lien upon
any of its property through legal  proceedings  which
is not vacated  within  sixty (60) days from the date
thereof; or

(5)      has a trustee,  receiver,  custodian or other similar
official  appointed for or take  possession of all or
any part of the Property or any other of its property
or has any court  take  jurisdiction  of any other of
its property  which  continues  for a period of sixty
(60) days except where a shorter  period is specified
in the immediately following subparagraph (6); or

(6)      fails to have  discharged  within a period  of thirty
(30) days any attachment,  sequestration,  or similar
writ levied upon any property of such owner; or

(7)      fails to pay  immediately  any final money  judgment,
after appeal, in the amount of $10,000.00 or greater.

(i)      Title to all or any part of the Property  (other than obsolete
or worn personal property replaced by adequate  substitutes of
equal or greater value than the replaced items when new) shall
become vested in any party other than the granting party named
in the  Mortgage,  whether by operation  of law or  otherwise,
with the  following  three  exceptions;  1) any  property  VCA
leases at the Project,  eg: T.V.'s and personal Computers;  2)
to the extent  releases have been recorded for those  Interval
Units sold,  and; 3) the interest to be held by VCA South Bend
Chapter, a Arizona non-profit corporation.

1.16  Guaranty.  The  term  "Guaranty"  shall  mean  the  Guaranty  and
Subordination Agreement executed by Guarantor of the Borrower to the Lender.

1.17 Guarantor.  The term  "Guarantor"  shall mean such individuals who
Guaranty  the  payment and  performance  of Borrower to Lender and who have also
executed a Guaranty and Subordination Agreement.

1.18 Improvements.  The term "Improvements" shall mean the Improvements
identified on Schedule 1.5 attached hereto.

1.19   Inspecting    Architects/Engineers.    The   term    "Inspecting
Architects/Engineers"  shall mean such employees,  representatives and agents of
Lender or third parties,  who may, from time to time, conduct inspections of the
Property or offer other services related thereto.

1.20     Insurance Policies.  The term "Insurance Policies" shall mean:

(a)      All-risk  builder's risk insurance  during the construction of
the   Improvements,   in  an  amount  equal  to  100%  of  the
replacement  cost  of  the  Improvements,  providing  all-risk
coverage  on the  Improvements  and  materials  stored  on the
Property and elsewhere,  and including the perils of collapse,
water  damage and, if  requested  by Lender,  flood,  business
interruption and other risks;

(b)      All-risk  insurance on the Property  until the Loan is paid in
full, as determined by Lender,  in the amount of at least 100%
of the  replacement  cost  of  such  Improvements  or in  such
additional  amounts as Lender may require,  providing all-risk
coverage on the Improvements,  and, if requested by Lender, to
include the perils of flood,  business  interruption and other
risks;

(c)      Comprehensive  General  Liability  Insurance  for  owners  and
contractors, including blanket contractual liability, products
and   completed   operations,   personal   injury   (including
employees),  independent contractors,  explosion, collapse and
underground  hazards for not less than $2,000,000  arising out
of any one occurrence or in any increased  amount  required by
Lender;

(d)      Comprehensive  Automobile  Liability Insurance for contractors
for not less than  $500,000 for bodily injury and $100,000 for
property  damage  arising out of any one  occurrence or in any
increased amount required by Lender;

(e)      Workers' Compensation  Insurance for contractors for statutory
limits; and

(f)      Such other  insurance as Lender may  reasonably  require.

All  Insurance  Policies  shall be  issued  on forms  and by  companies
satisfactory  to Lender and shall be  delivered  to Lender.  All-risk  Insurance
Policies  shall have loss made payable to Lender as mortgagee  together with the
standard  mortgagee  clause if such is required in Indiana in the form set forth
on Schedule 1.5 attached hereto. Comprehensive General Liability,  Comprehensive
Automobile Liability and Workers' Compensation  coverages shall have a provision
giving Lender thirty (30) days' prior notice of  cancellation or material change
of the coverage.

1.21 Interval  Release Fee. The term "Interval  Release Fee" shall mean
mandatory  payments from Borrower to Lender through  Borrower's sale of interval
units at the Property such payments to be applied to the Construction Promissory
Note, upon payment of which Lender shall contemporaneously  release the interval
unit from the Mortgage providing Borrower has forwarded the necessary release to
Lender for  execution.  The sale of  interval  units may be by (i)  direct  cash
payment to Borrower,  (ii)  installment  purchase  financed by Lender,  or (iii)
installment purchase financed by Borrower.

1.22 Lender. The term "Lender" shall mean the Lender named in the first
paragraph of this Loan Agreement.

1.23 Loan. The term"Loan" shall mean the Loan by Lender to Borrower, in
an amount set forth in the  introductory  paragraph on page one (1) of this Loan
Agreement,  not to exceed, in the aggregate,  the payment of the costs of labor,
materials,  and services  supplied for the  construction of the Improvements and
all other  expenses  incident to the  acquisition  and the  construction  of the
Property, all as specified in the Approved Budget.

1.24 Loan Instruments. The term "Loan Instruments" shall mean this Loan
Agreement,  the Mortgage, the Note, the Guaranty, the Financing Statements,  and
such other instruments evidencing, securing, or pertaining to the Loan as shall,
from time to time,  be executed and  delivered by  Borrower,  Guarantor,  or any
other  party to Lender  pursuant  to this  Loan  Agreement,  including,  without
limitation,  each Affidavit of Borrower,  each Application for Advance,  and the
Approved Budget.

1.25 Mortgage. The term "Mortgage" shall mean the Mortgage and Security
Agreement  securing the payment of the Note and the payment and  performance  of
all  obligations  specified  in  the  Mortgage  and  this  Loan  Agreement,  and
evidencing  a valid and  enforceable  lien on,  and  direct  assignment  of, the
Property.

1.26 Note. The term "Note" shall mean the Construction  Promissory Note
from  Borrower  to  Lender  dated of even  date  herewith  in the  amount of and
evidencing the Loan.

1.27 Plans.  The term "Plans" shall mean the final working drawings and
specifications  as  amended  from  time to  time  for  the  construction  of the
Improvements.

1.28  Property.  The term  "Property"  shall mean the land described in
Schedule 1.28 attached  hereto and  incorporated  herein by reference,  together
with  the  Improvements  and all  other  property  constituting  the  "Mortgaged
Property," as described in the  Mortgage,  and the  collateral  described in the
Security Agreement.

1.29 Security  Agreement.  The term "Security  Agreement"  shall mean a
Security  Agreement granting to Lender a security interest in collateral for the
Loan and shall be set forth in the Mortgage.

1.30 Survey. The term "Survey" shall mean a current certified survey of
the  Property  and/or a recorded  plat or map of the  Property,  as  required by
Lender,  which  such  plat  or  map  shall  be  approved  and  accepted  by  all
Governmental Authorities having jurisdiction of the Property.

1.31  Title  Company.  The term  "Title  Company"  shall mean the Title
Company named on Schedule 1.5 attached hereto.

1.32 Title  Insurance.  The term "Title  Insurance"  shall mean a title
insurance commitment, binder, or policy, as Lender may require, in the amount of
the Loan, insuring or committing to insure that the Mortgage constitutes a valid
lien  covering the Property  having the priority  required by Lender and subject
only to those  exceptions and encumbrances  which lender may approve,  issued by
the Title Company.

ARTICLE 2 - ADVANCES OF THE LOAN

2.1  Commitment  of  Lender.  Subject  to the  conditions  hereof,  and
provided that an Event of Default has not occurred, Lender will make Advances to
Borrower in accordance with this Loan Agreement.  Lender  represents that it has
or will have at the time of the  Advance  sufficient  funds to provide  Borrower
with each Advance required hereunder.

2.2  Interest on the Loan.  Interest on the Loan,  at the rate or rates
specified in the Note, shall be computed on the unpaid  principal  balance which
exists from time to time and shall be computed with respect to each Advance only
from  the  date  of  such  Advance  (as to  the  portion  of  each  Advance  not
constituting a portion of Borrower's Deposit).

2.3 Advances.  After the initial  Advance,  Advances for the payment of
costs of labor,  materials,  and services  supplied for the  construction of the
Improvements  and the other items shown in the Approved  Budget shall be made by
Lender as specified on Schedule 1.5 attached hereto, upon compliance by Borrower
with this Loan  Agreement,  after actual  commencement  of  construction  of the
Improvements.  From  time to time,  Borrower  shall  submit an  Application  for
Advance  to Lender  requesting  an  Advance  for the  payment of costs of labor,
materials, and services supplied for the construction of the Improvements or for
the payment of other costs and expenses incident to the Loan, the acquisition of
the Property,  or the  construction  of the  Improvements,  and specified in the
Approved  Budget.  Lender may require an inspection of and acceptable  report on
the  Improvements  by the  Inspecting  Architects/Engineers  prior to making any
Advance.  Advances for payment of costs of construction of the  Improvements and
the other items  shown in the  Approved  Budget  shall be limited to the amounts
shown in the  Approved  Budget and not exceed the  aggregate of (a) the costs of
labor,  materials,  and services  incorporated into the Improvements in a manner
acceptable to Lender,  plus (b) if approved by Lender, the purchase price of all
uninstalled  materials to be utilized in the  construction  of the  Improvements
stored on the Property or elsewhere with the written consent of, and in a manner
acceptable to, Lender, less (c) retainage,  if any, as set forth on Schedule 1.5
attached hereto,  and less (d) all prior Advances for payment of costs of labor,
materials,  and  services  for  the  construction  of  the  Improvements.   Each
Application  for Advance  shall be  submitted by Borrower to Lender a reasonable
time (but not less than seven (7)  business  days) prior to the date on which an
Advance is desired by  Borrower.  The final  Advance  will not be made until the
Lender  has  received  the  following  (1) a  completion  certificate  from  the
Inspecting Architects/Engineers, (2) evidence that all Governmental Requirements
have  been  satisfied,  including  but not  limited  to,  delivery  to Lender of
Certificates of Occupancy if issued by municipality, permitting the Improvements
to be legally occupied, (3) evidence that no mechanic's or materialman's lien or
other encumbrance has been filed and remains in effect against the Property, (4)
final lien releases or waivers by Architect, Contractor, and all subcontractors,
materialmen,  and other parties who have supplied labor,  materials, or services
for the construction of the Improvements,  or who otherwise might be entitled to
claim a contractual, statutory, or constitutional lien against the Property, and
(5) if available  under local rules,  the Title  Insurance shall be endorsed and
extended to acknowledge  completion of construction of the Improvements  without
any encroachment and in compliance with all applicable  matters of public record
and Governmental  Requirements,  with no additional  exception  objectionable to
Lender.

2.4  Conditions to the First Advance.  As a condition  precedent to the
initial Advance hereunder, Borrower must execute and deliver to, procure for and
deposit  with,  and pay to Lender  and,  if  appropriate,  record in the  proper
records with all filing and recording fees paid the documents, certificates, and
other items that are noted by (x) described in Schedule 2.4 attached  hereto and
incorporated   herein  by  reference,   together  with  such  other   documents,
instruments, and certificates as Lender or Title Company may reasonably require.

2.5 Conditions to Subsequent Advances. As a condition precedent to each
Advance other than the initial  Advance,  in addition to all other  requirements
herein,  Borrower  must satisfy the following  requirements  and, if required by
Lender, deliver to Lender evidence of such satisfaction:

(a)      All  conditions  precedent to the initial  Advance  shall have
been satisfied;

(b)      There  shall  then  exist no Event of  Default  which  remains
uncured beyond any grace period;

(c)      The representations and warranties made in this Loan Agreement
shall  be  true  and  correct  on and as of the  date  of each
Advance, with the same effect as if made on that date;

(d)      Borrower  will  procure and deliver to Lender,  if required by
Lender,  releases or waivers of mechanics' liens and receipted
bills  showing  payment  of all  parties  who  have  furnished
materials  or  services  or  performed  labor  of any  kind in
connection with the  construction of any of the  Improvements;
and

(e)      The Title Insurance Policy provided for at the closing of this
Contract shall remain in effect and at the written  request of
Lender,  a search  shall be  conducted  to insure no exception
which  might  otherwise  be  objectionable  to Lender has been
recorded.

2.6 Reallocation of Approved Budget.  Borrower may not reallocate items
of cost or change the  Approved  Budget  without  the prior  written  consent of
Lender which consent shall be not unreasonably withheld.

2.7 No Waiver.  No Advance  shall  constitute a waiver of any condition
precedent to the  obligation  of Lender to make any further  Advance or preclude
Lender  from  thereafter  declaring  the  failure of  Borrower  to satisfy  such
condition precedent to be an Event of Default.

2.8  Conditions  Precedent  for the Benefit of Lender.  All  conditions
precedent  to the  obligation  of Lender to make any Advance are imposed  hereby
solely for the benefit of Lender, and no other party may require satisfaction of
any such condition precedent or be entitled to assume that Lender will refuse to
make any  Advance  in the  absence  of strict  compliance  with such  conditions
precedent.  All requirements of this Loan Agreement may be waived by Lender,  in
whole or in part, at any time.

ARTICLE 3 - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
OF BORROWER

Borrower hereby represents and warrants as follows:

3.1 Financial  Statements.  The Financial Statements are true, correct,
and complete as of the dates specified therein and fully and accurately  present
the financial condition of Borrower and, if required,  of Guarantor (who are set
forth on page 30 of this  Loan  Agreement  and  shall  Guaranty  the  Borrower's
payment  and  performance  hereunder)  as of the dates  specified.  No  material
adverse change has occurred in the financial  condition of Borrower or Guarantor
since the dates of the Financial Statements.

3.2 Suits,  Actions,  Etc..  There are no material  actions,  suits, or
proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Borrower,  threatened,  in any court
or  before or by any  Governmental  Authority  against  or  affecting  Borrower,
Guarantor,  or the  Property,  or involving  the  validity,  enforceability,  or
priority of any of the Loan Instruments,  at law or in equity.  The consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the performance of any of the terms
and conditions  hereof and of the other Loan  Instruments,  will not result in a
breach of, or  constitute  a default  in, any  mortgage,  deed of trust,  lease,
promissory note, loan agreement,  credit agreement,  partnership  agreement,  or
other  agreement to which  Borrower or Guarantor is a party or by which Borrower
or Guarantor may be bound or affected.  Neither Borrower nor any Guarantor is in
default  of any  order  of any  court  or any  requirement  of any  Governmental
Authority.

3.3 Valid and Binding Obligation. All of the Loan Instruments,  and all
other  documents  referred to herein to which  Borrower or Guarantor is a party,
upon  execution and delivery will  constitute  valid and binding  obligations of
Borrower and  Guarantor,  enforceable  in accordance  with their terms except as
limited by Debtor Relief Laws.

3.4 Title to the  Property.  Borrower  holds full  legal and  equitable
title to the Property,  subject only to title  exceptions set forth in the Title
Insurance.

3.5 Commencement of  Construction.  Other than as described in Schedule
3.5, and except for the clearing and grading of the property associated with the
Project,  prior  to the  recordation  of  the  Mortgage,  no  work  of any  kind
(including the destruction or removal of any existing  improvements,  site work,
draining,  or fencing of the Property)  shall have  commenced or shall have been
performed on the Property, no equipment or material shall have been delivered to
or upon the Property for any purpose whatsoever,  and no contract (or memorandum
or affidavit thereof) for the supplying of labor, materials, or services for the
construction of the Improvements shall have been recorded in the mechanic's lien
or other appropriate records in the county where the Property is located.

3.6  Disclosure.  There is no fact of  which  Borrower  is  aware  that
Borrower has not disclosed to Lender in writing that could materially  adversely
affect the property,  business or financial condition of Borrower,  Guarantor or
the Property.

3.7 System  Compliance.  The storm and  sanitary  sewer  system,  water
system,  all  mechanical  systems  of  the  Property  and  other  parts  of  the
Improvements  do  (or  when   constructed   will)  comply  with  all  applicable
environmental,  pollution  control and ecological  laws,  ordinances,  rules and
regulations,  and  all  Governmental  Authorities  having  jurisdiction  of  the
Property  have  issued or to the best of  Borrower's  knowledge  will  issue all
necessary permits,  licenses or other authorizations for the construction of the
Improvements (specifically including the named systems).

3.8  Submittals.  The Loan  Instruments  and all Financial  Statements,
Plans, budgets, schedules, opinions, certificates,  confirmations,  Contractor's
statements,  applications,  rent  rolls,  affidavits,  agreements,  Construction
Contract,  Architectural Contract and other materials submitted to the Lender in
connection with or in furtherance of the Loan Instruments by or on behalf of the
Borrower or any  Guarantor  fully and fairly  state the matters  with which they
purport to deal, and neither  misstate any material fact, nor,  separately or in
the aggregate,  fail to state any material fact necessary to make the statements
made not misleading.

3.9 Utility  Availability.  Subject  only to payment of fees to be paid
from the Approved Budget,  all utility and municipal  services  required for the
construction,  occupancy and operation of the Improvements,  including,  but not
limited to,  water  supply,  storm and  sanitary  sewer  systems,  electric  and
telephone facilities,  are available for use and tap-on at the boundaries of the
Property and will be available in sufficient amounts for the normal and intended
use of the  Improvements,  and written  permission  has been or will be obtained
from  the  applicable   utility  companies  or  municipalities  to  connect  the
Improvements into each of said services.

3.10 Inducement to Lender. The representations and warranties contained
in the Loan  Instruments are made by Borrower as an inducement to Lender to make
the Loan and Borrower understands that Lender is relying on such representations
and warranties and that such  representations  and warranties  shall survive any
(a) bankruptcy proceedings involving Borrower, Guarantor or the Property, or (b)
foreclosure  of the Mortgage or (c)  conveyance  of title to the Property to the
Lender  in lieu of  foreclosure  of the  Mortgage.  Acceptance  of each  Advance
constitutes   reaffirmation,   as  of  the  date  of  such  acceptance,  of  the
representations  and  warranties of Borrower in the Loan  Instruments,  on which
Lender shall rely in making such Advance.

ARTICLE 4 - COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS
OF BORROWER

Borrower hereby covenants and agrees as follows:

4.1 Compliance With  Governmental  Requirements.  Borrower shall timely
comply  with all  Governmental  Requirements  and  deliver  to  Lender  evidence
thereof.  Borrower assumes full  responsibility  for the compliance of the Plans
and the Property with all Governmental  Requirements and with sound building and
engineering  practices,  and,  notwithstanding  any approvals by Lender,  Lender
shall have no obligation or responsibility whatsoever for the Plans or any other
matter  incident  to the  Property  or  the  construction  of the  Improvements.
Immediately upon Borrower's receipt of any notice from a Governmental  Authority
of  noncompliance  with any  Governmental  Requirements,  Borrower shall provide
Lender with written notice thereof.

4.2 Construction of the Improvements. Borrower shall commence, with the
pouring  of  the  foundation,   construction  of  the   Improvements   within  a
commercially  reasonable time and the construction of the Improvements  shall be
executed with diligence and continuity, in a good and workmanlike manner, and in
accordance  with  sound  building  and  engineering  practices,  all  applicable
Governmental  Requirements,  the Plans, and the  requirements of any lessee,  if
applicable.  Other than Acts of God, Borrower shall not permit cessation of work
for a period in excess of thirty (30) days without the prior written  consent of
Lender and shall  complete  construction  of the  Improvements  on or before the
Completion  Date, free and clear of all liens (except those as to which Borrower
has  furnished  a bond or other  security  acceptable  to Lender  and  otherwise
complied with the requirements of Section 4.20).

4.3  Correction  of  Defects.  Borrower  shall  correct  or cause to be
corrected  (a)  any  material  defect  in the  Improvements,  (b)  any  material
departure in the construction of the Improvements  from the Plans,  Governmental
Requirements,  or the  requirements  of any lessee,  if  applicable,  or (c) any
encroachment by any part of the  Improvements,  or any structure  located on the
Property,   on  any  easement,   property  line,  or  restricted  area,  or  any
encroachment by any such structure on any building line.

4.4 Storage of Materials.  Borrower shall cause all materials  supplied
for, or intended to be utilized in, the  construction of the  Improvements,  but
not affixed to or  incorporated  into the  Improvements  or the Property,  to be
stored on the Property or at such other location as may be approved by Lender in
writing,  with  adequate  safeguards,  as required by Lender,  to prevent  loss,
theft, damage, or commingling with other materials or projects.

4.5  Inspection  of the Property.  Borrower  shall permit  Lender,  any
Governmental Authority, and their agents and representatives,  to enter upon the
Property  and any  location  where  materials  intended  to be  utilized  in the
construction of the  Improvements  are stored,  for the purpose of inspection of
the Property and such materials at all reasonable times.

4.6 Notices by Governmental Authority, Casualty, Condemnation. Borrower
shall timely comply with and promptly furnish to Lender true and complete copies
of any notice or claim by any Governmental Authority pertaining to the Property.
Borrower  shall  promptly  notify  Lender of any fire or other  casualty  or any
notice of taking or eminent domain action or proceeding  affecting the Property,
or the threat of any such action or proceeding of which Borrower becomes aware.

4.7 Special  Account.  Borrower shall  maintain a special  account into
which all Advances (but no other funds), and excluding direct disbursements made
by Lender pursuant to Section 4.10 hereof,  shall be deposited by Borrower,  and
against  which checks shall be drawn only for the payment of (a) costs of labor,
materials,  and  services  supplied  for the  construction  of the  Improvements
specified in the Approved Budget,  and (b) other costs and expenses  incident to
the Loan, the Property,  and the construction of the  Improvements  specified in
the Approved budget.

4.8  Application of Advances.  Borrower shall disburse all Advances for
payment of costs and expenses specified in the Approved Budget, and for no other
purpose.

4.9 Borrower's  Deposit.  If Lender  reasonably  determines at any time
that the unadvanced portion of the Loan will be insufficient for payment in full
of (a) costs of labor, materials,  and services required for the construction of
the Improvements, (b) other costs and expenses specified in the Approved Budget,
(c)  interest  from time to time owing or to become  owing on the Loan,  and (d)
other costs and expenses required to be paid in connection with the construction
of the Improvements in accordance with the Plans, any Governmental Requirements,
or the  requirements  of any lessee,  if  applicable,  then Borrower  shall,  on
request  of Lender,  make the  Borrower's  Deposit  with  Lender in an  interest
bearing account.  Lender may advance all or a portion of the Borrower's  Deposit
prior to any portion of the Loan proceeds. Borrower shall promptly notify Lender
in writing if and when the cost of the construction of the Improvements exceeds,
or appears likely to exceed,  the amount of the  unadvanced  portion of the Loan
and the unadvanced portion of the Borrower's Deposit.

4.10 Direct  Disbursement  and  Application by Lender.  In the event of
default  hereunder,  Lender  shall have the right,  but not the  obligation,  to
disburse and directly apply the proceeds of any Advance to the  satisfaction  of
any  of  Borrower's  obligations  hereunder  or  under  any of  the  other  Loan
Instruments.  Any Advance by Lender for such purpose, except Borrower's Deposit,
shall be part of the Loan and shall be secured by the Loan Instruments. Borrower
hereby  authorizes  Lender to hold,  use,  disburse,  and apply the Loan and the
Borrower's  Deposit for payment of costs of  construction  of the  Improvements,
expenses  incident to the Loan and the Property,  and the payment or performance
of any  obligation  of  Borrower  hereunder  or  under  any of  the  other  Loan
Instruments.  Borrower  hereby  assigns and pledges the proceeds of the Loan and
the Borrower's Deposit to Lender for such purposes. Lender may advance and incur
such expenses as Lender deems  necessary for the completion of  construction  of
the  Improvements  and to preserve the Property,  and any other security for the
Loan, and such expenses,  even though in excess of the amount of the Loan, shall
be secured by the Loan Instruments and payable to Lender.

4.11  Costs  and  Expenses.  Borrower  shall pay when due all costs and
expenses required by this Loan Agreement, including, without limitation, (a) all
taxes and  assessments  applicable to the  Property,  (b) all fees for filing or
recording the Loan Instruments,  (c) all fees lawfully due by Borrower's actions
in connection with the Loan, or the Property,  (d) all title insurance and title
examination charges,  including premiums for the Title Insurance, (e) all survey
costs and expenses,  including the cost of the Survey,  (f) all premiums for the
Insurance  Policies,  and (g) all other  costs  and  expenses  payable  to third
parties  incurred  by  Borrower  in  connection  with  the  consummation  of the
transactions contemplated by this Loan Agreement.

4.12  Additional  Documents.  Borrower  shall  execute  and  deliver to
Lender,  from time to time as requested by Lender, such other documents as shall
reasonably be necessary to provide the rights and remedies to Lender  granted or
provided for by the Loan Instruments.

4.13  Inspection of Books and Records.  Borrower shall permit Lender at
all  reasonable  times,  to examine  and copy the books and  records of Borrower
pertaining  to the Loan and the Property,  and all sales and marketing  records,
contracts,  statements,  invoices,  bills, and claims for labor, materials,  and
services supplied for the construction of the Improvements.

4.14  No  Liability  of  Lender.   Lender  shall  have  no   liability,
obligation, or responsibility whatsoever with respect to the construction of the
Improvements  except to advance the Loan and the Borrower's  Deposit pursuant to
this Loan  Agreement.  Lender  shall not be obligated to inspect the Property or
the  construction  of the  Improvements,  nor be liable or  responsible  for any
defect in the Property or the  Improvements by reason of inspecting same, nor be
liable for the  performance  or default of Borrower,  Architect,  the Inspecting
Architects/Engineers,  Contractor,  or any other  party,  or for any  failure to
construct,  complete, protect, or insure the Improvements, or for the payment of
costs of labor,  materials,  or services  supplied for the  construction  of the
Improvements,  or for the performance of any obligation of Borrower  whatsoever.
Nothing including  without  limitation any Advance or acceptance of any document
or instrument,  shall be construed as a representation  or warranty,  express or
implied, to any party by Lender.

4.15 No Conditional Sale Contracts,  Etc. No materials,  equipment,  or
fixtures shall be supplied,  purchased, or installed for the construction of the
Improvements pursuant to security agreements,  conditional sale contracts, lease
agreements,  or other arrangements or understandings whereby a security interest
or title is  retained  by any party or the right is  reserved  or accrues to any
party to remove or repossess any materials,  equipment,  or fixtures intended to
be utilized in the  construction  or  operation of the  Improvements  except for
those personal property leases relative to the Project.

4.16  Defense of Actions.  Lender may (but shall not be  obligated  to)
commence, appear in, or defend any action or proceeding purporting to affect the
Loan,  the Property,  or the  respective  rights and  obligations  of Lender and
Borrower pursuant to this Loan Agreement. Lender may (but shall not be obligated
to) pay all necessary expenses,  including attorneys' fees and expenses incurred
in connection with such proceedings or action, which Borrower agrees to repay to
Lender on demand.

4.17 Assignment of Construction  Contract.  As additional  security for
the payment of the Loan,  Borrower hereby transfers and assigns to Lender all of
Borrower's rights and interest,  but not its obligations,  in, under, and to the
Construction Contract, upon the following terms and conditions:

(a)      Borrower   represents  and  warrants  that  the  copy  of  any
Construction Contract it has furnished to Lender is a true and
complete copy thereof and that Borrower's  interest therein is
not subject to any claim, setoff, or encumbrance.

(b)      Neither  this  assignment  nor  any  action  by  Lender  shall
constitute an assumption by Lender of any obligation under the
Construction  Contract,  and  Borrower  shall  continue  to be
liable for all  obligations of Borrower  thereunder,  Borrower
hereby  agreeing to perform all of its  obligations  under the
Construction  Contract.  Borrower indemnifies and holds Lender
harmless  against  and  from any  loss,  cost,  liability,  or
expense  (including,  but not limited to,  attorneys' fees and
expenses)  resulting  from  any  failure  of  Borrower  to  so
perform.

(c)      Lender  shall  have the right at any time (but  shall  have no
obligation)  to take in its  name or in the  name of  Borrower
such  action  as  Lender  may  at  any  time  determine  to be
necessary  or   advisable  to  cure  any  default   under  the
Construction  Contract or to protect the rights of Borrower or
Lender  thereunder.  Lender  shall incur no  liability  if any
action  so  taken  by it or in its  behalf  shall  prove to be
inadequate or invalid, and Borrower agrees to hold Lender free
and  harmless  against and from any loss,  cost,  liability or
expense  (including,  but not limited to,  attorneys' fees and
expenses) incurred in connection with any such action.

(d)      Borrower hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints Lender as
Borrower's attorney-in-fact, in Borrower's name or in Lender's
name, to enforce all rights of Borrower under the Construction
Contract.

(e)      Prior to an Event of Default, Borrower shall have the right to
exercise its rights as Owner under the Construction  Contract,
provided  that   Borrower   shall  not  cancel  or  amend  the
Construction Contract or do or suffer to be done any act which
would  impair  the  security  constituted  by this  assignment
without the prior written consent of Lender.

(f)      This  assignment  shall  inure to the  benefit of Lender,  its
successors   and  assigns,   including  any   purchaser   upon
foreclosure of the Mortgage, any receiver in possession of the
Property, and any corporation formed by or on behalf of Lender
which assumes Lender's rights and obligations  under this Loan
Agreement.

4.18 Assignment of Plans. As additional security for the payment of the
Loan,  Borrower hereby transfers and assigns to lender all of Borrower's  right,
title,  and interest in and to the  Architectural  Contract and Plans and hereby
represents and warrants to and agrees with Lender as follows:

(a)      The  schedule of the Plans  delivered  to Lender is a complete
and accurate description of the Plans.

(b)      The Plans are complete and  adequate for the  construction  of
the Improvements and there have been no modifications  thereof
except as described in such  schedule.  The Plans shall not be
modified in any material way without the prior written consent
of Lender and Permanent Lender, if any.

(c)      Lender  may use the  Plans  for any  purpose  relating  to the
Improvements,  including  but not  limited to  inspections  of
construction and the completion of the Improvements.

(d)      Lender's  acceptance of this  assignment  shall not constitute
approval of the Plans by Lender.  Lender has no  liability  or
obligation  whatsoever  in  connection  with the  Plans and no
responsibility   for   the   adequacy   thereof   or  for  the
construction  of the  Improvements  contemplated by the Plans.
Lender has no duty to inspect the Improvements, and, if Lender
should  inspect  the   Improvements,   Lender  shall  have  no
liability  or  obligation  to  Borrower  arising  out of  such
inspection.  No such  inspection  nor any failure by Lender to
make objections  after any such inspection  shall constitute a
representation   by  Lender  that  the   Improvements  are  in
accordance  with the Plans or  constitute a waiver of Lender's
right   thereafter   to  insist  that  the   Improvements   be
constructed in accordance with the Plans.

(e)      This  assignment  shall  inure to the  benefit of Lender,  its
successors   and  assigns,   including  any   purchaser   upon
foreclosure of the mortgage, any receiver in possession of the
Property, and any corporation formed by or on behalf of Lender
which assumes Lender's rights and obligations  under this Loan
Agreement.

4.19 Prohibition on Assignment of Borrower's  Interest.  Borrower shall
not assign or encumber  any  interest of  Borrower  hereunder  without the prior
written consent of Lender.

4.20 Payment of Claims. Borrower shall promptly pay or cause to be paid
when due all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Property and the
construction of the Improvements,  and Borrower shall keep the Property free and
clear of any lien,  charge, or claim other than the encumbrances of the Mortgage
and other liens approved in writing by Lender.  Notwithstanding  anything to the
contrary contained in this Loan Agreement, Borrower (a) may contest the validity
or amount of any claim of any contractor, consultant, architect, or other person
providing labor,  materials,  or services with respect to the Property,  (b) may
contest any tax or special assessments levied by any Governmental Authority, and
(c)  may  contest  the  enforcement  of  or  compliance  with  any  Governmental
Requirements,  and such  contest on the part of Borrower  shall not be a default
hereunder  and shall not release  Lender from its  obligations  to make Advances
hereunder;  provided,  however,  that during the  pendency  of any such  contest
Borrower  shall  furnish to Lender  and Title  Company  an  indemnity  bond with
corporate  surety  satisfactory  to Lender and Title  Company or other  security
acceptable  to them in an amount  equal to the  amount  being  contested  plus a
reasonable additional sum to cover possible costs, interest, and penalties,  and
provided  further  that  Borrower  shall pay any amount  adjudged  by a court of
competent  jurisdiction  to be due,  with all  costs,  interest,  and  penalties
thereon, before such judgment becomes a lien on the Property.

4.21 Restrictions and Annexation.  Other than amending the,  Membership
Plan Borrower  shall not impose any  restrictive  covenants,  easements or other
encumbrances  upon the Property,  execute or file any subdivision plat affecting
the Property,  or consent to the  annexation of the Property to any city without
the prior written consent of Lender.

4.22  Advertising by Lender.  Borrower agrees that,  during the term of
the Loan,  Lender may erect and maintain on the Property one or more advertising
signs  indicating  that the  construction  financing  for the  Property has been
provided by Lender.

4.23 Current  Financial  Statements.  Borrower shall,  (1) on or before
one-hundred  twenty  (120) days after the end of each fiscal  year of  Borrower,
deliver  to  Lender  then  current  Financial  Statements  of  Borrower  and any
Guarantors,  and (2) if Borrower  routinely  prepares  more  frequent  Financial
Statements for interim periods,  provide copies of such Financial  Statements to
Lender when they are prepared, and (3) from time to time, as Lender may request,
deliver to Lender additional Financial Statements of Borrower and Guarantor.

4.24 Tax Receipts.  Borrower  shall furnish Lender with receipts or tax
statements  marked  "Paid" to evidence  the  payment of all taxes  levied on the
Property prior to the date such taxes become delinquent.

4.25 Loan Participations.  Borrower acknowledges and agrees that Lender
may, from time to time, sell or offer to sell interests in the Loan and the Loan
Instruments  to  one  or  more  participants.   Borrower  authorizes  Lender  to
disseminate  any information it has pertaining to the Loan,  including,  without
limitation,  complete and current  credit  information  on Borrower,  any of its
principals and any Guarantor, to any such participant or prospective participant
in the Loan. In any event, Lender shall not assign its obligations hereunder nor
shall the payment of Advances be subject to Lender obtaining Loan Participants.

4.26 Notice of Litigation, Claims, and Financial Change. Borrower shall
promptly inform Lender of (a) any litigation  against  Borrower or any Guarantor
or affecting the Property, which, if determined adversely, might have a material
adverse effect upon the financial condition of Borrower or any Guarantor or upon
the Property,  or might cause an Event of Default,  (b) any claim or controversy
which might become the subject of such litigation,  and (c) any material adverse
change in the  financial  condition of Borrower or any  Guarantor.  For purposes
hereof,  a material  adverse  change shall be deemed to have occurred when there
has been a decline of fifteen percent (15%) or more in the tangible net worth of
Borrower or and any Guarantor as shown on the Financial  Statements delivered to
Lender in connection with the Loan.

4.27 No Occupancy,  Contrary to Builder's Risk Policy. The Improvements
shall not be occupied  until  Borrower has  obtained  and  furnished to Lender a
"permission to occupy" endorsement to the builder's risk insurance policy, which
endorsement  is  satisfactory  to Lender,  or Borrower has obtained  replacement
coverage  in the  form  of an  all-risk  insurance  policy  upon  the  completed
Improvements,  which  policy  will  not  be  impaired  by the  occupancy  of the
Improvements and is satisfactory to Lender.

4.28 Hold  Harmless.  Except for Lender's acts or  omissions,  Borrower
shall defend,  at its own cost and expense,  and hold Lender  harmless from, any
proceeding or claim in any way relating to the Property or the Loan Instruments.
All costs and expenses incurred by Lender in protecting its interests hereunder,
including all court costs and  attorney's  fees and expenses,  shall be borne by
Borrower.  The  provisions  of this Section shall survive the payment in full of
the Loan and all other  indebtedness  secured by the Mortgage and the release of
the Mortgage as to events  occurring  and causes of action  arising  before such
payment and release.

4.29  Cooperation  with Permanent  Lender.  Borrower hereby  covenants,
promises and agrees to cooperate with the Lender to supply whatever  information
and to execute appropriate  documents and instruments which may be required by a
new Permanent Lender or its indemnitee.

ARTICLE 5 - RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF LENDER

5.1  Rights of  Lender.  Upon the  occurrence  of an Event of  Default,
Lender shall have the right,  in addition to any other right or remedy of Lender
as set forth in the Loan Instruments but not the obligation,  in its own name or
in the name of Borrower,  to enter into  possession of the Property;  to perform
all  work   necessary  to  complete  the   construction   of  the   Improvements
substantially in accordance with the Plans, Governmental  Requirements,  and the
requirements  of any lessee,  if  applicable;  and to employ  watchmen and other
safeguards  to protect the  Property.  Borrower  hereby  appoints  Lender as the
attorney-in-fact of Borrower,  with full power of substitution,  and in the name
of  Borrower,  if Lender  elects to do so,  upon the  occurrence  of an Event of
Default,  to (a) use such sums as are  necessary,  including any proceeds of the
Loan and the Borrower's Deposit,  make such changes or corrections in the Plans,
and employ such  architects,  engineers,  and contractors as may be required for
the purpose of completing the construction of the Improvements  substantially in
accordance  with  the  Plans,   Governmental   Requirements,   (b)  execute  all
applications  and certificates in the name of Borrower which may be required for
completion of construction of the Improvements, (c) endorse the name of Borrower
on any checks or drafts  representing  proceeds of the  Insurance  Policies,  or
other checks or  instruments  payable to Borrower  with respect to the Property,
(d) do every act with  respect to the  construction  of the  Improvements  which
Borrower may do, and (e) prosecute or defend any action or  proceeding  incident
to the Property. The power of attorney granted hereby is a power coupled with an
interest and  irrevocable.  Lender shall have no  obligation to undertake any of
the foregoing  actions,  and, if Lender should do so, it shall have no liability
to Borrower for the sufficiency or adequacy of any such actions taken by Lender.

5.2  Acceleration.  Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default,  Lender
may, at its  option,  declare the Loan  immediately  due and payable  subject to
Borrower's cure provision in 1.13.

5.3 Cessation of Advances.  Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default,
the obligation of Lender to disburse the Loan and the Borrower's Deposit and all
other  obligations of Lender hereunder  shall, at Lender's  option,  immediately
terminate, subject to 1.13.

5.4 Funds of Lender.  Any funds of Lender used for any purpose referred
to in this Article 5 shall  constitute  Advances secured by the Loan Instruments
and shall bear interest at the rate specified in the Note to be applicable after
default hereunder.

5.5 No Waiver or  Exhaustion.  No waiver by Lender of any of its rights
or remedies  hereunder,  in the other Loan Instruments,  or otherwise,  shall be
considered  a waiver of any other or  subsequent  right or remedy of Lender;  no
delay or omission  in the  exercise  or  enforcement  by Lender of any rights or
remedies  shall ever be  construed as a waiver of any right or remedy of Lender;
and no exercise or enforcement of any such rights or remedies shall ever be held
to exhaust any right or remedy of Lender.

5.6 Marshalling  Waiver.  Borrower waives any and all rights to require
the marshalling of assets in connection with the exercise of any of the remedies
hereunder.

ARTICLE 6 - GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

6.1  Notices.  All  notices,  demands,  requests,  approvals  and other
communications  required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to have been given when presented  personally or deposited in a regularly
maintained mail receptacle of the United States Postal Service, postage prepaid,
registered  or certified,  return  receipt  requested,  addressed to Borrower or
Lender,  as the case may be, at the respective  addresses set forth on the first
page of this Loan  Agreement,  or such other  address as  Borrower or Lender may
from time to time designate by written notice to the other as herein required.

6.2 Entire Agreement and Modifications. The Loan Instruments constitute
the entire  understanding  and agreement between the undersigned with respect to
the  transactions  arising in  connection  with the Loan and supersede all prior
written  or oral  understandings  and  agreements  between  the  undersigned  in
connection  therewith.  No  provision  of this Loan  Agreement or the other Loan
Instruments  may be  modified,  waived,  terminated,  supplemented,  changed  or
amended except by a written Instrument executed by both parties hereto.

6.3 Severability.  In case any of the provisions of this Loan Agreement
shall for any reason be held to be  invalid,  illegal,  or  unenforceable,  such
invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision
hereof, and this Loan Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid,  illegal,
or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein.

6.4  Election  of  Remedies.  Lender  shall  have all of the rights and
remedies granted in the Loan Instruments and available at law or in equity,  and
these  same  rights  and  remedies  shall  be  cumulative  and  may  be  pursued
separately,  successively,  or concurrently against Borrower,  Guarantor, or any
property covered under the Loan  Instruments,  at the sole discretion of Lender.
The  exercise  or failure to  exercise  any of the same shall not  constitute  a
waiver or release thereof or of any other right or remedy, and the same shall be
nonexclusive.

6.5  Form  and  Substance.  All  documents,   certificates,   insurance
policies,  evidence,  and other items  required  under this Loan Agreement to be
executed and/or delivered to Lender shall be in form and substance  satisfactory
to Lender.

6.6 Limitation on Interest. All agreements between Borrower and Lender,
whether now  existing or  hereafter  arising  and whether  written or oral,  are
hereby limited so that in no  contingency,  whether by reason of acceleration of
the  maturity  of any  indebtedness  governed  hereby  or  otherwise,  shall the
interest contracted for, charged or received by Lender exceed the maximum amount
permissible under applicable law. If, from any circumstance whatsoever, interest
would otherwise be payable to Lender in excess of the maximum lawful amount, the
interest  payable to Lender  shall be reduced to the  maximum  amount  permitted
under  applicable  law;  and,  if from any  circumstance  the Lender  shall ever
receive  anything of value deemed  interest by  applicable  law in excess of the
maximum  lawful  amount,  an amount  equal to any  excessive  interest  shall be
applied to the  reduction of the principal of the Loan and not to the payment of
interest,  or if such excessive interest exceeds the unpaid balance of principal
of the Loan such excess  shall be refunded to  Borrower.  All  interest  paid or
agreed to be paid to Lender shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be
amortized,  prorated,  allocated,  and spread  throughout  the full period until
payment  in full of the  principal  of the Loan  (including  the  period  of any
renewal or  extension  thereof)  so that  interest  thereon for such full period
shall not exceed the maximum amount  permitted by applicable law. This paragraph
shall control all agreements between the Borrower and Lender.

6.7 No Third Party  Beneficiary.  This Loan  Agreement  is for the sole
benefit of Lender and Borrower and is not for the benefit of any third party.

6.8  Borrower  in  Control.  In no  event  shall  Lender's  rights  and
interests  under the Loan  Instruments be construed to give Lender the right to,
or be deemed to indicate that Lender is in control of the  business,  management
or properties of Borrower or has power over the daily  management  functions and
operating decisions made by Borrower.

6.9 Number and Gender.  Whenever used herein, the singular number shall
include the plural and the plural the singular,  and the use of any gender shall
be applicable to all genders. The duties, covenants, obligations, and warranties
of Borrower in this Loan  Agreement  shall be joint and several  obligations  of
Borrower and of each Borrower if more than one.

6.10 Captions.  The captions,  headings,  and arrangements used in this
Loan  Agreement are for  convenience  only and do not in any way affect,  limit,
amplify, or modify the terms and provisions hereof.

6.11 Applicable Law. This Loan Agreement and the Loan Instruments shall
be governed by and  construed  in  accordance  with the laws of the State of New
York and the laws of the United States  applicable to  transactions  within such
state.

6.12 Jurisdiction.  In any action to enforce Lender's rights hereunder,
Borrower  covenants to personal  jurisdiction  and venue in the Supreme Court of
the State of New York for the County of Onondaga.

6.13 Attorney's  Fees. In any action  hereunder,  the prevailing  party
shall be entitled to reasonable attorney's fees.

6.14 Release  Fees.  Payments  received by Borrower for the purchase of
interval units shall be given to the Lender as set forth in the Note.

6.15 Escrow.  It is  understood  that certain  local  requirements  may
mandate that Borrower escrow all sales proceeds  received from consumers for the
Sale of Interval Units at the Property  during the pendency of  construction  of
the Improvements. In such event, the parties agree that an escrow agent ("Escrow
Agent") shall hold the sales proceeds  during the pendency of  construction  and
release  them as may be  allowed  by  local  law  having  jurisdiction  over the
Property as set forth in provision 1.21 above and as set forth in the Note.

The  parties  further  agree  that the  Escrow  Agent  must be
jointly approved by both Lender and Borrower.

6.16  Receivables  Purchase.  Borrower  and Lender have  entered into a
receivables  purchase  agreement   ("Receivables  Purchase  Agreement")  whereby
Borrower shall offer Lender creditworthy  receivables  representing  installment
purchase  obligations of consumers for interval units at the Property on a first
refusal  and  exclusive  basis.  In the  event  that  the  Construction  Loan is
satisfied,  either  by the  Borrower  or by a new  Permanent  Lender,  then  the
Receivables Purchase Agreement shall survivee the satisfaction.

6.17 Closing Fee. At closing,  the Borrower shall pay Lender the sum of
$50,000.00  representing  a closing  fee which shall be  disbursed  to Lender by
Borrower from the initial advance.

IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  parties set their hands the date above first
written.

VCA SOUTH BEND INCORPORATED                 BENNETT FUNDING
INTERNATIONAL, LTD.

By         Joseph P. Martori                By   /S/

Title          Chairman                     Title       CEO


GUARANTOR APPROVAL

ILX INCORPORATED

By   Joseph P. Martori
Title        Chairman

