








Exhibit 10.8

CONSTRUCTION-TERM LOAN AGREEMENT

by and among

MARSHALL FINANCIAL GROUP, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company

and

WENATCHEE EVENTS CENTER, LLC,
a Washington limited liability company


<PAGE>
TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page


ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS......................................................  1

Section 1.1 Defined Terms.............................................  1

ARTICLE II COMMITMENT TO MAKE ADVANCES, DISBURSEMENT PROCEDURES AND
DEPOSIT OF FUNDS................................................  5

Section 2.1 The Advances..............................................  5

Section 2.2 Advance Requirements......................................  5

Section 2.3 Disbursement Procedures for Advances......................  6

Section 2.4 Deposit of Funds by Borrower..............................  7

Section 2.5 Disbursements Without Receipt of Draw Request.............  7

Section 2.6 Interest Reserve..........................................  8

Section 2.7 Intentionally Omitted.....................................  8

Section 2.8 Project Contingency.......................................  8

ARTICLE III CONDITIONS OF LENDING..........................................  8

Section 3.1 Conditions Precedent to Lending...........................  8

Section 3.2 Further Conditions Precedent to All Advances.............. 11

Section 3.3 Conditions Precedent to the Final Advance................. 12

Section 3.4 Insurance................................................. 13

Section 3.5 Casualty/Destruction...................................... 15

Section 3.6 No Waiver................................................. 15

ARTICLE IV WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS OF BORROWER........... 15

Section 4.1 Representations and Warranties............................ 15

Section 4.2 Covenants................................................. 17

Section 4.3 Negative Covenants........................................ 19

Section 4.4 Environmental Representation, Warranties and Covenants,
and Indemnities........................................... 20

ARTICLE V EVENTS OF DEFAULT; RIGHTS AND REMEDIES........................... 21

Section 5.1 Event of Default Defined.................................. 21

Section 5.2 Rights and Remedies....................................... 24

ARTICLE VI MISCELLANEOUS................................................... 24

Section 6.1 Inspections............................................... 24
<PAGE>
Section 6.2 Indemnification by Borrower............................... 25

Section 6.3 Fees...................................................... 25

Section 6.4 Addresses for Notices..................................... 25

Section 6.5 Amendments, Determinations by Lender, Consents, Etc....... 26

Section 6.6 Time of the Essence....................................... 26

Section 6.7 Waivers................................................... 26

Section 6.8 Remedies Cumulative....................................... 26

Section 6.9 Governing Law and Entire Agreement........................ 26

Section 6.10 Counterparts............................................. 26

Section 6.11 Term..................................................... 26

Section 6.12 Successors and Assigns................................... 26

Section 6.13 Offsets.................................................. 27

Section 6.14 Headings................................................. 27

Section 6.15 Accounting............................................... 27

Section 6.16 Not Joint Venturer....................................... 27

Section 6.17 Adequacy of Loan Proceeds................................ 27

Section 6.18 Participations........................................... 27

Section 6.19 Relationship to Other Documents.......................... 27

Section 6.20 Reappraisals............................................. 27

Section 6.21 Construction Signage..................................... 28
<PAGE>
CONSTRUCTION-TERM LOAN AGREEMENT

THIS  CONSTRUCTION-TERM  LOAN AGREEMENT  ("AGREEMENT")  is made and entered
into this __ day of August 2007, by and among MARSHALL  FINANCIAL GROUP,  LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company ("LENDER"), and WENATCHEE EVENTS CENTER, LLC,
a Washington  limited  liability company  ("BORROWER") and GLOBAL  ENTERTAINMENT
CORPORATION, a Nevada corporation ("GUARANTOR").

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS,   Borrower   has   requested   that   Lender   extend   to   it  a
construction-term  loan as more fully  described in this Agreement (the "LOAN");
and

WHEREAS,  Lender has agreed to extend the Loan to  Borrower  upon the terms
and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth.

NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual
covenants  herein contained and for other good and valuable  consideration,  the
receipt and  sufficiency  of which are hereby  acknowledged,  the parties hereto
agree as follows:

ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 DEFINED TERMS. As used in this Agreement the defined terms in
this ARTICLE I, and any other terms defined in this Agreement, i.e., those terms
beginning with a capital  letter,  will have the meanings  ascribed to each such
term (such  meanings to be equally  applicable  to both the  singular and plural
forms of the terms defined):

(a)  "ADVANCE"  - An  advance  of the  Commitment  by  Lender  to  Borrower
pursuant to ARTICLE II hereof.

(b)  "AFFILIATE" - When used with reference to any Person,  (a) each Person
that, directly or indirectly,  controls,  is controlled by or is under
common  control  with,  the Person  referred  to, (b) each Person that
beneficially owns or holds, directly or indirectly,  5% or more of any
class of voting Equity  Interests of the Person  referred to, (c) each
Person,  5% or  more  of the  voting  Equity  Interests  of  which  is
beneficially  owned or held,  directly  or  indirectly,  by the Person
referred to, and (d) each of such Person's officers,  directors, joint
venturers  and  partners.  For  these  purposes,  the  term  "control"
(including the terms  "controlled by" and "under common control with")
means the possession,  directly or indirectly,  of the power to direct
or cause the direction of the management and policies of the Person in
question,  whether  by  contract,   ownership  of  voting  securities,
membership interests or otherwise.

(c)  "AGREEMENT" - This  Construction-Term  Loan  Agreement,  including any
amendment hereof or supplement hereto.

1
<PAGE>
(d)  "ARCHITECT"  - The project  architect  as may be retained by Borrower:
Sink Combs Dethlefs.

(e)  "ARCHITECT'S  CONTRACT"  - The  agreement  between  Borrower  and  the
Architect as to preparation of the Drawings and Specifications for the
Project and the supervision of the construction of the Project.

(f)  "CERTIFICATE OF COMPLETION" - The certificate from General  Contractor
and/or Architect  certifying those items referred to in Section 3.3(a)
hereof.

(g)  "CITY" - City of Wenatchee, Washington.

(h)  "COMMITMENT"  - The  commitment of Lender to make advances to Borrower
to construct the Project in an aggregate principal amount of up to and
including FIFTY TWO MILLION AND NO/100 DOLLARS ($52,000,000.00).

(i)  "COMMITMENT  TERMINATION  DATE" - August __, 2009,  or the date of the
termination  of  Lender's  Commitment  pursuant to SECTION 5.2 hereof,
whichever date occurs earlier.

(j)  "CONSTRUCTION  CONTRACT"  - The  agreement  between  Borrower  and the
General Contractor for the construction of the Project.

(k)  "CONTRACTOR" - Any General Contractor, who shall be engaged to work on
or to furnish materials, labor and supplies for the Project.

(l)  "DISBURSING AGENT" - Stewart Title Guaranty Company.

(l)  "DISBURSING  AGREEMENT"  -  The  Disbursing  Agreement  of  even  date
herewith,  executed by and between Borrower, Lender and the Disbursing
Agent  pertaining to the  disbursement of the Advances to or on behalf
of Borrower.

(m)  "DRAW  REQUEST" - The Draw  Request  form that is  submitted to Lender
when Advances are  requested in the form attached  hereto as EXHIBIT A
and incorporated herein by reference.

(n)  "DRAWINGS AND SPECIFICATIONS" - The drawings and specifications as may
be prepared by the Architect for the Project.

(o)  "ENVIRONMENTAL  INDEMNITY  AGREEMENT"  - The  Environmental  Indemnity
Agreement of even date  herewith  from Borrower and Guarantor in favor
of Lender.

(p)  "ENVIRONMENTAL  LAWS" - Any  international,  federal,  state  or local
statute, law, regulation,  order, consent, decree,  judgment,  permit,
license,  code,  covenant,  deed  restriction,   common  law,  treaty,
convention,  ordinance or other requirement relating to public health,
safety  or  the  environment,  including,  without  limitation,  those
relating to releases,  discharges or emissions to air, water,  land or

2
<PAGE>
groundwater,  to the withdrawal or use of groundwater,  to the use and
handling of  polychlorinated  biphenyls or asbestos,  to the disposal,
treatment,  storage  or  management  of  hazardous  or solid  waste or
Hazardous  Substances  or crude oil, or any  fraction  thereof,  or to
exposure  to  toxic  or   hazardous   materials,   to  the   handling,
transportation,  discharge  or release of gaseous or liquid  Hazardous
Substances and any regulation, order, notice or demand issued pursuant
to such law,  statute or  ordinance,  in each case  applicable  to the
Mortgaged  Property of  Borrower,  including  without  limitation  the
following: (i) the Comprehensive Environmental Response,  Compensation
and Liability Act of 1980, as amended by the Superfund  Amendments and
Re-authorization  Act of 1986;  (ii) the Solid Waste  Disposal Act, as
amended by the Resource  Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976 and the
Hazardous  and Solid Waste  Amendments  of 1984;  (iii) the  Hazardous
Materials  Transportation  Act,  as amended;  (iv) the  Federal  Water
Pollution  Control Act, as amended by the Clean Water Act of 1976; (v)
the Safe Drinking Water Act; (vi) the Clean Air Act, as amended; (vii)
the Toxic  Substances  Control  Act of 1976;  (viii) the  Occupational
Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended; (ix) the Emergency Planning
and   Community   Right-to-Know   Act  of  1986;   (x)  the   National
Environmental  Policy Act of 1975; (xi) the Oil Pollution Act of 1990;
and any  similar or  implementing  state law;  and any other  state or
federal statute and any further amendments to these laws providing for
financial  responsibility for cleanup or other actions with respect to
the release or  threatened  release of Hazardous  Substances  or crude
oil, or any fraction thereof and all rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

(q)  "EQUITY" - The difference between the Project Cost and the Commitment,
being the amount  Borrower  is  required  to invest in the  Project in
accordance with the provisions of SECTION 3.1 of this Agreement.

(r)  "EVENT OF DEFAULT" - One of the Events of Default specified in SECTION
5.1 hereof.

(s)  "GUARANTOR" - Global Entertainment Corporation, a Nevada corporation.

(t)  "GUARANTY" - That certain Guaranty of Completion of even date herewith
executed and delivered by Guarantor.

(u)  "GENERAL CONTRACTOR" - Hunt Construction Group, Inc.

(v)  "HARD  COSTS" - The costs of  constructing  the  Project  that are set
forth as Hard Costs on the Project Cost Statement.

(w)  "HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE" - Any hazardous or toxic material,  substance or
waste,  pollutant or contaminant  that is regulated under any statute,
law, ordinance,  rule or regulation of any local,  state,  regional or
federal authority having  jurisdiction over the Mortgaged  Property of
Borrower,  or its use,  including,  but not  limited to any  material,
substance  or waste,  that is: (i)  defined as a  hazardous  substance
under any Environmental Laws; (ii) a petroleum hydrocarbon,  including
crude oil or any fraction  thereof and all petroleum  products;  (iii)
polychlorinated  biphenyls;  (iv) lead;  (v) urea  formaldehyde;  (vi)

3
<PAGE>
asbestos or asbestos containing materials; (vii) flammable explosives;
(viii) infectious materials;  (ix) radioactive materials; (x) mold; or
(xi) defined or regulated as a hazardous  substance or hazardous waste
under any rules or  regulations  promulgated  under any  Environmental
Laws.

(x)  "INSPECTING  ENGINEER"  - The  inspecting  engineer  retained  by  the
Lender: LM Consultants, Inc.

(y)  "LEASE"  -  Amended  and  Restated  Lease  with  the  Purchase  Option
Agreement  dated May 30, 2007, made by Borrower as Lessor and WPFD, as
Lessee.

(z)  "LOAN  DOCUMENTS"  - This  Agreement,  the  Note,  the  Mortgage,  the
Guaranty, the Environmental Indemnity Agreement and all other security
or  collateral  documents  executed by Borrower  and/or  Guarantor  in
connection herewith or therewith for the benefit of Lender.

(aa) "MORTGAGE"  - The Deed of Trust of even  date  herewith,  executed  by
Borrower to Lender creating a first priority mortgage on the Mortgaged
Property  and a  security  interest  in all of the  personal  property
located thereon as security for payment of the Note.

(bb) "MORTGAGED  PROPERTY"  - The  land  and  improvements  (including  the
Project)  situated in Chelan  County,  Washington,  and other personal
property  located  thereon,  as  more  particularly  described  in the
Mortgage.

(cc) "NOTE" - The  promissory  note  from  Borrower  to Lender of even date
herewith  in the  original  principal  amount of FIFTY TWO MILLION AND
NO/100 DOLLARS ($52,000,000.00).

(dd) "PERSON" - Natural persons, corporations, limited liability companies,
limited    liability    partnerships,    limited   liability   limited
partnerships,  limited partnerships, general partnerships, joint stock
companies,  joint ventures,  associations,  companies,  trusts, banks,
trust companies,  land trusts, business trusts or other organizations,
whether  or not legal  entities,  and  governments  and  agencies  and
political subdivisions of those governments.

(ee) "PROJECT" - The  construction  of Greater  Wenatchee  Regional  Events
Center on the Mortgaged Property as more fully described in the Lease,
the Construction Contract and the Drawings and Specifications.

(ff) "PROJECT BUDGET" - The total cost of completing the Project.

(gg) "PROJECT  COST" -  Approximately  $54,000,000.00  being the  estimated
amount   necessary  to  complete  the  construction  of  the  Project,
including hard and soft costs.

(hh) "PROJECT  COST  STATEMENT"  - The  certificate  of  Borrower  in which
Borrower  certifies  to Lender  the  total of all Hard  Costs and Soft
Costs  necessary  to  complete  the  Project  in  accordance  with the

4
<PAGE>
Drawings and  Specifications,  and  certifies to Lender the amount and
source of Borrower's Equity, all as verified by Inspecting Engineer.

(ii) "PROJECT  DOCUMENTS" - Collectively  the  Construction  Contract,  the
Architect's  Contract,  the  Drawings  and  Specifications,  the Sworn
Construction  Statement,  the Project  Cost  Statement,  and all other
contracts  of Borrower or the General  Contractor  with respect to the
Project.

(jj) "SOFT COSTS" - The cost of constructing the Project that are set forth
as Soft Costs on the Project Cost Statement.

(kk) "SUBSTANTIAL  COMPLETION" - The date on which General  Contractor  and
the Architect  issue a Certificate  of  Substantial  Completion of the
Project and Borrower  demonstrates  compliance  with the conditions of
SECTION 3.3 of this Agreement.

(ll) "SWORN CONSTRUCTION  STATEMENT" - The form of document attached hereto
as Exhibit C.

(mm) "TITLE COMPANY" - Stewart Title Guaranty Company.

(nn) "WPFD" - Greater  Wenatchee  Regional Events Center Public  Facilities
District, a Washington municipal corporation.

ARTICLE II
COMMITMENT TO MAKE ADVANCES,
DISBURSEMENT PROCEDURES AND DEPOSIT OF FUNDS

Section 2.1 THE ADVANCES.  Lender  agrees,  on the terms and subject to the
conditions hereinafter set forth, to make Advances to Borrower from time to time
during the period from the date hereof to the Commitment  Termination Date in an
aggregate  principal  amount of up to and  including  the maximum  amount of the
Commitment,  to pay for or to  reimburse  Borrower  or its  Affiliates,  for the
payment of the costs  actually  incurred in  connection  with the Project,  that
shall include but not be limited to costs of permits, licenses, labor, supplies,
materials, services, equipment and insurance premiums, but shall not include any
profit to Borrower  acting in the capacity as  developer or general  contractor.
The obligation of Borrower to repay the Advances shall be evidenced by the Note,
containing the terms  relating to maturity,  interest rate, and other matters as
set forth  therein.  All Advances  shall be disbursed  by the  Disbursing  Agent
pursuant to the terms and  conditions  hereof and the Disbursing  Agreement.  As
used herein,  the term "Disburse" or "Disbursement"  shall mean the disbursement
of Advances made or to be made by the Disbursing Agent as provided herein and in
the Disbursing Agreement.

Section 2.2 ADVANCE  REQUIREMENTS.  Subject to the  requirements of SECTION
2.3 below, Advances shall be made as follows:

(a)  INITIAL ADVANCE.  Initial Advance shall be made in the total amount of

5
<PAGE>
up to  approximately  $5,939,744.38  to be used for  closing and other
costs and expenses of the Project.

(b)  CONSTRUCTION  ADVANCES.  Construction Advances shall be made by Lender
in the total amount of up to approximately  $46,060,255.62 as provided
in  this  Agreement.   Construction   Advances  to  be  used  for  the
development  of the Project and as otherwise  set forth in the Project
Budget.

Section 2.3 DISBURSEMENT PROCEDURES FOR ADVANCES.

(a)  Whenever  Borrower  desires  to  obtain  an  Advance  hereunder,  such
requests to be made no more  frequent  than  monthly,  Borrower  shall
submit  to  Lender  and  the  Disbursing  Agent a Draw  Request,  duly
executed on behalf of Borrower setting forth the information requested
therein.  Each  Draw  Request  shall be  submitted  at least  ten (10)
business days before the date the Advance is desired.  With respect to
Hard Costs, each Draw Request shall be limited to amounts equal to (i)
the total costs actually  incurred and paid or owed by Borrower to the
date  of  such  Draw  Request  for  work  on  the  Project  acceptably
completed,  as approved by Lender, plus (ii) the cost of materials and
equipment  not  incorporated  in the  Project,  but  delivered  to and
suitably  stored at the Project  site,  less (iii) 5 percent  (5%) (or
such lesser  hold back as is  authorized  by Lender),  which hold back
shall be  retained  by  Lender  until  Substantial  Completion  of the
Project (the  "RETAINAGE"),  and less prior Advances.  Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, no Advance for material stored at the
Project  site  will be made by Lender  unless  Borrower  shall  advise
Lender of its intention to so store  materials prior to their delivery
and provides suitable  security for such storage.  With respect to all
Soft Costs,  each Draw  Request  shall be limited to the total of such
costs actually  incurred by Borrower to the date of such Draw Request,
less  prior  Advances  for such  costs.  Each  Draw  Request  shall be
accompanied by a certification by the General  Contractor that (i) the
Project is being  constructed  in  accordance  with the  Drawings  and
Specifications in a good and workmanlike  manner and that the work has
been completed and the materials are in place as indicated in the Draw
Request, (ii) the undisbursed amount of the Commitment is in an amount
sufficient to pay the remaining unpaid costs and expenses  anticipated
to   complete   the   Project,   and  (iii)  such  other  and  further
certificates,  opinions, inspections, reports and other information as
may be requested  by Lender from time to time at its sole  discretion.
All Advances will be made in accordance  with the amounts  assigned to
the various items in the Sworn Construction  Statement and the Project
Cost  Statement  (as amended  from time to time to reflect  authorized
change  orders),  and no Advance will be made for any amount in excess
of the values assigned such items in the Sworn Construction  Statement
and the Project Cost Statement.  Each Draw Request shall constitute an
affirmation by Borrower that, to its  knowledge,  all  representations
and  warranties set forth in ARTICLE IV are true and correct as of the
date of such Draw Request.

(b)  At the time of submission of each Draw Request,  Borrower shall submit
to Lender and the Disbursing Agent the following:

6
<PAGE>
(i)  A written  lien waiver  with  respect to all Hard Costs from each
Contractor  for work done and materials  supplied by it that were
paid for pursuant to the preceding Draw Request.

(ii) Documentation reasonably acceptable to Lender (receipts, canceled
checks  and the like)  evidencing  payment of all Soft Costs that
were  paid in  connection  with the  immediately  preceding  Draw
Request,  excluding  amounts drawn for payment of interest on the
Advances or fees due to Lender.

(iii)Such other  supporting  evidence as may be requested by Lender or
the Disbursing  Agent to substantiate all payments that are to be
made out of the relevant Draw Request and/or to substantiate  all
payments then made with respect to the Project.

(c)  If on the date an Advance is desired Borrower has performed all of its
agreements and complied with all requirements therefor to be performed
or complied with hereunder  including  satisfaction  of all applicable
conditions  precedent  contained  in ARTICLE III hereof,  Lender shall
transmit to the Disbursing Agent the amount of the requested  Advance,
less  amounts  owing to Lender  (which  will be  applied  directly  by
Lender), and the Disbursing Agent will disburse such funds pursuant to
and in accordance  with the terms of the  Disbursing  Agreement.  Each
Advance  shall bear interest at the rate provided in the Note from the
date such Advance is transmitted by Lender to the Disbursing Agent.

Section  2.4  DEPOSIT  OF FUNDS BY  BORROWER.  If Lender  shall at any time
determine that the undisbursed  amount of the Commitment is less than the amount
required  to pay all  costs  and  expenses  of any kind  that may be  reasonably
anticipated in connection  with the Project,  and if Lender shall thereupon send
written  notice  thereof  to  Borrower  specifying  the  amount  required  to be
deposited by Borrower with the Disbursing  Agent to provide  sufficient funds to
complete  the Project,  Borrower  shall,  within  twenty (20)  calendar  days of
receipt of any such  notice,  deposit  with the  Disbursing  Agent the amount of
funds  specified  in  Lender's  notice.  Borrower  shall also  deposit  with the
Disbursing Agent,  without demand by Lender,  funds equal to any increase in the
Project Cost resulting from an authorized change order. Borrower agrees that any
funds  deposited with the Disbursing  Agent shall be disbursed by the Disbursing
Agent before any further disbursements of the Commitment.

Section 2.5 DISBURSEMENTS WITHOUT RECEIPT OF DRAW REQUEST.  Notwithstanding
anything  herein to the  contrary,  so long as any Event of Default has occurred
and remains outstanding, Lender, upon written notice to Borrower, shall have the
irrevocable  right at any time and from time to time to cause an  advance of the
Commitment  or a  disbursement  of funds that are on deposit  with Lender or the
Disbursing  Agent to pay  principal  or  interest  on the Note as and when  said
payments  become due and to pay any and all costs and  expenses  referred  to in
SECTION 6.03 hereof, and following the occurrence of an uncured Event of Default
to pay any and all costs and expenses  necessary to complete the Project,  or to

7
<PAGE>
satisfy any  obligation of Borrower  pursuant to the terms of this  Agreement or
the other Loan Documents, all without receipt of a Draw Request from Borrower.

Section 2.6 INTEREST RESERVE. A sum in the amount of ($2,329,066.00)  shall
be unfunded  and  reserved  for the  funding of  interest  owed on the Loan (the
"INTEREST RESERVE"). Funds shall be advanced for the payment of accrued interest
on Borrower's request, except as provided in SECTION2.05 above. It is the intent
of the parties  hereto,  that all Advances made pursuant to a Draw Request shall
include, but not be limited to, an Advance from the unfunded Interest Reserve to
pay interest  then due under the Loan.  It is the further  intent of the parties
hereto that in the event an interest  payment is due under the terms of the Note
but (i) no  Draw  Requests  has  been  made;  or (ii) a Draw  Request  has  been
submitted  such that the interest  payment  cannot be timely made as part of the
Draw Request, THEN Lender may draw from the Interest Reserve to pay such accrued
interest  then due. If at any time the  Interest  Reserve is exhausted or Lender
determines,  at its sole  discretion,  it is  insufficient  due to interest rate
adjustments, Borrower will, within 10 calendar days of Lender's request, deposit
with Lender an amount  sufficient for the funding of interest  payments over the
remaining term of the Loan.

Section 2.7 Intentionally Omitted.

Section 2.8 PROJECT CONTINGENCY. A sum in the amount of $1,252,035.00 shall
be unfunded and reserved for Project Cost overruns.

ARTICLE III
CONDITIONS OF LENDING

Section 3.1  CONDITIONS  PRECEDENT TO LENDING.  The obligation of Lender to
make the initial Advance  hereunder shall be subject to the condition  precedent
that Borrower shall be in compliance  with the  conditions  contained in SECTION
3.2 and the further  condition  precedent  that Lender  shall have  received the
following:

(a)  The   Note,   Mortgage,    Guaranties,   UCC   Financing   Statements,
Environmental  Indemnity  Agreement and other Loan  Documents to which
Borrower  and/or  Guarantor  as  required  hereunder  are  party  duly
executed  and  delivered to Lender,  all of which shall be  reasonably
satisfactory to Lender and Lender's legal counsel in form and content.

(b)  A current appraisal prepared by a state licensed appraiser approved by
Lender  indicating  an appraised  value of the  Mortgaged  Property as
follows:  minimum initial value of Land of at least $1,740,000.00,  as
well as "as  built"  projected  appraised  value of the  Project of at
least  $53,100,000.00.  The appraisal shall be addressed to Lender and
state that it has been  prepared on Lender's  behalf.  The form of the
appraisal  and the  appraisal  methods  shall  otherwise be reasonably
satisfactory to Lender and shall conform to all  requirements of State
and Federal law. Upon  completion of  construction,  at the expense of
Borrower, the appraiser shall reinspect and recertify the value of the
Mortgaged Property "as built."

8
<PAGE>
(c)  A "marked-up commitment" for a mortgagee's title insurance policy duly
endorsed  by the  Title  Company  that:  (i) names  Lender as  primary
insured in the full principal  amount of the Commitment;  (ii) insures
the Mortgage to be a valid first lien on the Mortgaged  Property;  and
(iii) is free from  exceptions for (1) matters that would be disclosed
by  a  survey  or  inspection,   (2)   mechanics',   contractors'   or
materialmen's  liens and lien claims, (3) rights and claims of parties
in  possession,  (4) easements or claims of easements not shown by the
public records, and (5) other exceptions not specifically  approved by
Lender and as set forth in EXHIBIT B to the Mortgage.  All real estate
taxes  are  current  and  all  levied  and  pending   assessments  not
delinquent as of the date of the Mortgage  shall be paid in full.  The
policy  shall  include a Form 3.0 zoning  endorsement,  an ALTA Form 9
comprehensive  endorsement,  and such other endorsements as Lender may
reasonably require under the circumstances.

(d)  An ALTA survey of the Mortgaged  Property,  satisfactory to Lender and
the Title Company,  prepared by a registered land surveyor, which will
include the legal description and area of the Mortgaged Property, show
and certify to the perimeter lot lines,  dimensions  and vectors,  the
location  of all  existing  footings,  foundations  and  improvements,
utilities,  easements,  rights of way,  building set back lines,  curb
lines  and  encroachments,  as may be  applicable,  and  the  intended
location of the Project  according to the Drawings and  Specifications
to be submitted and approved by Lender as provided herein. Said survey
shall be prepared  for Lender's  and the Title  Company's  benefit and
shall be certified by the surveyor in form  reasonably  acceptable  to
Lender and Title Company.  The survey shall be updated,  as reasonably
necessary to show the footings or  foundations of the Project when the
footings or  foundation  is  completed,  and shall be updated again to
show  the  location  of the  "AS-BUILT"  Project  prior  to the  final
disbursement of Loan proceeds.

(e)  Copies of all building and other permits necessary for construction of
the Project.  Lender shall also receive a certificate of the Architect
or  engineer   to  the  effect  that  all  permits   required  by  any
governmental  authority for  construction and operation of the Project
have been obtained.

(f)  Evidence  satisfactory  to Lender that the Project  complies  with all
building  codes  and  zoning  and  subdivision  ordinances  applicable
thereto,  and that the Project  and its use thereof are in  compliance
with all other state, federal, and local laws and regulations.

(g)  Copies  of the  contracts  between  Borrower  and the  Architect,  and
between Borrower and the General Contractor,  as well as the contracts
between  the  General  Contractor  and  all  major  subcontractors  as
identified on Exhibit B attached  hereto.  The  Construction  Contract
shall be a fixed-price or  maximum-cost  contract.  All such contracts
shall be in form reasonably  satisfactory to Lender and Lender's legal
counsel and shall,  together with the Drawings and Specifications,  be
assigned to Lender.  The Architect,  the General  Contractor,  and any
subcontractors  or other  contractors,  if required  by Lender,  shall
consent to such assignments. Borrower shall also provide to Lender any
contract  entered  into  by  Borrower,  or  any  proposed  tenants  or
franchisees doing business on the property of Borrower,  directly with

9
<PAGE>
any contractor,  engineer,  architect or  professional  concerning the
provision of materials and/or labor and/or services to the Project.

(h)  Current  financial  statements,  certified  as true and correct by the
party  giving  the  same.  All such  financial  statements  shall  (i)
indicate all assets,  liabilities,  contingent liabilities and income,
and (ii) include  separate  financial  statements for each significant
asset  (e.g.,  if  partnership  interests  are shown as an asset,  the
financial  statements of the partnership shall also be provided).  All
financial and credit  information  must be  satisfactory  to Lender in
form and substance.

(i)  Satisfactory soil test borings and soil reports that are acceptable to
Lender.

(j)  Written  evidence  from the proper  municipal  authorities  and public
utility companies that all utilities,  sewage and related services are
or will be available to the Mortgaged  Property upon completion of the
Project.

(k)  All reciprocal easement agreements,  maintenance agreements, and other
easements  relating  to the  Mortgaged  Property as Lender or Lender's
legal counsel may require,  if any, for parking,  access,  utility and
other  purposes,  all of which  shall be  reasonably  satisfactory  to
Lender and Lender's legal counsel in form and content.

(l)  Evidence  reasonably  satisfactory to Lender that no petroleum product
or other Hazardous Substance is present on the Mortgaged Property, and
that no asbestos-containing products, urea-formaldehyde foams or PCB's
are being used in the construction of the Project. Such evidence shall
include  a Phase I  Environment  Report  and a Phase II  Environmental
Report,   prepared  by  a  licensed   engineer   or  other   qualified
environmental  consultant  reasonably acceptable to Lender. The report
shall be  addressed  to Lender  and  state  that it was  prepared  for
Lender.  If the report  indicates  that  petroleum  products  or other
Hazardous  Substances  are  present,  the report shall  identify  such
materials  and  shall  analyze   (including  cost  and  time  factors)
recommended  methods of removal.  Borrower  warrants  that no asbestos
containing-products,  urea-formaldehyde  foam insulation or PCB's will
be used in the construction or equipping of the Project.

(m)  The Sworn  Construction  Statement,  completed and executed by General
Contractor based on the current Drawings and Specifications as part of
the Contractor's Sworn Construction Statement of even date herewith.

(n)  The Project Cost Statement.

(o)  An Estoppel from WPFD in form acceptable to Lender.

(p)  Intentionally Omitted.

(q)  Assignment  of that certain  Amended and Restated  Lease With Purchase
Option Agreement between Borrower and WPFD dated May 30, 2007.

10
<PAGE>
(r)  Evidence  prepared by an  independent  accountant  that  Borrower  has
injected $2,000,000.00 of cash Equity into the Project.

(s)  Evidence of the  financial  and legal  capacity of the City to perform
its commitment to guarantee  shortfalls in rent payments due under the
Lease  and to  contribute  $4,000,000  of the  puchase  price  if WPFD
exercises  its  purchase  option under the Lease,  including  (without
limiting the generality of the foregoing) current financial statements
in form  acceptable to Lender,  an  acceptable  analysis of the taxing
capacity of the City,  and an opinion of the City's bond counsel as to
the  enforceability of the Lease and such guarantee,  the agreement to
make such  contribution  and all related City obligations with respect
to the Lease.

(t)  Evidence  that the  developer  fee payable to  International  Coliseum
Company in connection with the Project, in the amount of $250,000, has
been forfeited.

(u)  Evidence that  Guarantor  will  subordinate to the Loan the payment of
$380,000 of its project management fee until Project  completion,  and
will  convert  an  additional  $200,000  of  such  fee to be  used  as
additional  contingency  which  may be  paid  upon  Borrower  reaching
certain construction milestones,  provided,  however, that any project
management  fee in excess of $580,000 shall be payable in the ordinary
course of business.

(v)  Evidence  that BBP Two LLC has agreed to defer  payment of $971,000 of
Project costs that are to be reimbursed by Borrower  until the Loan is
paid in full, and receipt of a subordination of such payment rights to
the repayment of the Loan.

(w)  Evidence  satisfactory  to Lender that  Borrower  has  expended or has
deposited  with the  Disbursing  Agent not less than the amount of the
required  Equity  in  payment  of  costs  and  expenses   incurred  in
connection with the Project that would be otherwise  properly  payable
from an Advance,  together  with  satisfactory  lien  waivers for Hard
Costs paid with such funds.

(x)  Evidence of  stockholder  equity of Guarantor in a total amount of not
less than  $9,000,000.00  (excluding  receivables  from  affiliates or
related  entities).  Evidence  of such  tangible  net  worth  shall be
provided on an internally  prepared  financial  statement  prepared in
accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP").

(y)  Evidence of liquidity (in the form of cash or cash  equivalents,  time
deposits and marketable  securities) of Guarantor in a total amount of
not less  than  $3,500,000.00.  Evidence  of such  liquidity  shall be
prepared by a third party acceptable to Lender (via bank statements or
statements provided by a broker-dealer).

(z)  The  Disbursing  Agreement,  duly  executed by the  Disbursing  Agent,
Borrower and Lender in form and substance  acceptable to Lender in its
sole discretion.

(aa) Delivery of a payment and  performance  bond from General  Contractor,

11
<PAGE>
together with a dual oblige rider naming Lender, in form and substance
acceptable to Lender in its sole discretion.

(bb) Payment to Lender of a commitment  fee of  $780,000.00 to be disbursed
on closing from the loan proceeds.

(cc) Guarantor  will  deliver  an  irrevocable  letter  of  credit  from an
institution  and in a form  acceptable  to  Lender  in the  amount  of
$1,250,000.00 to serve as additional  collateral and which may be used
to cure an Event of Default.

Section 3.2 FURTHER CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO ALL ADVANCES. The obligation of
Lender to make an Advance hereunder  including each subsequent  Advance shall be
subject to the condition precedent that Borrower shall be in compliance with all
conditions set forth in SECTION 3.1 and further conditions precedent that on the
date of each Advance:

(a)  No Event of Default hereunder,  or event that would constitute such an
Event of Default but for the requirement  that notice be given or that
a  period  of  grace  or  time  elapse,  shall  have  occurred  and be
continuing and all  representations and warranties made by Borrower in
ARTICLE  IV shall  continue  to be true and  correct as of the date of
such Advance.

(b)  No  determination  shall have been made by Lender that the undisbursed
amount of the  Commitment is less than the amount  required to pay all
costs and expenses of any kind that may be  anticipated  in connection
with the Project;  or if such a determination has been made and notice
thereof sent to Borrower,  Borrower has deposited the necessary  funds
with the  Disbursing  Agent or Lender in  accordance  with SECTION 2.3
hereof.

(c)  The  disbursement  requirements  of  SECTION  2.2  hereof  and  of the
Disbursing  Agent  set  forth in the  Disbursing  Agreement  have been
satisfied.

(d)  If required by Lender or Disbursing  Agent,  Lender and the Disbursing
Agent shall be furnished with an updated Sworn Construction  Statement
for the Project.

(e)  Borrower  shall have  provided to Lender such  evidence of  compliance
with  all  applicable  provisions  of this  Agreement  as  Lender  may
reasonably request.

(f)  No license or permit  necessary  for the  construction  of the Project
shall have been revoked or the issuance thereof subjected to challenge
before any court or other  governmental  authority having or asserting
jurisdiction thereover.

Section 3.3 CONDITIONS  PRECEDENT TO THE FINAL  ADVANCE.  The obligation of
Lender to make the final Advance and to release the  Retainage  shall be subject
to the  condition  precedent  that  Borrower  shall  be in  compliance  with all
conditions set forth in  SECTIONS3.1  and 3.2 and,  further,  that the following
conditions shall have been satisfied:

(a)  The Project,  including all landscape  and parking  requirements,  has
been  substantially  completed  in  accordance  with the  Drawings and

12
<PAGE>
Specifications and evidenced by a Certificate of Completion  delivered
to Lender and Lender shall have received a  Certificate  of Completion
from the General Contractor and the Architect  certifying that (i) the
construction  of the  Project  has  been  substantially  completed  in
accordance with the Drawings and Specifications (with the exception of
any minor  items  ["PUNCH  LIST  ITEMS"])  (ii) all  labor,  services,
materials  and supplies used in the Project have been paid for or will
be paid for from the  proceeds  of the  final  Advance  and  (iii) the
completed  Project  conforms  with  all  applicable  zoning,  land use
planning,  building  and  environmental  laws and  regulations  of the
governmental  authorities having jurisdiction over the Project and the
Mortgaged  Property.  The  General  Contractor  shall also  deliver to
Lender a list of Punch List  Items  acceptable  to Lender,  specifying
dates by which the Punch List Items shall be completed,  together with
General Contractor's written contract to complete the Punch List Items
as specified.  The amount of the final Advance and/or the Retainage to
be  released  shall  be  reduced  by an  amount  equal  to110%  of the
scheduled  value of the Punch List  Items,  which sum shall be held by
Lender  pending  the  completion  of  the  Punch  List  Items  to  the
satisfaction of Lender.

(b)  Lender has received  each of the following  documents  and  approvals,
each of which  shall be  satisfactory  to Lender  and  Lender's  legal
counsel:

(i)  An as-built survey;

(ii) A final  Sworn  Construction  Statement  executed  by the General
Contractor and Borrower;

(iii)A final  Certificate  of  Occupancy or  equivalent  issued by the
appropriate municipal or governmental inspecting authority;

(iv) All necessary and appropriate Inspecting certifications;

(v)  An approval for disbursement  from the Inspecting  Engineer after
its final inspection of the Project.

(vi) A title  endorsement  from the Title  Company  that  reflects the
absence of any liens or other  matters  affecting  title that are
objectionable to the Lender.

(vii)Final lien  waivers  executed by the General  Contractor  and all
subcontractors.

Section  3.4  INSURANCE.  Borrower  shall  obtain  and  shall  continuously
maintain thereafter the following policies of insurance:

DURING CONSTRUCTION AND PRIOR TO COMPLETION

BUILDER'S RISK INSURANCE - Builder's Risk Insurance  written on a completed
value basis in an amount equal to the full replacement cost of the building
and  improvements at the date of completion with coverage  available on the

13
<PAGE>
so-called  non-reporting  "all  risk" form of  policy,  including  coverage
against collapse and water damage, with standard non-contributing mortgagee
clauses,  such insurance to be in such amounts and form and written by such
companies  as shall be  approved  by  Lender  which  approval  shall not be
unreasonably   withheld,   conditioned   or  delayed,   and  the  insurance
certificates   evidencing   such  policies   (together   with   appropriate
endorsement  thereto,  evidence of payment of premiums  thereon and written
agreements  by the insurer or insurers  therein to give Lender  thirty (30)
days' prior written notice of any intention to cancel).

CONTRACTOR'S  LIABILITY  -  Contractor's  Comprehensive  General  Liability
Insurance [including  operations,  product liability,  contingent liability
operations, operations of subcontractors, completed operations, contractual
liability  insurance  and  comprehensive   automobile  liability  insurance
(including  hired and non-owned  liability)] and with combined single limit
and general aggregate  coverage for personal and bodily injury and property
damage of at least $1,000,000.00 for each occurrence, $2,000,000.00 general
aggregate and with $2,000,000.00 excess liability coverage.

WORKER'S  COMPENSATION - Statutory  worker's  compensation  coverage in the
required amounts.

FLOOD - Flood  insurance  if any  part of the  Mortgaged  Property  now (or
subsequently  determined  to be) is  located in an area  identified  by the
Federal Emergency Management Agency as an area having special flood hazards
and in which flood  insurance  has been made  available  under the National
Flood  Insurance Act of 1968 (and amendment or successor act thereto) in an
amount at least  equal to the  lesser of the full  replacement  cost of all
buildings  and  equipment  on  the  Mortgaged  Property,   the  outstanding
principal  amount of the Note or the maximum limited of coverage  available
with respect to the buildings and equipment under said Act;

AFTER COMPLETION

ALL RISK - All  risk/open  perils  special  form  property  insurance  with
extended  coverages  including any building contents,  sprinkler  coverage,
Contingent  Operations  of  Building   Laws/Ordinance  or  Law  Endorsement
(including demolition cost, loss to undamaged portions of any buildings and
increased cost of  construction)  with limits of 100%  replacement cost and
with  no  co-insurance  provision  or if the  insurance  carrier  requires,
co-insurance  provisions  with  an  agreed  amount  endorsement  in  amount
acceptable  to Lender,  and with no  exclusions  for terrorism or terrorist
acts.

BOILER AND  PRESSURE  VESSELS -  Insurance  against  loss or damage from i)
leakage of  sprinkler  systems  and ii)  explosion  of steam  boilers,  air
conditioning  equipment,  high pressure  piping,  machinery and  equipment,
pressure  vessels or similar  apparatus  now or hereafter  installed in any
improvements on the Mortgaged  Property and including broad form boiler and
machinery  insurance (without exclusion for explosion) covering all boilers

14
<PAGE>
or other pressure vessels,  machinery and equipment  (including  electrical
equipment,  sprinkler  systems,  heating  and air  conditioning  equipment,
refrigeration  equipment and piping)  located in, on or about the Mortgaged
Property  and any  improvements  thereon in an amount at least equal to the
full  replacement  cost of such  equipment  and the  building or  buildings
housing the same;

RENTS/INCOME - Rents Loss or Business Interruption  insurance covering risk
of loss due to the  occurrence  of any hazards  insured  against  under the
required fire and extended coverage insurance in an amount equal to one (1)
year's  loss of income as such  income may change  from time to time due to
changes in income from the Mortgaged Property;

FLOOD - Flood  insurance  if any  part of the  Mortgaged  Property  now (or
subsequently  determined  to be) is  located in an area  identified  by the
Federal Emergency Management Agency as an area having special flood hazards
and in which flood  insurance  has been made  available  under the National
Flood  Insurance Act of 1968 (and amendment or successor act thereto) in an
amount at least  equal to the  lesser of the full  replacement  cost of all
buildings  and  equipment  on  the  Mortgaged  Property,   the  outstanding
principal  amount of the Note or the maximum limited of coverage  available
with respect to the buildings and equipment under said Act;

CGL - Commercial  general public  liability  insurance  (including  product
liability,   completed  operations,   contractual  liability,  host  liquor
liability,  broad form property damage,  and personal  injuries,  including
death  resulting  therefrom)  and with  combined  single  limit and general
aggregate coverage for personal and bodily injury and property damage of at
least  $1,000,000.00 for each occurrence,  $2,000,000.00  general aggregate
and with $2,000,000.00 excess liability coverage.

Maximum  deductible  on all  coverages  and  policies  shall be no greater  than
$10,000.00.  The  insurance  carrier  must be rated A, Class XII, or better,  by
Best's Rating  Service.  Such  insurance  policies shall be written on forms and
with insurance companies  satisfactory to Lender, shall be in amounts sufficient
to prevent  Borrower from becoming a co-insurer  of any loss  thereunder,  shall
insure   Lender   as  a  first   mortgagee   on  the   casualty   and   business
interruption/loss  of rents coverage under a standard mortgagee clause and shall
name Lender as an "additional  insured" on all required liability  coverages and
policies.  Insurance  certificates  evidencing  such  insurance  and evidence of
payment of premiums  thereon and written  agreements  by the insurer or insurers
therein to give Lender thirty (30) days' prior  written  notice of any intention
to  cancel.  If no such copy is  available,  Lender  will  accept a binder for a
period not to exceed ninety (90) days.  Borrower shall,  within thirty (30) days
prior to the  expiration  of any such  policy,  deliver  insurance  certificates
evidencing the renewal of such  insurance  together with evidence of the payment
of current premiums therefor. Any vacancy,  change of title, tenant occupancy or
use,  physical damage,  additional  improvements or other factors  affecting any
insurance   contract  must  be  promptly   reported  to  Lender.   All  binders,
certificates  of  insurance,  and original or certified  copies of policies must
name Borrower as a named insured, or as an additional insured,  must include the
complete and accurate  property address and must bear the original  signature of
the issuing  insurance  agent.  In the event of a foreclosure  or trustee's sale
under the Mortgage or any  acquisition  of the Mortgaged  Property by Lender all

15
<PAGE>
such policies and any proceeds  payable  therefrom,  whether  payable  before or
after a foreclosure  sale,  or during the period of  redemption,  if any,  shall
become the absolute property of Lender to be utilized at its discretion.  In the
event of  foreclosure  or the failure to obtain and keep any required  insurance
Borrower  empowers  Lender to  effect  the above  insurance  upon the  Mortgaged
Property at Borrower's  expense and for the benefit of Lender in the amounts and
types  aforesaid for a period of time covering the time of redemption from sale,
and if necessary  therefore,  to cancel any or all existing insurance  policies.
Borrower agrees to pay Lender such fees as may be permitted under applicable law
for the reasonable  costs incurred by Lender in determining,  from time to time,
whether the Mortgaged  Property are located  within an area having special flood
hazards. Such fees shall include the fees charged by any organization  providing
for such services.

Section  3.5  CASUALTY/DESTRUCTION.  In the event of any fire,  accident or
other casualty causing loss, damage or destruction to the Mortgaged Property, or
any part thereof,  any and all insurance proceeds received in respect thereof in
excess of $100,000.00  shall be held by Lender in trust,  so long as no Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing,  and shall be made available to Borrower
and disbursed from time to time to Borrower  and/or its Affiliates to repair and
restore any such damage pursuant to Lender's  disbursement  procedures which are
generally utilized by Lender for construction loans to its customers.

Section 3.6 NO WAIVER.  The making of any Advance prior to  fulfillment  of
any condition thereof shall not be construed as a waiver of such condition,  and
Lender reserves the right to require  fulfillment of any and all such conditions
prior to making any subsequent Advance.

ARTICLE IV
WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS
OF BORROWER

Section  4.1  REPRESENTATIONS   AND  WARRANTIES.   Borrower  and  Guarantor
represent and warrant as follows:

(a)  The Loan  Documents to which  Borrower is and/or  Guarantor  are party
have been duly  executed and  delivered  to Lender by Borrower  and/or
Guarantor,  as  applicable,  and each Loan  Document  constitutes  the
legal,  valid and binding  obligations  of Borrower  and/or  Guarantor
enforceable  in  accordance  with the terms  thereof  (subject,  as to
enforceability,  to limitations resulting from bankruptcy,  insolvency
and other similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally).

(b)  The  Project and the  intended  use thereof for the purpose and in the
manner  contemplated  by this Agreement to Borrower's and  Guarantor's
knowledge  are  permitted by and comply in all material  respects with
all presently applicable use or other restrictions and requirements in
prior  conveyances,  zoning ordinances and all development,  pollution
control,   water   conservation,   environmental   and   other   laws,
regulations,  rules and  ordinances of the United States and the State
of Washington and the respective  agencies thereof,  and the political
subdivision in which the Mortgaged Property is located.

16
<PAGE>
(c)  There is no suit, action or proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of
Borrower and/or  Guarantor  threatened  against or affecting  Borrower
and/or  Guarantor before or by any court,  arbitrator,  administrative
agency or other  governmental  authority that if adversely  determined
would  materially and adversely affect Borrower and/or  Guarantor,  or
the businesses, properties, operations, assets or condition (financial
or otherwise) of Borrower  and/or  Guarantor or the validity of any of
the  transactions  contemplated by the Loan  Documents,  or Borrower's
and/or  Guarantor's  ability to perform the  obligations  hereunder or
thereunder or as contemplated hereby or thereby.

(d)  Borrower  and  Guarantor  have filed all federal and state tax returns
and informational reports required to be filed, which returns properly
reflect  the taxes owed by them for the  period  covered  thereby  and
Borrower  and  Guarantor  have paid all taxes that are due pursuant to
said  returns and paid all present  installments  of any  assessments,
fees and other governmental charges upon it or upon its property.

(e)  No consent,  approval or authorization of or permit or license from or
registration  with  or  notice  to any  federal  or  state  regulatory
authority or any third party, to Borrower's and Guarantor's knowledge,
is required in connection  with the making or the  performance  of the
Loan  Documents,  the Project,  or with respect to any other aspect of
the  Project  or the  Mortgaged  Property,  or, if so  required,  such
consent, approval, authorization, permit or license has been requested
and obtained or such  registration  made or notice given or such other
appropriate  action  taken on or prior to the date hereof  (other than
with respect to the occupancy of the Mortgaged Property that cannot be
obtained  until   completion  of  the  Project)   except  for  interim
certificates,  permits and approvals to be issued during the course of
construction.

(f)  Borrower  is  not  and  Guarantor  is  not in  default  of a  material
provision under any material agreement, instrument, decree or order to
which either is a party or to which any parties' property are bound or
affected.

(g)  There has been no material  adverse change in the financial  condition
of Borrower or Guarantor since the date of certification of Borrower's
and Guarantor's financial statements previously delivered to Lender.

Section 4.2  COVENANTS.  On and after the date hereof and until  payment in
full of the Note  and  payment  and  performance  of all  other  obligations  of
Borrower  hereunder,  and so long as any portion of the Loan  referenced  herein
remain in effect, Borrower agrees as follows:

(a)  The Mortgaged Property shall comply with all applicable  restrictions,
conditions,   ordinances,   regulations   and  laws  of   governmental
departments  and  agencies  having  jurisdiction  over  the  Mortgaged
Property,  and shall not violate any private restrictions or covenants
or encroach upon or interfere with  easements  affecting the Mortgaged
Property,  and that Borrower will commence and carry on  continuously,
diligently  and with  reasonable  dispatch,  the  construction  of the
Project in conformance to the Drawings and  Specifications,  free from

17
<PAGE>
all  mechanic's,  laborer's and material man's liens and in a good and
workmanlike  manner,  and complete the same prior to the maturity date
of the Note.

(b)  To keep, perform, enforce and maintain in full force and effect all of
the terms,  covenants,  conditions  and  requirements  of the  Project
Documents  (other  than  immaterial  terms  approved  by Lender in the
reasonable  exercise  of  its  discretion);   not  to  amend,  modify,
supplement,  terminate,  cancel or waive any of the terms,  covenants,
conditions or requirements of any of said documents  without the prior
written consent of Lender; and to execute and deliver such amendments,
modifications,  supplements and extensions of said documents as may be
reasonably requested by Lender.

(c)  To use all  commercially  reasonable  efforts to require  the  General
Contractor and each Contractor to comply with all rules,  regulations,
ordinances and laws bearing on its conduct in the  construction of the
Project.

(d)  To furnish to Lender as soon as possible  and in any event  within ten
(10) days after  Borrower has obtained  knowledge of the occurrence of
an event that would  constitute  an Event of  Default  hereunder  or a
violation of any of the  covenants or  obligations  of Borrower  under
this  Agreement  or that  would  cause any of the  representations  or
warranties  hereunder to be false or misleading in any respect,  or an
event  that with the  giving of notice or lapse of time or both  would
constitute an Event of Default, that is continuing on the date of such
statement,  in which case Borrower  shall  deliver a signed  statement
setting  forth the details of such  violation  or event and the action
that has been taken,  is being  taken,  or that  Borrower  proposes to
take, to correct the same.

(e)  To hold  Lender  harmless,  and  Lender  shall  have no  liability  or
obligation of any kind to Borrower, creditors of Borrower or any third
party,  in  connection  with any  defective,  improper  or  inadequate
workmanship  performed  in or  about,  or  materials  supplied  to the
Mortgaged  Property,  or any mechanic's,  supplier's or material man's
liens  arising as a result of such  defective,  improper or inadequate
workmanship  or materials,  and upon Lender's  request,  to replace or
cause to be  replaced,  any such  defective,  improper  or  inadequate
workmanship or materials.

(f)  To pay and discharge all taxes,  assessments and governmental  charges
or levies imposed upon Borrower or upon its income or profits, or upon
its assets or properties,  prior to the date on which penalties attach
thereto, and all lawful claims that, if unpaid, might become a lien or
charge upon the  property or assets of  Borrower;  provided,  however,
that Borrower  shall not be required to pay any such tax,  assessment,
charge, levy or claim, the payment of which is being contested in good
faith and by proper  proceedings and for which it shall have set aside
adequate reserves.

(g)  To keep the  Mortgaged  Property and all  improvements,  buildings and
fixtures thereon in good working order and condition.

18
<PAGE>
(h)  As soon as available,  and within one hundred  twenty (120) days after
the  end of  each  calendar  year,  a copy  of  the  annual  financial
statements  of  Borrower,  that shall  include  the  balance  sheet of
Borrower as at the end of such year and related  statements  of income
and expenses,  statement of changes in financial position, a statement
of  changes in capital  accounts  and a  statement  of  allocation  of
distribution  of profits  and losses of  Borrower,  all in  reasonable
detail, prepared in accordance with GAAP (or tax accounting reconciled
to GAAP) and reviewed by a reputable  accounting firm. Such statements
shall be  accompanied  by the annual  federal  income  tax  returns of
Borrower,  including all schedules,  for the preceding taxable year as
filed with the Internal  Revenue  Service unless an extension has been
obtained for filing taxes and then within thirty (30) days after final
filing.

(i)  As soon as available,  and within one hundred  twenty (120) days after
the end of each calendar  year,  Guarantor  will provide to Lender,  a
current financial statement of Guarantor which statement shall include
an  itemization  of  all  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  Guarantor
scheduled by item and type, all investments and contingent liabilities
and  adequate to disclose  the net worth of Guarantor at such point in
time.  Such  financial  statement  shall be  personally  certified  by
Guarantor and shall be  accompanied  by the annual  federal income tax
returns of Guarantor,  including all schedules and K-1s as applicable,
for the  preceding  taxable  year as filed with the  Internal  Revenue
Service  unless an  extension  has been  obtained for filing taxes and
then within thirty (30) days after final filing.

(j)  Beginning  with the first quarter after the completion of the Project,
as soon as  available,  and within  thirty  (30) days after the end of
each quarter, a copy of the quarterly  financial statement of Borrower
that shall include the balance sheet of Borrower as at the end of such
quarter and related  statements of income and  expenses,  statement of
changes  in  financial  position,  a  statement  of changes in capital
accounts and a statement of allocation of  distribution of profits and
losses of Borrower,  all in reasonable detail,  prepared in accordance
with GAAP (or tax accounting reconciled to GAAP).

(k)  Guarantor shall maintain throughout the term of the Loan, unrestricted
liquidity  in  a  total   amount  for   Guarantor  of  not  less  than
$3,500,000.00 in cash, cash equivalents,  time deposits and marketable
securities.  Evidence of such  liquidity  shall be prepared by a third
party  reasonably   acceptable  to  Lender  (via  bank  statements  or
statements  provided  by a  broker-dealer),  and shall be  provided to
Lender at loan closing and quarterly no less than forty-five (45) days
following the end of each quarter.

(l)  Within ten (10) days after Lender's request  therefor,  Borrower shall
deliver to Lender  such  other  information  as Lender may  reasonably
request from time to time.

(m)  Borrower  shall  maintain  and  preserve  its  existence  as a limited
liability company or other form of business organization,  as the case
may be, and all rights, privileges,  licenses, patents, patent rights,

19
<PAGE>
copyrights, trademarks, trade names, franchises and other authority to
the extent  material and necessary  for the conduct of its  respective
business  in the  ordinary  course  as  conducted  from  time to time.
Without at least 30 days prior written  notice  Borrower shall not (i)
change its legal name, (ii) change its state of organization, or (iii)
change the location of its chief executive office.

(n)  Guarantor must maintain a level of stockholder  equity of no less than
$8,000,000.00  to be  measured  on a  quarterly  basis  on  internally
prepared financial  statements prepared according to GAAP and provided
to  Lender  no  less  than  60 days  following  the of  each  quarter;
provided,   however,   that  such  minimum  level  shall  increase  to
$9,000,000.00 as of July 31, 2008.

Section 4.3  NEGATIVE  COVENANTS.  Borrower  agrees that  without the prior
written consent of Lender:

(a)  Borrower  shall not  grant  any  security  interest  in the  Mortgaged
Property  or any part  thereof,  or create or permit to be  created or
allow to exist  any  mortgage,  encumbrance  or  other  lien  upon the
Mortgaged Property.

(b)  Borrower  shall not agree or  consent to any  material  changes in the
Project Documents;  provided however, changes to the Project Documents
which do not  affect  the  aesthetics  or  diminish  the  value of the
Project  and which  are in an amount  not  exceeding  $100,000  in the
aggregate  shall not  require  Lender  consent  or  approval  or be in
violation of this section.

(c)  Borrower shall not incorporate in the Project any materials,  fixtures
or  property  that are  subject  to the  claims of any  other  person,
whether pursuant to conditional  sales contract,  security  agreement,
lease, mortgage or otherwise.

(d)  Borrower  shall not assume,  guaranty,  or become an obligor or surety
for the  obligations  of any third  party  except  for  those  certain
payment  obligations   undertaken  and  assumed  by  Borrower  in  the
aggregate principal amount of $2,283,303.96  pursuant to the terms set
forth in Section 4 of that certain  Tri-Party  Agreement dated May 17,
2007 made by and  among  Blodgett  Construction  Associates,  Inc.,  a
Washington  corporation,  BBP Two, LLC, a Washington limited liability
company,  Bethlehem  Construction,  Inc., a Washington corporation and
Borrower.

(e)  Borrower  shall  not incur any  indebtedness  other  than the Loan and
trade payables in the ordinary course of its business and that certain
indebtedness in the aggregate  principal  amount of  $2,283,303.96  as
evidenced  by  that  certain  promissory  note  payable  to  Bethlehem
Construction,  Inc.  as  required  by  Section  4  of  said  Tri-Party
Agreement.

Section 4.4  ENVIRONMENTAL  REPRESENTATION,  WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS,  AND
INDEMNITIES.  To induce Lender to make and fund the Loan, Borrower and Guarantor
hereby represent, warrant, covenant and agree as follows:

20
<PAGE>
(a)  That,  except as  heretofore  disclosed  to Lender in writing  (i) the
Mortgaged  Property  has  never  been  used by  Borrower  or to  their
knowledge by any previous owners or occupants or current  occupants to
generate,  manufacture,  refine,  transport,  treat,  store, handle or
dispose of any Hazardous  Substances and no such Hazardous  Substances
exist on the Mortgaged  Property or in its soil or groundwater  (other
than those utilized during the course of construction of the Project),
(ii) the  Project  will not be  constructed  with  asbestos,  asbestos
containing  materials,  urea  formaldehyde  insulation  or  any  other
chemical  or  substance  that has been  determined  to be a hazard  to
health and/or the  environment,  (iii) there does not presently exist,
nor to best of their knowledge have there been in the past, electrical
transformers or other equipment that have dielectric  fluid-containing
polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) located in, on or under the Mortgaged
Property,  (iv) to their knowledge,  the Mortgaged  Property has never
contained any  underground  storage  tanks,  (v) neither  Borrower nor
Guarantor  have received or have  knowledge of any summons,  citation,
directive,  letter or other  communication,  written or oral, from any
local, state or federal  governmental  agency concerning the existence
of Hazardous  Substances on the Mortgaged Property or in the immediate
vicinity  of  the  Mortgaged  Property  or  the  releasing,  spilling,
leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, or dumping of Hazardous
Substances onto the Mortgaged Property or into waters or other lands.

(b)  That  Borrower  shall (i) comply and shall cause all  occupants of the
Mortgaged  Property to comply with all federal,  state and local laws,
rules,   regulations   and  orders  with  respect  to  the  discharge,
generation, removal, transportation, storage and handling of Hazardous
Substances,  (ii) remove any  Hazardous  Substances  immediately  upon
discovery of the same in accordance with applicable  laws,  ordinances
and orders of governmental  authorities having  jurisdiction  thereof,
(iii) pay or cause to be paid all costs  associated with such removal,
(iv) prevent the migration of Hazardous Substances from or through the
Mortgaged  Property  onto or  under  other  properties,  (v)  keep the
Mortgaged  Property free of any lien imposed  pursuant to any state or
federal  law,  rule,  regulation  or  order  in  connection  with  the
existence of Hazardous Substances on the Mortgaged Property,  (vi) not
install  or permit to be  incorporated  into any  improvements  in the
Mortgaged  Property or to exist in or on the  Mortgaged  Property  any
asbestos,  asbestos containing materials, urea formaldehyde insulation
or any other  chemical or substance  that has been  determined to be a
hazard to health and/or the environment,  (vii) not cause or permit to
exist, as a result of an intentional or unintentional  act or omission
on the part of Borrower,  or any occupant of the Mortgaged Property, a
releasing,  spilling, leaking, pumping, emitting, pouring, emptying or
dumping of any Hazardous  Substances  onto the  Mortgaged  Property or
into  waters or other  lands,  and (viii) give all  notifications  and
prepare all reports  required by  Environmental  Laws or any other law
with respect to Hazardous  Substances  existing on,  released  from or
emitted from the Mortgaged  Property.  Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing,  Borrower shall  remidiate all Hazardous  Substances
identified in the Phase 2  Environmental  Site  Assesment  prepared by
Cascade  Earth  Services  ("CES")  dated  August 1, 2007 (the "Phase 2
Report") in accordance with the  remediation  plan prepared by CES and

21
<PAGE>
meeting the  substantive  requirements of the Model Toxics Control Act
(Chapter  70.105D  RCW),  and  thereafter  obtain a No Further  Action
Determination from the State of Washington Department of Ecology under
its Voluntary Cleanup Program.

(c)  That if either Borrower or Guarantor fail to diligently  dispose of or
secure  any  Hazardous  Substance  after  discovery  thereof  in  full
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, Lender may at its
option, but without any obligation  whatsoever,  proceed to so dispose
of or  secure  the  Hazardous  Substance  or take  such  other  action
necessitated  or  resulting  therefrom  at the  cost  and  expense  of
Borrower.  Borrower and  Guarantor  further agree that in the Event of
Default or if any Hazardous  Substance is  discovered  in, on or under
the Mortgaged  Property or is attributable to or affects the Mortgaged
Property,  Borrower and Guarantor  shall, at their expense,  permit an
environmental  inspection,  audit,  assessment,  or other  testing  or
monitoring of the Mortgaged Property,  for the sole benefit of Lender,
to be  conducted  by Lender or by an  independent  agent  selected  by
Lender.

(d)  Borrower and Guarantor  acknowledge  and agree that their  obligations
under this  SECTION 4.4 are not and shall not be deemed to  constitute
mortgage debt, that such  obligations are not secured by the Mortgage,
and  that  such  obligations  shall  not be  terminated  or  otherwise
affected  by the sale of the  Mortgaged  Property in  satisfaction  or
partial  satisfaction  of the Note, any foreclosure of the Mortgage or
by any  proceeding or deed in lieu of foreclosure or by any payment or
performance of any other  indebtedness or obligation or by any passage
of title to Lender or by any  disposition by Lender of all or any part
of the Mortgaged  Property or by any other action or thing,  including
any  anti-deficiency  provisions  of  applicable  law,  and that  such
obligations are totally  independent of and unaffected by the terms of
any Loan  Documents or other  writing or  agreement,  and Borrower and
Guarantor  specifically  forever waive any and all claims and defenses
to the contrary.  The obligations of Borrower and Guarantor under this
SECTION 4.4 shall survive payment of the Note.

ARTICLE V
EVENTS OF DEFAULT; RIGHTS AND REMEDIES

Section 5.1 EVENT OF DEFAULT  DEFINED.  As used  herein,  the term Event of
Default shall include each or all of the following events:

(a)  Borrower  shall fail to pay any  principal  or interest  due under the
Note or any other amount payable hereunder when due.

(b)  Borrower  or  Guarantor  shall  default  in  the  performance  of  any
agreement,  term,  provision,  condition,  or covenant  required to be
performed or observed by Borrower or Guarantor  hereunder or under the
Loan  Documents  (other  than non payment and other than a covenant or
agreement or default  that is  elsewhere  in this  Agreement or in the
Loan  Documents  specifically  dealt with) required to be performed or
observed by Borrower or Guarantor hereunder or any other Loan Document
or  other  agreement  with or in favor of  Lender  which is not  cured

22
<PAGE>
within thirty (30) days of delivery of written  notice of default,  or
if the breach is of such a nature that it cannot  reasonably  be cured
or remedied  within the thirty  (30) day  period,  the time period for
cure shall be  extended  for such period as may be  necessary  to cure
such failure with reasonable diligence,  but not to exceed ninety (90)
days after such written notice.

(c)  Any financial information,  statement, certificate,  representation or
warranty given to Lender by Borrower (or any of their representatives)
or Guarantor in connection  with  entering into this  Agreement or the
other Loan Documents and/or any borrowing hereunder, or required to be
furnished under the terms hereof or the Loan Documents, shall prove to
be untrue in any  material  respect  (as  determined  by Lender in the
exercise of its reasonable judgment) as of the time when given.

(d)  Borrower or Guarantor  (or their  respective  Affiliates)  shall be in
default  under  the  terms of any  loan  agreement,  promissory  note,
guaranty,  lease,  conditional  sales  contract  or  other  agreement,
document  or   instrument   evidencing,   governing  or  securing  any
indebtedness  owing by Borrower or  Guarantor  to Lender or any of its
Affiliates,  and the  period of grace,  if any,  to cure said  default
shall have  passed,  unless such  default or the  underlying  claim is
being contested by Borrower or Guarantor  based on a legitimate,  good
faith  argument  and  Borrower  or  Guarantor  has bonded or  reserved
sufficient monies to satisfy such default or underlying claim.

(e)  Borrower or Guarantor  shall be in default under the terms of any loan
agreement,  promissory note, lease, conditional sale contract or other
agreement,  document or instrument  evidencing,  governing or securing
any  indebtedness  in excess of $100,000 owed by Borrower or Guarantor
to any third  party,  and the  period of grace,  if any,  to cure said
default shall have passed, unless such default or the underlying claim
is being  contested  by Borrower or Guarantor  based on a  legitimate,
good faith  argument and Borrower or Guarantor have bonded or reserved
sufficient monies to satisfy such default or underlying claim.

(f)  Any final  judgment  shall be obtained  against  Borrower or Guarantor
that,  together  with  all  other  outstanding  unsatisfied  judgments
against  Borrower or  Guarantor  shall  exceed the sum of $100,000 and
shall  remain  unvacated,  unbonded or unstayed for a period of thirty
(30) days following the date of entry thereof,  unless such default or
the underlying claim is being contested by Borrower or Guarantor based
on a  legitimate,  good faith  argument and Borrower or Guarantor  has
bonded or  reserved  sufficient  monies to  satisfy  such  default  or
underlying claim.

(g)  Borrower  or  Guarantor  shall  cease to exist  (ii)  Guarantor  shall
attempt  to  revoke   Guarantor's   Guaranty   or   Guaranty   becomes
unenforceable  in  whole  or in part  for any  reason;  or  (iii)  any
bankruptcy,  insolvency or receivership proceedings,  or an assignment
for the benefit of  creditors,  shall be  commenced by Borrower or any
Guarantor  under any  federal  or state  law;  or (iv) if an order for
relief under any present or future  federal  bankruptcy act or similar
state or federal law shall be entered  against  Borrower or Guarantor,
or if a petition or answer  requesting  or proposing the entry of such

23
<PAGE>
order for relief or the  adjudication  of Borrower or  Guarantor  as a
debtor or a bankrupt or its or their  reorganization under any present
or future state or federal  bankruptcy  act or any similar  federal or
state  law shall be filed in any  court  and such  petition  or answer
shall not be  discharged  or denied  within  sixty (60) days after the
filing thereof or; (v) Borrower or Guarantor  shall become the subject
of  any  out-of-court   settlement  with   substantially  all  of  its
creditors;  or (vi)  Borrower  or  Guarantor  is  unable  or admits in
writing its inability to pay its debts as they mature.

(h)  There is a  material  adverse  change in the  financial  condition  of
Borrower or Guarantor, or in any collateral securing the Loan.

(i)  Borrower shall enter into any merger or consolidation transaction,  or
liquidate   or  dissolve   itself  (or  suffer  any   liquidation   or
dissolution),  or convey,  sell, lease,  transfer or otherwise dispose
of, in one transaction or a series of related  transactions,  all or a
substantial  part of its  property,  business,  or  assets,  except as
permitted  by this  Agreement or unless the prior  written  consent of
Lender is first obtained.

(j)  A  survey  shows  that the  Project  encroaches  upon  any  easements,
unvacated street, building or parking set-backs, or upon any adjoining
property to an extent deemed material by Lender.

(k)  The  construction of the Project is abandoned or shall be unreasonably
delayed or be discontinued for a period of forty-five (45) consecutive
calendar  days or such number of days as is deemed to be reasonable by
Lender  under  the  particular  circumstances  of the  delay,  in each
instance,  for reasons other than acts of God, fire,  storm,  strikes,
blackouts,  labor difficulties,  riots, inability to obtain materials,
equipment or labor,  governmental  restrictions  or any similar  cause
over that Borrower is unable to exercise control.

(l)  Lender shall  determine that  additional sums are to be deposited with
Lender to provide for the completion of the Project and Borrower shall
fail to deposit  such sums as  required  by said  SECTION  2.4 of this
Agreement.

(m)  Borrower has failed to inject additional equity or provide  additional
collateral as required under SECTION 7.20.

(n)  All or any portion of the Project or the  Mortgaged  Property,  or the
legal,  equitable  or any  other  interest  therein,  shall  be  sold,
transferred,  assigned,  leased  or  otherwise  disposed  of except as
permitted  by this  Agreement or unless the prior  written  consent of
Lender is first obtained.

(o)  At the time any Advance is  requested  by  Borrower,  the title to the
Mortgaged   Property  is  not  reasonably   satisfactory   to  Lender,
regardless of whether the lien,  encumbrance or other question existed
at the time of any prior Advance.

(p)  The Project is materially  damaged or destroyed by other  casualty and
the loss,  in the  reasonable  judgment of Lender,  is not  adequately
covered  by  insurance   actually  collected  or  in  the  process  of
collection.

24
<PAGE>
(q)  Borrower and the General  Contractor  shall fail to comlete the "Value
Engineering Changes" under Section 5.2.2 of the General Contract,  and
Borrower  shall  fail  to  deliver  an  executed  Sworn   Construction
Statement which reflects such "Value Engineering Changes",  within 120
days of the date hereof.

(r)  An Event of Default occurs under any of the Loan Documents.  Reference
is  hereby  made to the  Loan  Documents  for  additional  occurrences
constituting an Event of Default hereunder.

Section 5.2 RIGHTS AND REMEDIES. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default
Lender may,  at its option,  exercise  any and all of the  following  rights and
remedies (and any other rights and remedies available to it):

(a)  Lender may terminate the Commitment and any further obligation to fund
Advances hereunder.

(b)  Lender may, by written notice to Borrower, declare immediately due and
payable  all unpaid  principal  of and  accrued  interest on the Note,
together  with all other sums  payable  hereunder,  and the same shall
thereupon be immediately due and payable without  presentment or other
demand,  protest,  notice of dishonor or any other notice of any kind,
all of which are hereby expressly waived; provided, however, that upon
the filing of a petition  commencing  a case  naming  Borrower  and/or
Guarantor  as debtor  under the United  States  Bankruptcy  Code,  the
principal   of  and  all  accrued   interest  on  the  Note  shall  be
automatically  due and  payable  without  any  notice  to or demand on
Borrower or any other party.

(c)  Lender  shall  have the  right,  in  addition  to any  other  right of
set-off,  upon prior written notice to Borrower,  to apply any amounts
Borrower has  deposited  with Lender  against any sums due pursuant to
the Note and Mortgage.

(d)  In  addition  to and not in  lieu of all  other  rights  and  remedies
hereunder,  if Lender  has not  received,  within  10 days of  written
notice,  any  financial  information,  statement  and/or  certificate,
required to be furnished under the terms hereof or the Loan Documents,
Lender  shall have the right to assess a late fee in the amount of $25
per document, per day.

(e)  Lender shall have the right,  in addition to any other rights provided
by law or in equity, to enforce its rights and remedies under the Loan
Documents.

ARTICLE VI
MISCELLANEOUS

Section  6.1   INSPECTIONS.   Borrower  shall  be  responsible  for  making
inspections of the Project during the course of the  construction of the Project

25
<PAGE>
and shall determine to its own satisfaction  that the work done or the materials
supplied by the  Contractors  to whom  payment is to be made out of each Advance
has been properly done or supplied in accordance  with the applicable  contracts
with such Contractors. If any work or materials supplied by a Contractor are not
satisfactory to Borrower,  Borrower will immediately notify Lender in writing of
such fact.  It is  expressly  understood  and agreed that  Lender or  Inspecting
Engineer may conduct such  inspections  of the Project as Lender may  reasonably
deem  necessary  for the  protection  of  Lender's  interest,  and that any such
inspections  of the Project by Lender or  Inspecting  Engineer  will be made and
will be issued  solely  for the  benefit  and  protection  of  Lender,  and that
Borrower will not be entitled to rely thereon,  but shall  reimburse  Lender for
any out-of-pocket costs and expenses associated therewith.

Section 6.2  INDEMNIFICATION  BY  BORROWER.  Borrower  shall bear all loss,
expense (including reasonable attorneys' fees) and damage in connection with and
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Lender, its agents, servants and employees
for,  from and against  all claims,  demands  and  judgments  made or  recovered
against Lender, its agents, servants and employees,  because of bodily injuries,
including death, at any time resulting  therefrom,  and/or because of damages to
property of Lender or others  (including loss of use) from any cause whatsoever,
arising  out of,  incidental  to,  or in  connection  with  the  Project  or the
operation of the Mortgaged  Property,  whether or not due to any act of omission
or  commission,  including  negligence of Borrower or any Contractor or of their
employees,  servants or agents, except for Lender's gross negligence and willful
misconduct. Borrower's liability hereunder shall not be limited to the extent of
insurance  carried by or provided by Borrower or subject to any exclusions  from
coverage in any insurance policy. The obligations of Borrower under this SECTION
6.2 shall survive the repayment of the Note.  Whenever  Borrower is obligated to
indemnify or defend Lender under the terms of this  Agreement or under the terms
of any other Loan Document, such indemnity obligations shall run to the favor of
Lender   and  its   directors,   officers,   employees,   agents,   contractors,
subcontractors, licensees, invitees, successors and assigns.

Section 6.3 FEES. Borrower shall reimburse Lender upon demand for all costs
and expenses including without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, appraisal
fees (including  reasonable appraisal fees incurred by Lender under SECTION 6.20
of this Agreement),  survey fees, inspection fees, closing charges,  documentary
or tax stamps,  recording and filing fees,  Inspecting Engineer fees,  insurance
premiums and service charges,  paid or incurred by Lender in connection with (i)
the  preparation,  negotiation,  approval,  execution  and  delivery of the Loan
Documents,  and any other documents and  instruments  related hereto or thereto,
(ii) the negotiation of any amendments or  modifications to any of the foregoing
documents,  instruments  or  agreements  and  the  preparation  of any  and  all
documents  necessary or desirable to effect such  amendments  or  modifications,
(iii) the review and approval of documents  submitted to Lender  pursuant to any
of the  provisions  hereof  including  the  Draw  Requests  to be  submitted  in
accordance  with SECTION 2.2 hereof,  and (iv) the  enforcement by Lender during
the term  hereof  or  thereafter  of any of the  rights  or  remedies  of Lender
hereunder or under any of the foregoing documents,  instruments or agreements or
under  applicable  law,  including,  without  limitation,  reasonable  costs and
expenses of  collection of any amount due to Lender under the Note or any of the
Loan  Documents,  whether or not suit is filed with respect  thereto and whether
such costs are paid or incurred,  or to be paid or  incurred,  prior to or after
entry  of  judgment,  and  all  reasonable  costs  and  expenses  including  all

26
<PAGE>
reasonable  attorneys'  fees incurred by Lender as a result of the bankruptcy or
insolvency of Borrower.

Section 6.4  ADDRESSES  FOR NOTICES.  All notices and other  communications
provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including telegraphic communication)
and  mailed  or  delivered,   if  to  Borrower,   at  its  address:  c/o  Global
Entertainment  Corp., 4909 E McDowell Road, Suite 104, Phoenix,  AZ 85008; if to
Guarantor at its address:  4909 E McDowell Road, Suite 104,  Phoenix,  AZ 85008;
and  if to  Lender,  at  its  address:  225  South  Sixth  Street,  Suite  2900,
Minneapolis,  MN 55402, Attention:  Commercial Real Estate Department,  or as to
each  party,  at such other  address as shall be  designated  by such party in a
written notice to the other party.  All such notices and  communications  shall,
when mailed or delivered,  be effective when deposited in the mails or delivered
to Borrower, Guarantor or Lender, addressed as aforesaid.

Section 6.5  AMENDMENTS,  DETERMINATIONS  BY LENDER,  CONSENTS,  ETC.  This
Agreement and the Loan Documents may not be amended or modified,  nor may any of
their terms (including,  without limitation,  terms affecting the maturity of or
rate of  interest  on the  Note)  be  modified  or  waived,  except  by  written
instruments signed by Lender, Borrower and/or Guarantor,  as applicable.  In any
instance where the consent or approval of Lender may be given or is required, or
where any determination,  judgment or decision is to be rendered by Lender under
this Agreement or under any Loan Document,  the granting,  withholding or denial
of such consent or approval and the rendering of such determination, judgment or
decision  shall be made or exercised by Lender at its sole and exclusive  option
and in its sole and absolute discretion.

Section 6.6 TIME OF THE ESSENCE.  Time is of the essence in the performance
of this Agreement.

Section 6.7 WAIVERS.  No waiver by Lender of any right or remedy  hereunder
shall operate as a waiver of any other right or remedy,  or of the same right or
remedy on a future  occasion.  No delay on the part of Lender in exercising  any
right or remedy  hereunder  shall  operate  as a waiver  thereof,  nor shall any
single or  partial  exercise  of any right or  remedy  preclude  other or future
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or remedy.

Section 6.8 REMEDIES  CUMULATIVE.  The rights and remedies herein specified
of Lender are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies that Lender
would otherwise have at law or in equity or by statute.

Section 6.9 GOVERNING  LAW AND ENTIRE  AGREEMENT.  Borrower,  Guarantor and
Lender,  by their  execution  of this  Agreement,  expect and  intend  that this
Agreement be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Washington
and Borrower,  Guarantor and Lender consent to the  jurisdiction of the State of
Washington for all purposes.  The Loan Documents contain the entire agreement of
the parties on the matters covered herein and therein.

Section 6.10 COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original,
but such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument.

27
<PAGE>
Section 6.11 TERM.  This  Agreement,  and the terms and conditions  hereof,
shall survive the  execution  and delivery of the Note and other Loan  Documents
and shall  remain in full force and effect  until the Note is paid in full.  The
representations,  warranties, covenants and agreements of Borrower and Guarantor
survive the  execution  and delivery of the Note and other Loan  Documents,  and
where applicable, survive the repayment of the Note.

Section 6.12  SUCCESSORS  AND ASSIGNS.  This  Agreement,  and the terms and
provisions hereof,  shall be binding upon Borrower and Guarantor and each of its
respective  heirs,  successors  and  permitted  assigns,  and shall inure to the
benefit of Lender, its successors and assigns; provided,  however, that Borrower
may not transfer or assign this Agreement,  including,  without limitation,  its
right to borrow hereunder, without the prior written consent of Lender.

Section 6.13 OFFSETS.  As  additional  security for the payment of the Note
and the other  obligations  of Borrower  under this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents  and any  other  obligations  of  Borrower  to  Lender  of any  nature
whatsoever (collectively the "OBLIGATIONS"),  Borrower hereby grants to Lender a
security  interest  in, a lien on and an  express  contractual  right to set off
against all depository account balances, cash and any other property of Borrower
now or hereafter in the  possession of Lender.  Lender may, at any time upon the
occurrence  of  an  Event  of  Default  hereunder  (notwithstanding  any  notice
requirements  or  grace/cure  periods  under  this or other  agreements  between
Borrower  and Lender) set off  against the  Obligations  as are then due or have
been  accelerated,  all upon  contemporaneous  notice  or  demand of any kind to
Borrower.

Section 6.14 HEADINGS. The descriptive headings for the several Sections of
this Agreement are inserted for  convenience  only and shall not define or limit
any of the terms or provisions hereof.

Section 6.15 ACCOUNTING.  Unless otherwise  expressly  provided herein,  or
unless Lender  otherwise  consents in writing,  all accounting terms used herein
that are not  expressly  defined  in this  Agreement  shall  have  the  meanings
respectively  given to them in accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting
principles  and  all  financial  statements  and  reports  furnished  to  Lender
hereunder shall be prepared,  and all computations and  determinations  pursuant
hereto  shall  be  made,  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted   accounting
principles and practices, consistently applied.

Section 6.16 NOT JOINT VENTURER.  Lender is not, and shall not by reason of
any  provision  of any of the  Loan  Documents,  be or be  deemed  to be a joint
venturer with or partner or agent of Borrower.

Section 6.17 ADEQUACY OF LOAN  PROCEEDS.  Lender has not made, nor shall it
be deemed to have made, any representation or warranty that the Commitment is or
will be sufficient to complete the Project.

Section 6.18  PARTICIPATIONS.  Lender may, in its sole discretion,  sell in
whole  or in part,  assign  and  convey  to one or more  financial  institutions
undivided  participation interests in and to the Loan and the Loan Documents and
Borrower  hereby  consents  to the same,  and the  disclosure  of all  financial
information of Borrower necessary to effectuate the same.

28
<PAGE>
Section 6.19 RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER DOCUMENTS. The warranties, covenants and
other  obligations  of Borrower  and the rights and  remedies of Lender that are
outlined  in this  Agreement  and the  other  Loan  Documents  are  intended  to
supplement each other. In the event of any  inconsistencies  in any of the terms
in this Agreement and/or the Loan Documents, all terms shall be cumulative so as
to give Lender the most favorable rights set forth in the conflicting documents.

Section  6.20  REAPPRAISALS.  Lender  shall  have  the  right  (but not the
obligation)  to  obtain an update of the  existing  appraisal  of the  Mortgaged
Property or a new  appraisal of the  Mortgaged  Property for the sole benefit of
Lender  but at the  sole  cost and  expense  of  Borrower  under  the  following
circumstance:

(a)  If, for any reason  development of the Project is delayed by more than
forty-five  (45) days  beyond  the  development  schedule  Lender  may
obtain,  at the  Borrower's  expense,  one  or  more  new  or  updated
appraisals of the Project by an appraiser acceptable to Lender. If the
estimated  as-improved market value of the Project, as reported in the
new or  updated  appraisal,  results  in a  ratio  of  aggregate  Loan
advances to Project value that is greater than 98%, the Borrower shall
within 5 business  days of  Lender's  demand  inject  additional  cash
equity or provide additional collateral acceptable to Lender to reduce
such ratio to 98% or less.

In any such event,  Borrower  shall  fully  cooperate  with Lender and  Lender's
appraiser as may be necessary and shall allow Lender and/or  Lender's  appraiser
complete  access to the Mortgaged  Property for the purpose of  completing  such
appraisal of the Mortgaged Property.

Section 6.21 CONSTRUCTION  SIGNAGE.  To the extent permitted by law, during
construction,  Lender may place a sign on the Mortgaged Property specifying that
it is  participating  in the  financing  of the  Project.  Further,  Lender  may
publicize the financing and may include a general  description of the Project in
publicity releases.

IMPORTANT:  READ BEFORE SIGNING.  THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND ALL OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENTS  SHOULD BE READ  CAREFULLY  BECAUSE  ONLY THOSE  TERMS IN WRITING  ARE
ENFORCEABLE.  NO OTHER TERMS OR ORAL  PROMISES,  EXCEPT THOSE  CONTAINED IN THIS
AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS,  MAY BE LEGALLY ENFORCED. YOU MAY CHANGE
THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT ONLY BY ANOTHER WRITTEN AGREEMENT. THIS NOTICE SHALL
ALSO BE  EFFECTIVE  WITH RESPECT TO ALL OTHER  CREDIT  AGREEMENTS  NOW IN EFFECT
BETWEEN YOU AND LENDER.  A  MODIFICATION  OF ANY OTHER CREDIT  AGREEMENTS NOW IN
EFFECT BETWEEN YOU AND LENDER, WHICH OCCURS AFTER RECEIPT BY YOU OF THIS NOTICE,
MAY BE MADE ONLY BY ANOTHER WRITTEN INSTRUMENT. ORAL OR IMPLIED MODIFICATIONS TO
SUCH CREDIT AGREEMENTS ARE NOT ENFORCEABLE AND SHOULD NOT BE RELIED UPON.

29
<PAGE>
IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto have caused this  Agreement to be
duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written.

LENDER:

MARSHALL FINANCIAL GROUP, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company


By: /s/ Tim Ring
Name:  Tim Ring

Its: Authorized Signatory

BORROWER:

WENATCHEE EVENTS CENTER, LLC,
a Washington limited liability company


Name: /s/ J. Craig Johnson

Its: CFO

GUARANTOR:

GLOBAL ENTERTAINMENT
CORPORATION, a Nevada corporation


Name: /s/ J. Craig Johnson

Its: CFO


30

