









<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 10.12

CONSTRUCTION LOAN AGREEMENT


This Construction Loan Agreement, dated as of September 11, 1997, is
entered into by and among Inco Homes Corporation, a Delaware corporation
("Borrower"), and those persons and entities listed on Exhibit "A" attached
hereto  (collectively, "Lender").

SECTION 1:  DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS.

1.1  Defined Terms.  As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall
have the meanings set forth respectively after each:

"Actual Line Item Cost" means with respect to each line item in the
Approved Budget, the actual cost reasonably determined by Lender or Borrower to
be required to complete all matters included in such line item.

"Agreement" means this Construction Loan Agreement.

"Approved Budgets" means a projection of all Project Costs in the form of
Exhibit "B."

"Approved Line Item Cost" means with respect to each line item in the
Approved Budgets, the amount allocated to that line item under the Approved
Budgets.

"Architect" means C.S.A. Architects.

"Assignment of Architect's Contract and Improvement Plans" means the
Assignment of Architect's Contract and Improvement Plans executed by Borrower.

"Assignment of Permits, Licenses, Franchises and Authorizations" means the
Assignment of Permits, Licenses, Franchises and Authorizations executed by
Borrower.

"Assignment of Rents" means the assignment of rents contained in the Deed
of Trust.

"Borrower" means Inco Homes Corporation, a Delaware corporation.

"Business Day" means any Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday on
which banks in the State of Nevada are open for business.

"Change Order" means a change in the Improvement Plans or their
implementation.

"Completion of Construction" means: (i) the Improvements have been
constructed in accordance with the Improvement Plans and all applicable Laws,
(ii) a valid notice of completion has been filed for record in the County
Recorder's Office for the county in which the Property is located, (iii) all
inspections by Governmental Agencies have been completed, (iv) all necessary
<PAGE>

certificates and approvals have been obtained and (v) the period for filing
mechanics' and materialmen's liens has expired without any such liens having
been filed or recorded.

"Control Account" means the escrow account for the Control Account Funds
created, or to be created, and governed by the Control Account Escrow Agreement.

"Control Account Escrow Agreement" means the Control Account Escrow
Agreement and Security Agreement dated on or about the date hereof, among
Borrower, Lender and Disbursement Agent with respect to the Control Account.

"Control Account Funds" means the portion of the Loan Funds held in the
Control Account at any time, together with accrued interest thereon, any
additions thereto made pursuant to this Agreement or the Control Account Escrow
Agreement, and any and all investments and reinvestments of any such sums now or
hereafter made.

"Deed of Trust" means the Deed of Trust, Assignment of Rents, Security
Agreement and Fixture Filing of even date herewith, executed by Borrower in
favor of Lender with respect to the Property or portions thereof, either as
originally executed or as it may from time to time be supplemented, modified or
amended.

"Default Rate" shall have the meaning set forth in the Note.

"Designated Representative" means a person authorized by Borrower, with the
approval of Lender, to deliver Requests for Disbursements, certificates and
other documents and material to Lender pursuant to this Agreement.

"Disbursement" means each of the disbursements by Lender or Disbursement
Agent of the proceeds of the Loan or other funds (including the Control Account
Funds) pursuant to this Agreement.

"Disbursement Agent" means Builder's Control Service Company, or any other
escrow agent appointed by Lender pursuant to the Control Account Escrow
Agreement.

"Disbursement Schedule" means the schedule of requirements for
Disbursements attached hereto as Exhibit "C".

"Environmental Indemnity" means the Environmental and Accessibility
Indemnity Agreement executed by Borrower.

"Excess Cost" means, with respect to any line item in the Approved Budgets,
the amount, if any, by which the Actual Line Item Cost for such line item
exceeds the Approved Line Item Cost for such line item.

<PAGE>

"Financing Statements" means financing statements of even date herewith,
executed by Borrower in favor of Lender with respect to the Personal Property.

"Governmental Agency" means any governmental or quasi-governmental agency,
authority, board, bureau, commission, department, instrumentality or public
body, court, administrative tribunal or public utility.

"Improvement Plans" means the final, approved and initialed improvement
plans and specifications for the Project identified in Exhibit "D" and accepted
by Lender.

"Improvements" means the improvements to be constructed on the Property
pursuant to the Improvement Plans, including three (3) single-family model
homes.

"Laws" means, collectively, all federal, state and local laws, rules,
regulations, ordinances and codes.

"Loan" means the loan to be made by Lender to Borrower
pursuant to Section 3 hereof.

"Loan Documents" means, collectively, this Agreement, the Note, the
Security Documents, the Environmental Indemnity, the Project Assignments, in
each case either as originally executed or as the same may from time to time be
supplemented, modified or amended.

"Lot" or "Lots" means the single-family detached subdivision lots now or
hereafter shown on the Plat.

"Maturity Date" means the date which is twelve (12) months after the
Effective Date, as such is defined in Section 3.9 below.

"Mortgaged Property" means, collectively, the Property and the Personal
Property.

"Note" means the promissory note of even date herewith, in the original
principal amount of Four Hundred Thousand Dollars ($400,000.00), executed by
Borrower in favor of Lender to evidence the Loan, either as originally executed
or as it may from time to time be supplemented, modified or amended.

"NRS" means the Nevada Revised Statutes, as amended from time to time.

"Offsite Materials" means any materials to be used in connection with the
construction of the Improvements stored at a location other than the Property.

"Offsite Supplier" means a supplier of Offsite Materials.

<PAGE>

"Operation" means the operation of Borrower's business on the Property,
including the operation, sales, leasing, running and maintenance of the Property
and the Improvements.

"Overrun Account" means a noninterest-bearing account established with
Lender into which Borrower shall deposit the Excess Cost, if any, for each line
item of the Approved Budgets.

"Permitted Exceptions" means the matters identified in EXHIBIT "E" attached
hereto and made part hereof.

"Person" means any entity, whether an individual, trustee, corporation,
partnership, trust, unincorporated organization or otherwise.

"Personal Property" means all present and future personal property
(including the Project Documents) of Borrower of every kind and nature, whether
tangible or intangible, now or hereafter located at, upon or about the Property,
or used or to be used in connection with or relating or arising with respect to
the Property and/or the Project, including but not limited to the property
described in the Deed of Trust.

"Plat" means the subdivision map recorded or to be recorded on the Real
Property, together with any other Plat recorded on the Real Property.

"Project" means the project for the construction of the Improvements and
the development of the Property, as such exists at any time, in accordance with
the Improvement Plans.

"Project Assignments" means, collectively, the Assignment of Architect's
Contract and Improvement Plans and the Assignment of Permits, Licenses,
Franchises and Authorizations.

"Project Costs" means all costs of any nature whatsoever relating to the
Project.

"Project Documents" means, collectively, all agreements, documents,
instruments and materials of whatever kind or nature relating to the Project,
including but not limited to: (a) the Improvement Plans and all other plans,
specifications and drawings relating to the Project, (b) all approvals,
consents, licenses and permits issued, or to be issued, by any Governmental
Agency in connection with the Project, (c) the Architect's Contract, the
Construction Contract (if any), and all other agreements relating to the Project
between Borrower and any contractor, subcontractor of materials, and (d) any
take-out, refinancing or permanent loan commitment issued to Borrower with
respect to the Property.

"Property" means, collectively, the Real Property, the Improvements, and
any other buildings, structures, or improvements now or hereafter located on all
or any portion of the Real Property.

"Real Property" means the real property and interests in real property
described in EXHIBIT "F."

<PAGE>

"Request for Disbursement" means a written request for a Disbursement
signed by a Designated Representative on behalf of Borrower, in the form
approved by Lender and the Disbursement Agent.

"Security Agreement" means the security agreement contained herein and in
the Deed of Trust.

"Security Documents" means the Deed of Trust, the Control Account Escrow
Agreement, the Financing Statements and any other mortgage, deed of trust,
assignment of leases, security agreement or assignment executed to secure the
Note, either as originally executed or as they may from time to time be
supplemented, modified or amended.

"Title Company" means Fidelity National Title Company.

"Title Policy" means the policy of title insurance and endorsements thereto
required by this Agreement as a condition to the first Disbursement.

"Undisbursed Construction Funds" means, as of any time of determination,
sum of the undisbursed portion of the Loan Amount (i.e., that portion that has
never been advanced by Lender) and the Control Account Funds.

"Use" means ownership, use, development, construction, maintenance,
management, operation or  occupancy.

1.2  Use of Defined Terms.  Any defined term used in the plural shall
refer to all members of the relevant class, and any defined term used in the
singular shall refer to any number of the members of the relevant class. Any
reference to the Loan Documents and other instruments, documents and agreements
shall include such Loan Documents and other instruments, documents and
agreements as originally executed or as the same may be supplemented, modified
or amended.

1.3  Accounting Terms.  All accounting terms not specifically defined in
this Agreement shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data
required to be submitted by this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with,
generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis.

1.4  Exhibits.  All exhibits to this Agreement, either as now existing or
as the same may from time to time be supplemented, modified or amended, are
incorporated herein by this reference.

<PAGE>

SECTION 2:  RECITALS.

Borrower has applied to Lender for a Loan to finance the construction of
model homes on the Real Property.  Lender is willing to make the Loan to
Borrower on the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents.

SECTION 3:  THE LOAN.

3.1  Amount of the Loan.  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
this Agreement, Lender agrees to make a loan (the "Loan") to Borrower in a
principal amount of Four Hundred Thousand Dollars ($400,000.00) (the "Loan
Amount"), the disbursement of which by Lender is subject to the term and
conditions of the Loan Documents.

3.2  Disbursements.

(a)  Loan Advance.  When all of the conditions to the first
disbursement of Loan funds, as set forth in Section 4.1, have been satisfied to
Lender's satisfaction, Lender shall advance the Loan proceeds to Title Company.
The Title Company shall then disburse said proceeds in accordance with
instructions from Lender, with the balance of said funds to be disbursed to the
Disbursement Agent.

(b)  Construction Disbursements.  Except as otherwise provided herein,
the Loan funds shall be held, and all advances of Loan funds to Borrower for the
payment of Project Costs are to be made, by the Disbursement Agent in accordance
with this Agreement and the Control Account Escrow Agreement. The Disbursement
Agent, upon satisfaction of the requirements of the Disbursement Schedule, shall
then disburse such funds for the payment of such costs. The funds disbursed by
the Lender to the Disbursement Agent shall thereafter be deemed to be the
Control Account Funds. The proceeds of the Loan shall be used solely to pay or
reimburse Borrower for Project Costs described in the Approved Budgets and the
Disbursement Schedule. The total amount disbursed for each item of Project Cost
described in the Approved Budgets shall not exceed the applicable amounts set
forth in the Approved Budgets. If Borrower is not required to pay, for any
reason whatsoever, any amount earned by any contractor, subcontractor,
materialman, supplier or any other Person who has furnished labor, services,
equipment, or material to the Project, then Borrower shall not request a
Disbursement of the proceeds of the Loan for such amount until such time as
Borrower is required to pay such amounts.

(c)  Procedure for Disbursement.  Not later than 5:00 p.m., Pacific
Time, at least five (5) Business Days before a proposed Disbursement is to be
made, Disbursement Agent shall have received a Request for Disbursement which
shall indicate the amount of the Disbursement. Upon compliance with all of the
above-referenced conditions and the conditions set forth in Section 4 and the
Disbursement Schedule, Disbursement Agent shall make each Disbursement in the
manner provided herein on the date requested, provided that Lender may cause any
Disbursement to be made prior to such date if all conditions are satisfied.
Lender may, at its option and in its sole discretion,

<PAGE>

waive any such conditions as to any Disbursement, provided that any such waiver
shall not constitute a waiver of any such conditions as to any subsequent
Disbursements.

(d)  Lender's Obligation.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the execution of this Agreement
by Borrower shall, and hereby does, constitute an irrevocable direction and
authorization to so advance the funds to the Control Account. No further
direction or authorization from Borrower shall be necessary to warrant such
advance and such advance shall satisfy the obligations of Lender hereunder and
the amount thereof shall be, and continue to be, secured by the Deed of Trust
and the other Security Documents, regardless of the disposition of such funds by
Borrower or Contractor.

(e)  Excess Costs; Loan Balancing.  As a material condition of the
Loan and a condition precedent to Disbursement Agent's duty to disburse the
Control Accounts Funds, Borrower shall pay all Project Costs in excess of the
line-item amounts shown in the Approved Budgets. Except for the payment of
expenses, charges, costs and fees pursuant to Section 6.14 and 8.11 hereof,
Lender shall allow the Disbursement Agent to disburse proceeds of the Loan only
when the Loan is "in balance". The Loan shall be "in balance" only at such times
as Borrower has invested sufficient funds toward the payment of Project Costs so
that, in Lender's sole judgement, the remaining Control Account Funds shall be
sufficient to fully complete and operate the Project and pay all Project Costs
until repayment of the Loan. The determination as to whether or not the Loan is
"in balance" may be made by Lender at any time, including with each request for
a disbursement of the Loan. Borrower shall, within five days after notice from
Lender that the Loan is not "in balance" deposit with Lender, in cash, the
amount necessary to put the Loan "in balance." Any amounts which are deposited
with by Borrower to put the Loan "in balance" shall be the next funds disbursed
by Disbursement Agent, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

(f)  Reserves.  Anything contained herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, at any time Borrower is in default hereunder, Lender may, at
its option, direct the Disbursement Agent to establish reserves from the
undisbursed portion of the Control Account Funds in such amounts which, in
Lender's sole discretion, are necessary to complete the Improvements and
sufficient to pay or satisfy or comply with, in whole or in part, (i) any lien
or claim relating to, or prejudicial to, the liens or security interests of
Lender, (ii) any expenditure or allocation of funds shown on the approved
budget, and (iii) interest yet to accrue on the Loan prior to the Maturity Date.
The aggregate amount of any such reserves shall be deducted from the Control
Account Funds otherwise available for advance in accordance with the Control
Account Escrow Agreement.

3.3  Approved Budgets.

(a)  Budget Approval.  Borrower's initial budgets for the development
and construction of the Improvements are attached hereto as Exhibit "B."
Borrower represents and warrants that the Approved Budgets for the development
of the Lot improvements and for each floor plan to be constructed by Borrower is
based on information deemed reliable by Borrower and represents Borrower's best
estimate of all required Project Costs. Unless Lender otherwise consents

<PAGE>

in writing, Borrower shall not supplement, modify or amend the Approved Budgets.
During the term of the Loan Borrower my submit revised budgets to Lender for
approval, in Lender's sole discretion. The Disbursement Agent shall disburse the
Control Account Funds to Borrower in strict accordance with the Approved
Budgets. In the event that a disbursement is requested which is in excess of the
line-item therefor in the Approved Budget, as then in existence, then such
excess payment shall be made only in accordance with Section 6.7 hereof.

(b)  Reallocation of Cost Savings.  With the approval of Lender on
each occasion, Borrower may reallocate amounts from line-items in which it will
have a cost savings to the "Contingency" line-item of the Approved Budgets. Said
funds may then be used as provided in Section 6.7 hereof.

3.4  Repayment of the Loan.  The Loan shall be evidenced by the Note,
shall bear interest at the rate set forth in the Note, and shall be repaid in
accordance with the terms of the Note. The principal balance outstanding under
the Note, and all accrued and unpaid interest not sooner paid when due under the
Note, and all other indebtedness and obligations of Borrower owing under any and
all of the Loan Documents shall be due and payable in full on the Maturity Date.

3.5  Prepayment.  At any time prior to the Maturity Date,  Borrower may
prepay this Note, in full or in part.

3.6  Partial Releases of Lots.  So long as no Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing, Lender shall release individual or multiple Lots
from the lien and operation of the Deed of Trust upon satisfaction in Lender's
sole discretion of the following requirements:

(i)  the payment to Lender, from the home sale escrow, of the "Net
Sale Proceeds" (as defined below) received from the sale of such Lot or Lots,
subject to the following minimums:

Plan 2               $128,000.00
Plan 3               $138,000.00
Plan 4               $147,000.00

(ii)  the progress of construction on the project is on schedule, and
construction has, to date, passed architectural inspections and there exists no
material cost overruns; and

(iii)  Borrower pays all costs and expenses in connection with such
release and reconveyance.

As used herein, "Net Sale Proceeds" shall equal the total proceeds to be
received by Borrower from the sale, less: (a) customary closing costs and title
fees payable by Borrower; and (b) real estate

<PAGE>

commissions payable by Borrower, provided that sales commissions payable to any
real estate company affiliated with Borrower shall not exceed 1.5% of the gross
sales price.

3.7  Lot Sales Prices and Sales Escrow.  Upon request by Lender, Borrower
shall furnish to Lender copies of all of its instructions to escrow regarding
each sale for one or more Lots. Borrower shall also provide to Lender copies of
the escrow settlement statements regarding each such sale which statements shall
be certified by the escrow agent to be true and correct. Borrower's instruction
to each such escrow shall provide that Lender's funds shall be segregated and
deposited in interest-bearing accounts until disbursed to the Control Account.

3.8  Security.  The indebtedness evidenced by the Note, and all other
indebtedness and obligations of Borrower under the Loan Documents, shall be
secured by the Security Documents.  The Environmental Indemnity and the
obligations of Borrower thereunder shall be unsecured.

3.9  Effective Date.  Borrower and Lender agree that the date of the Loan
Documents is for reference purposes only and the effective date ("Effective
Date") of the delivery and the transfer to Lender of the security under the Loan
Documents and of Borrower's and Lender's obligations under the Loan Documents is
the date of recordation of the Deed of Trust in the office of the County
Recorder of the county where the Property is located.


SECTION 4:  CONDITIONS TO DISBURSEMENTS.

4.1  First Disbursement.  The obligation of Lender to make the first
Disbursement is subject to the following conditions precedent:

(a) Borrower shall, at its sole expense, deliver or cause to be
delivered to Lender, in form and substance satisfactory to Lender:

(i)  the original Note;

(ii)  the original Deed of Trust;

(iii)  the original Financing Statement;

(iv)  the original Environmental Indemnity;

(v)  the original Assignment of Architect's Contract and
Improvement Plans executed by the Borrower;

(vi)  the original Control Account Escrow Agreement, executed by
Borrower, Lender and Disbursement Agent.

<PAGE>

(vii)  the original Assignment of Permits, Licenses, Franchises and
Authorizations executed by Borrower;

(viii)  a certificate of corporate consent of Borrower, authorizing
the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to be executed by
a specified authorized officer on behalf of Borrower;

(ix)  an ALTA form of extended coverage lender's policy of title
insurance, or evidence of a commitment therefor, issued by an insurer
satisfactory to Lender, together with such endorsements and binders thereto as
may be required by Lender pursuant to Section 6.16 hereof, in a policy amount of
not less than the face amount of the Note, insuring the Deed of Trust to be a
valid lien upon the Property, and showing the Property to be subject only to the
Permitted Exceptions;

(x)  a copy of the Subdivision Map(s) applicable to the Project or
that portion thereof currently being processed;

(xi)  an appraisal of the Real Property certified to Lender,
performed by an appraiser acceptable to Lender;

(xii)  certified copies of, or certificate evidencing, all insurance
policies required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement;

(xiii)  copies of all permits and approvals by Governmental Agencies
necessary to construct the Improvements (if available);

(xiv)  current Financial Statements of Borrower;

(xv)  evidence, in form and substance acceptable to Lender, of the
availability and sufficiency of all utilities to the Project;

(xvi)  copies of any proposed, or approved final Covenants,
Conditions and Restrictions recorded or to be recorded on the Project;

(xvii)  a Phase I Hazardous Waste Survey, prepared by an entity
approved by Lender, in form and substance acceptable to, and approved by,
Lender;

(xviii)  such additional agreements, certificates, reports, approvals,
instruments, documents, financing statements, consent and opinions as Lender may
request; including, without limitation, a soils report for the Real Property
(including, without limitation, all determinations required by Lender with
respect to hazardous waste (as such term is defined in the Environmental
Indemnities) and water located on the Real Property);

<PAGE>

(b)  Lender shall have reviewed and approved the Permitted
Exceptions;

(c)  the Deed of Trust shall have been recorded in the Official
Records of the county in which the Property is located as a first priority lien
on the Real Property; and

(d)  the Financing Statement shall have been filed for record with
the California Secretary of State.

4.2  Any Disbursement.  The obligation of Lender to make any Disbursement
(including without limitation the first Disbursement)  is subject to the terms
and conditions of the Disbursement Schedule and, in addition, the following
conditions precedent:

(a)  the representations and warranties of Borrower contained in all
of the Loan Documents shall be correct on and as of the date of the Disbursement
as though made on and as of that date and no Event of Default (or event which,
with the giving of notice and/or the passage of time, could become an Event of
Default) shall have occurred and be continuing;

(b)  Borrower shall have received (i) valid and enforceable partial
or complete lien releases or waivers, as may be appropriate, from all Persons
who have furnished labor, services, equipment or material to the Project
accompanied by a written accounting signed by such Persons showing all amounts
owed to such Persons, except that Borrower shall not be required to pay any
claim for labor, service, equipment or material that is being contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings as long as no claim of lien has been recorded
or, if a claim of lien has been recorded, within ten (10) days thereafter
Borrower either has obtained and recorded a surety bond, in form and substance
satisfactory to Lender, sufficient to release the Property from the lien or from
any action brought to foreclose the lien or has caused the title insurer who has
issued the Title Policy to issue, in form and substance satisfactory to Lender,
an indorsement to the policy insuring the priority of the lien of the Deed of
Trust over the claim of lien, and (ii) an invoice or receipt with respect to
each payment made on account of labor, service, equipment or material furnished
to the Project in sufficient detail so that the particular nature of the labor,
service, equipment or material may be identified;

(c)  the construction of the Improvements shall be in all respects in
conformity with the Improvement Plans and all applicable Laws and other
requirements;

(d)  copies of all permits and approvals by Governmental Agencies
necessary to construct the Improvements that have been obtained as of the date
of the Lender's request therefor;

(e)  Borrower shall, at its sole expense, deliver or cause to be
delivered to Lender, in form and substance satisfactory to Lender:

(i)  from the title insurer who has issued the Title Policy,
such endorsements, binders or modifications thereto as Lender may require;

<PAGE>

(ii)  a Request for Disbursement, certifying the matters set
forth in Sections 4.2(a), 4.2(b) and 4.2(c) above;

(iii)  (A) an itemization of the amounts requested and/or of all
amounts previously expended in connection with each Unit, in either case
identified to the corresponding item in the Approved Budgets, and, if demanded
by Lender, (B) a certificate signed by the Architect and/or the Contractor
verifying the matters set forth in Sections 4.2(b) and 4.2(c); and

(iv)  such additional agreements, certificates, reports,
approvals, instruments, documents, consents or opinions as Lender may reasonably
request;

(f)  Lender is reasonably satisfied, based upon periodic inspections
and such other information as Lender deems relevant, that (i) the progress of
construction of the Improvements is as represented by Borrower, and (ii)
construction of the Improvements is in conformity with the Improvement Plans and
all applicable Laws and other requirements;

(g)  a final Subdivision Map has been recorded on the portion of the
Project for which Disbursement is requested; and

(h)  all conditions to the making of the first Disbursement shall
have been satisfied, and Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any of these
conditions even though one or more Disbursements may have been made prior to the
satisfaction of all such conditions.

4.3  Final Disbursement of Hard Costs.  With respect to each line item of
the Approved Budgets which is subject to retention of Loan funds as set forth in
the Disbursement Schedule, the obligation of Lender to make the final
Disbursement with respect to any Unit is subject to Lender receiving
satisfactory evidence that the following conditions precedent have been
satisfied:

(a)  The Improvements to be constructed on each Unit shall have been
completed in accordance with the Improvement Plans and all applicable permits,
Laws, ordinances, regulations and other requirements of all Governmental
Agencies and public utility companies, and Borrower and Contractor shall deliver
to Lender a certificate to this effect;

(b)  Borrower shall, at its sole expense, deliver or cause to be
delivered to Lender an endorsement to Lender's ALTA form extended coverage
lender's policy of title insurance, or evidence of a commitment therefor
satisfactory to Lender, in form and substance and issued by an insurer
satisfactory to Lender, insuring the Deed of Trust to be a valid first position
lien upon the Property, and showing the Property to be subject only to the
Permitted Exceptions and such other exceptions as shall have been approved in
writing by Lender pursuant to this Agreement (the "Endorsement");

<PAGE>

(c)  If demanded by Lender, and required by Title Company, Borrower
shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Lender a copy of the ALTA survey
prepared by Borrower, at Borrower's sole expense, if such is required by the
title insurer in connection with the issuance of the Endorsement, which survey
shall be satisfactory to Lender and shall (i) show compliance of the Project
with any and all setbacks and other restrictions applicable to the Property
pursuant to the requirements of any Governmental Agency or any applicable
covenants, conditions or other private restrictions, (ii) show all easements,
licenses and other rights of way, (iii) show no encroachments onto the Property
or from the Property onto adjoining property, and (iv) certify the legal
description of the Property as insured in the Endorsement;

(d)  Any portion of the Improvements requiring inspection or
certification by municipal or other Governmental Agencies shall have been
inspected and certified as complete and all other necessary permits, approvals
and certificates, including but not limited to a certificate of occupancy, shall
have been duly issued;
and

(e)  All conditions for "Completion of Construction," as defined in
Section 1.1, shall have been satisfied;

(f)  Borrower shall have delivered to Lender a list of all of the
Personal Property (including supplies and inventory to be used in the operation
of the Property), providing a general description of such Property, together
with all other information reasonably required by Lender;

(g)  Borrower shall deliver to Lender a copy of the any recorded
covenants, conditions and restrictions, in a form previously approved by Lender;
and

(h)  Borrower shall deliver to Lender such instruments and documents
as Lender may require, including without limitation supplemental security
agreements and form UCC-l and/or UCC-2 financing statements, in order to extend
or perfect Lender's first priority security interest in and to the Personal
Property, together with evidence satisfactory to Lender that all such Personal
Property has been paid for in full by Borrower and is owned by Borrower, and
that Lender's security interest in and to such Personal Property is a valid
first priority security interest;

Provided that, notwithstanding the satisfaction of the conditions in this
Section 4.3, Lender may withhold the final Disbursement until the expiration of
forty-five (45) days after the recordation of a valid notice of completion (or,
if no notice of completion is recorded, ninety-five (95) days after actual
completion) to assure that there can be no claims for mechanics' or
materialmen's liens against the Property with respect to the construction of the
Improvements, or until Lender receives assurance satisfactory to it that there
are and will be no such liens (Lender agrees that a CLTA Form 101.2 indorsement
to the Title Policy, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lender,
shall satisfy this requirement).

4.4  Cost Overruns.  In the event that, for any reason, the actual cost
reasonably determined by Lender or Borrower to be required to assure completion
of all matters included in any

<PAGE>

line item in the Approved Budgets exceeds the amount allocated to such line
item, Lender shall have no obligation to make further Disbursements until
Borrower has paid or otherwise provided for the overrun as required under
Section 6.7(c). Amounts deposited by Borrower in the Overrun Account for any
line item shall be held by Lender as collateral and disbursed by Lender prior to
the disbursement of any remaining Loan proceeds for such line item; provided,
however, that Lender shall have no obligation to Borrower to supervise or
otherwise see to the proper application of such amounts following disbursement.

4.5  Offsite Materials.  In the event that any Disbursement Request
includes the cost of Offsite Materials, such Disbursement Request shall include
each of the following:

(a)  evidence that Borrower has paid for the Offsite Materials;

(b)  if the Offsite Materials are stored at the facility of an
Offsite Supplier, a written statement from the Offsite Supplier that the Offsite
Materials have been paid for by Borrower, have been segregated from other
materials in the facility and have been marked with Borrower's name. Such
statement shall also acknowledge (i) Lender's right to enter the facility at
reasonable times to inspect or remove the Offsite Materials and (ii) Lender's
first priority security interest in the Offsite Materials;

(c)  if the Offsite Materials are stored in a place other than the
facility of the Offsite Supplier, a written statement from the bailee or other
custodian acknowledging (i) Lender's right to enter the storage site at
reasonable times to inspect or remove the Offsite Materials and (ii) Lender's
first priority security interest in the Offsite Materials;

(d)  certificates of insurance showing the Offsite Materials to be
insured as required hereunder and showing Lender as co-insured; and

(e)  evidence that Borrower has paid all personal property taxes
applicable to the Offsite Materials.

Lender shall not be required to make Disbursements for any Offsite
Materials until Lender has inspected and approved such Offsite Materials.


SECTION 5:  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY BORROWER.

5.1  Formation, Qualification and Powers of Borrower.  Borrower is a
corporation duly formed and validly existing under the laws of the State of
Delaware and has all requisite power and authority to conduct its business, to
own its properties, and to execute, deliver and perform all of its obligations
under the Loan Documents.

<PAGE>

5.2  Authority and Compliance with Instruments and Government Regulations.
The execution, delivery and performance by Borrower of all of its obligations
under each Loan Document have been duly authorized by all necessary action and
do not and will not:

(a)  require any consent or approval not heretofore obtained of any
Person holding any security or interest or entitled to receive any security or
interest in Borrower;

(b)  violate any provision of any corporation document or certificate
of Borrower;

(c)  result in or require the creation or imposition of any mortgage,
deed of trust, pledge, lien, security interest, claim, charge, right of others
or other encumbrance of any nature, other than under the Loan Documents, upon or
with respect to any property now owned or leased or hereafter acquired by
Borrower;

(d)  violate any provision of any Law, order, writ, judgment,
injunction, decree, determination or award presently in effect having
applicability to Borrower;

(e)  result in a breach of or constitute a default under, cause or
permit the acceleration of any obligation owed under, or require any consent
under, any indenture or loan or credit agreement or any other agreement, lease
or instrument to which Borrower is a party or by which Borrower or any property
of Borrower, is bound or affected; and Borrower is not in default in any respect
that is materially adverse to the interest of Lender or that would have any
material adverse effect on the financial condition of Borrower or the conduct of
its business under any Law, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree,
determination, award, indenture, agreement, lease or instrument described in
Sections 5.2(d) and 5.2(e).

5.3  No Governmental Approvals Required.  No authorization, consent,
approval, order, license, exemption from, or filing, registration or
qualification with, any Governmental Agency is or will be required to authorize,
or is otherwise required in connection with:

(a)  the execution and delivery by Borrower of, and the performance
by Borrower of the Loan Documents; or

(b)  the creation of the liens, security interests or other charges or
encumbrances described in the Security Documents; except that filing and/or
recording may be required to perfect Lender's interest under the Security
Documents.

5.4  Binding Obligations.  The Loan Documents, when executed and delivered,
will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of Borrower enforceable
against them in accordance with their terms.

<PAGE>

5.5  Financial Statements.  Borrower has furnished to Lender a copy of
recent financial statements relating to Borrower's financial condition and
Borrower represents and warrants to Lender that such financial statements
present fairly the financial position of Borrower as at the date thereof.

5.6  No Material Adverse Change.  Borrower represents and warrants to
Lender that there has been no material adverse change in the condition,
financial or otherwise of Borrower since the date of the financial statements
described in Section 5.5; since that date, Borrower has not entered into any
material transaction not disclosed in such financial statements; Borrower has no
material liabilities or contingent liabilities not reflected or disclosed in
such financial statements; and there are no material mortgages, deeds of trust,
pledges, liens, security interests, claims, charges, right of others or
encumbrances (including liens or retained security titles of conditional
vendors) of any nature whatsoever on any property of Borrower, and no material
indebtedness, not disclosed in such financial statements.

5.7  Tax Liability.  Borrower has filed all tax returns (federal, state and
local) required to be filed and have paid all taxes shown thereon to be due and
all property taxes due, including interest and penalties, if any.  Borrower has
established and is maintaining adequate reserves for tax liabilities, if any.

5.8  Compliance with Laws.  Borrower is in compliance in all material
respects with all Laws and other requirements applicable to its business and has
obtained all authorizations, consents, approvals, order, licenses and exemptions
from, and has accomplished all filings, registrations or qualifications with,
any Governmental Agency that is necessary for the transaction of its business.

5.9  Compliance with Requirements.  Before requesting any Disbursement with
respect to any Phase of Construction, Borrower shall have complied with all
applicable covenants, conditions and restrictions, Laws and other requirements
relating to that Phase of Construction, and all necessary approvals, consents,
licenses and permits of any Governmental Agency have been regularly and finally
received with respect thereto, including without limitation each of the
following as applicable:

(a)  all zoning, land use and planning requirements;

(b)  subdivision and/or parcel map requirements, including without
limitation requirements of applicable Law regarding subdivisions, parcel maps
and the division of land into lots or parcels;

(c)  environmental requirements and preparation and approval of any
necessary environmental impact statements or reports;

(d)  all requirements regarding the provision of all necessary
utilities to the Real Property including the irrevocable allocation to the
Property of sufficient domestic and fire protection water service to the
Property;

<PAGE>

(e)  all requirements imposed by any public utility in connection
with the supply of utilities to the Property; and

(f)  all requirements imposed in connection with any approval,
consent, license or permit issued or required by any Governmental Agency in
connection with the Project.

5.10  Litigation.  There are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or
threatened against or affecting Borrower or any property of Borrower before any
court or Governmental Agency that would have a material adverse affect on the
Mortgaged Property, the Property, or Borrower's ability to perform its
obligations under the Loan Documents.

5.11  Title to Property.  Borrower has good and merchantable title to all
of its property and assets as disclosed in the financial information provided
Lender and at the time of the recordation of the Security Documents shall have
good and merchantable title to the Mortgaged Property, and there shall be no
mortgages, liens, pledges or other encumbrances of any character on the
Mortgaged Property, other than the Security Documents and Permitted Exceptions,
without prior consent of Lenders.

SECTION 6:  AFFIRMATIVE AND NEGATIVE COVENANTS.

Until payment of the Note in full and performance of all obligations of
Borrower under the Loan Documents, unless Lender otherwise consent in writing:

6.1  Completion of Improvements.  Borrower shall proceed with all due
diligence to comply with the requirements set for in Section 5.9 above and to
commence construction of the Improvements.  Borrower shall diligently proceed
with construction of the Improvements.  In any event, Borrower shall complete
construction of the Improvements on each home (as "Completion of Construction"
is defined in Section 1.1) within 120 days after the commencement of
construction of the Improvement on such home.

6.2  Conformity with Improvement Plans and Other Requirements.  Borrower
agrees to construct the Improvements in conformity with the Improvement Plans
and in conformity with all applicable Laws and other requirements, and in a good
and workmanlike manner with materials of good quality.  If at any time
construction of the Improvements is not in conformity with the foregoing,
Borrower shall promptly give notice thereof to Lender, and Lender shall have the
right to stop construction and order repair or reconstruction in accordance with
the same and to withhold all further Disbursements until construction is in
satisfactory compliance therewith.  Upon notice from Lender to Borrower, or
Borrower's discovery irrespective of such notice, that construction of the
Improvements is not in conformity with the Improvement Plans or is not in
conformity with all applicable Laws and other requirements or is not in a good
and workmanlike manner with materials of good quality, Borrower shall commence
correcting the deviation as promptly as practical and in any event within
fifteen (15) calendar days after such notice or discovery and shall prosecute
such work diligently to completion, which in no event shall be later than forty-
five (45) calendar days after

<PAGE>

such notice or discovery. If Lender determines that the corrective work is not
proceeding satisfactorily, Lender may, upon not less than fifteen (15) calendar
days' notice to Borrower, take over such corrective work itself and prosecute it
to completion at Borrower's expense.

6.3  Encroachments.  Borrower agrees that the Improvements shall be
constructed entirely on the Property and will not encroach upon or overhang any
lot line or boundary easement or right-of-way nor encroach upon the land of
others.

6.4  Compliance with Requirements.  Borrower shall comply with all
conditions, covenants, restrictions, leases, easements, reservations, rights and
rights-of-way and all applicable Laws and other requirements relating to the
Property and the Project, and obtain all necessary approvals, consents, licenses
and permits of any Governmental Agency, including without limitation those set
forth in Section 5.9.

6.5  Completion of Offsite Improvements.  Borrower represents and agrees
that all streets and offsite improvements adjacent to and serving the Property
have been or shall be completed; and all utility services necessary for the
construction of the Improvements and the full utilization of the Property for
its intended purpose, including water, sewer, gas, electric and telephone, have
been or shall be completed and are available to the perimeter of the Property.

6.6  Change Orders.  All Change Orders:

(a) shall be in writing, numbered in sequence, and signed by Borrower;

(b) shall be certified by Borrower, the Architect, and/or the
Contractor to be in compliance with all applicable Laws and other requirements;

(c) shall contain an estimate by Borrower of the increase or decrease
in Project Costs that would be caused by the change (or, if the Change Order
involves both changes increasing and decreasing estimated Project Costs, both
the amount of the increase and the decrease shall be stated), as well as the
aggregate amount of changes in estimated Project Costs, both increases and
decreases, previously made;

(d) shall be submitted to Lender prior to the proposed effectiveness
thereof if Lender shall at any time in the future request that Change Orders be
submitted to Lender in advance; and

(e) shall be subject to the prior written approval of Lender where (i)
the increase or decrease in any item of Project Cost set forth in the Approved
Budgets that would be caused by each change or related change is equal to or
exceeds the sum of $10,000.00 or (ii) Change Orders not previously approved
involve an aggregate amount, including both increases and decreases, of over
$30,000.00.

<PAGE>

(f) shall contain a certification by Borrower and Contractor stating
the aggregate amount, including both increases and decreases, of all changes in
Project Costs reflected in Change Orders for which Lender's written approval has
not been obtained or has not been required hereunder.

If any Change Order requires Lender's approval pursuant to subsection (e)
of this Section and involves a net increase in estimated Project Costs, Lender
shall have no obligation to make any further Disbursements until Borrower shall
have furnished to Lender evidence, in form and substance satisfactory to Lender,
of the availability of funds in the Approved Budgets or as a result of the
payment by Borrower from Borrower's own funds of Project Costs thereafter
accruing in the total amount of such net increase.

6.7  Deficiency in Proceeds; Overruns.

(a)  Borrower agrees to promptly notify Lender of any fact or
circumstance that may render the Approved Budgets inaccurate with respect to any
Project Costs reflected therein.

(b)  If at any time (including without limitation any time after the
occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default) Lender
determines, in its discretion, that any Project Costs have exceeded or may
exceed the amounts budgeted for such Project Costs in the Approved Budgets or
that the Undisbursed Construction Funds are or may be insufficient to pay for
the costs of completion of the Project and other costs and expenses, then Lender
may, at its option, terminate further Disbursements until Borrower pays from its
own funds Project Costs then unpaid or thereafter accruing in an amount deemed
necessary by Lender and furnishes to Lender evidence, in form and substance
satisfactory by Lender, of such payment. Borrower shall, upon demand by Lender,
deposit such amount into an account with Lender, in which case such amount shall
be disbursed by Lender prior to the disbursement of any remaining proceeds of
the Loan.

(c)  In the event that, for any reason, the Actual Line Item Cost for
any line item in the Approved Budgets exceeds the Approved Line Item Cost for
that line item, Borrower shall, within 14 days after it learns (or receives
notice from Lender) of the overrun, do one or more of the following:

(i)  provide satisfactory evidence to Lender that Borrower has
paid the amount of the Excess Cost for such line item from sources other than
the Loan;

(ii)  reallocate sufficient funds to such line item from funds
(if any) allocated to "Contingency" in the Approved Budgets; provided, however,
that Lender's consent to any such reallocation shall be required unless the
reallocated funds were originally transferred to "Contingency" from cost savings
pursuant to Section 3.3(b); or

(iii)  deposit an amount equal to the Excess Costs for such line
item into the Overrun Account, to be disbursed in accordance with Section 4.4.

<PAGE>

6.8  Construction Information.  Upon demand by Lender, Borrower shall
promptly deliver to Lender not more frequently than monthly a report in form and
substance satisfactory to Lender, certified as correct by Borrower, setting
forth all accrued Project Costs, all Project Costs projected to complete the
Project, any variance between actual and projected Project Costs and the amounts
set forth in the Approved Budgets, and all changes from the previous report
which are known or reasonably anticipated by Borrower.

6.9  Subcontractors.  Upon demand by Lender, Lender shall have the right to
reasonably approve all contractors and subcontractors employed in connection
with the construction of the Improvements.  All such contractors and
subcontractors shall be licensed and bonded as required by the State of
California.  Borrower shall deliver to Lender correct lists of all such
contractors and subcontractors.  Borrower shall deliver a copy of each such list
to Lender prior to the first disbursement for any item of "Hard Costs" (as that
term is defined in the Disbursement Schedule) and, thereafter, within twenty
(20) calendar days of a change to any list, Borrower shall deliver an amended
list correctly reflecting such change.  Each such list shall show the name,
address and telephone number of each such contractor or subcontractor, a general
statement of the nature of the work to be done, the labor and materials to be
supplied, the name of materialmen, if known, the approximate dollar value of
such labor, work and materials itemized with respect to each contractor,
subcontractor and materialman, and the unpaid portion and status of such work or
whether such materials have been delivered.  Lender and its agents shall have
the right, without either the obligation or the duty, to directly contact each
contractor, subcontractor and materialman to verify the facts disclosed by such
list, and in so doing Lender or its agent shall not represent itself as the
agent of Borrower.

6.10  Permits and Warranties.  Borrower shall deliver to Lender originals
or copies of: (a) all permits and authorizations required in connection with the
construction of the Improvements or the operation or occupation of the Property
or any part thereof promptly upon issuance, and in any event before any act is
done which requires the issuance of the respective permit or authorization, and
(b) all warranties and guaranties received from any Person furnishing labor,
material, equipment, fixtures or furnishings in connection with the Project or
the Property.

6.11  Protection Against Liens and Claims.

(a)  Borrower agrees to diligently file or procure the filing of a
valid notice of completion upon completion of construction of the Improvements,
diligently file or procure the filing of a notice of cessation upon the event of
a cessation of labor on the work of construction on the Improvements for a
continuous period of thirty (30) calendar days or more, and take all other
reasonable steps to forestall the assertion of claims of lien against the
Project or the Property or any part thereof. Borrower irrevocably appoints,
designates and authorizes Lender as its agent, said agency being coupled with an
interest, with the authority upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of
Default, but without any obligation, to file for record any notices of
completion, cessation of labor, or any similar or other notices that Lender
deems necessary or desirable to protect its interests hereunder or under the
other Loan Documents.

<PAGE>

(b)  Upon demand by Lender, Borrower agrees to make such demands or
claims as Lender shall specify upon any or all Persons who have furnished labor,
service, equipment or material to the Project. Borrower agrees to pay and obtain
valid and enforceable lien-releases or waivers from all Persons who have
furnished labor, service, equipment or material to the Project, except that
Borrower shall not be required to pay any claim for labor, service, equipment or
material that is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings as
long as no claim of lien has been recorded or, if a claim of lien has been
recorded, within ten (10) calendar days thereafter, Borrower either has obtained
and recorded a surety bond, in form and substance satisfactory to Lender,
sufficient to release the Property from the lien and from any action brought to
foreclose the lien or has cause the title insurer who has issued the Title
Policy to issue, in form and substance satisfactory to Lender, an indorsement to
the Title Policy insuring the priority of the lien of the Deed of Trust over the
claim of lien.

(c)  In the event that any claim is asserted against Lender or the
Undisbursed Construction Funds by any Person furnishing labor, service,
equipment or material to the Project, Borrower shall, upon demand by Lender,
take such action as Lender may require to release Lender and the Undisbursed
Construction Funds from any obligation or liability with respect to such claim,
including without limitation (i) if the claim is being contested in good faith
by appropriate proceedings, obtaining of a bond or other security, in form,
substance and amount satisfactory to Lender, or (ii) payment of such claim. If
Borrower fails to take such action, Lender may, in its sole discretion, file an
interpleader action requiring all claimants to interplead and litigate their
respective claims, and in any such action Lender shall be released and
discharged from all obligations with respect to any funds deposited in Court,
and Lender's costs and expenses, including without limitation actual attorneys'
fees, shall be paid from such funds or from any other Undisbursed Construction
Funds. Any such funds deposited in court and all costs and expenses of Lender in
connection therewith shall be deemed to be Disbursements under the Note.

6.12  Sale or other Encumbrances.

(a) In order to induce Lender to make the loan secured by the Deed
of Trust, Borrower agrees that if the Mortgaged Property or any part thereof or
any interest therein, shall be sold (except sales for which a partial release of
the Deed of Trust shall be made pursuant to the Loan Agreement), assigned,
transferred, conveyed, pledged, mortgaged or encumbered with financing other
than that secured by the Deed of Trust or otherwise alienated by Borrower
whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law, except as shall be
specifically hereinafter permitted or without the prior written consent of
Lender, then Lender, at its option, may declare the Note secured by the Deed of
Trust and all other obligations hereunder to be forthwith due and payable.
Except as shall be otherwise specifically provided herein, any (a) change in the
legal or equitable ownership of the Property whether or not of record, (b)
change in the form of entity of Borrower, (c) change in ownership (including the
hypothecation or encumbrance thereof) of a majority of the stock in Borrower
held by Ira Norris, or (d) change in the controlling executives and directors of
Borrower shall be deemed a transfer of an interest in the Property. In
connection herewith, the financial stability and managerial and operational
ability of Borrower is a substantial and material

<PAGE>

consideration to Lender in its agreement to make the loan to Borrower secured by
the Deed of Trust. The transfer of an interest in the Mortgaged Property may
materially alter and reduce Lender's security for the indebtedness secured by
the Deed of Trust. Moreover, Lender has agreed to make its loan based upon the
presumed value of the Mortgaged Property and the Rents and Profits thereof.
Therefore, it will be a diminution of Lender's security if junior financing,
except as shall be permitted by Lender, or if other liens or encumbrances should
attach to the Mortgaged Property.

(b)  Borrower may request that Lender approve a sale or transfer of
the Mortgaged Property to a party who would become the legal and equitable owner
of the Mortgaged Property and would assume any and all obligations of Borrower
under the Loan Documents (the "Purchaser"). Lender shall not be obligated to
consider or approve any such sale, transfer or assumption or request for the
same. However, upon such request, Lender may impose limiting conditions and
requirements to its consent to an assumption.

(c)  In the event ownership of the Mortgaged Property, or any part
thereof, becomes vested in a person or persons other than Borrower, the Lender
may deal with such successor or successors in interest with reference to the
Note or the Deed of Trust in the same manner as with Borrower, without in any
way releasing, discharging or otherwise affecting the liability of Borrower
under the Note, the Deed of Trust or the other Loan Documents. No sale of
Borrower's interest in the Mortgaged Property, no forbearance on the part of
Lender, no extension of the time for the payment of the Deed of Trust
indebtedness or any change in the terms thereof consented to by Lender shall in
any way whatsoever operate to release, discharge, modify, change or affect the
original liability of the Borrower herein, either in whole or in part. Any deed
conveying the Mortgaged Property, or any part thereof, shall provide that the
grantee thereunder assume all of Borrower's obligations under the Note, the Deed
of Trust and all other Loan Documents. In the event such deed shall not contain
such assumption, Lender shall have all rights reserved to it hereunder in the
event of a default or if Lender shall not elect to exercise such rights and
remedies, the grantee under such deed shall nevertheless be deemed to have
assumed such obligations by acquiring the Mortgaged Property or such portion
thereof subject to the Deed of Trust. Nothing contained in this section shall be
construed to waive the restrictions against the transfer of the Mortgaged
Property contained in Section 6.12(a).

6.13  Removal of Personalty.  Borrower shall not:

(a)  install in or otherwise use in connection with the Project any
materials, equipment or fixtures under any security agreements or similar
agreements however denominated whereby the right is reserved or accrues to
anyone to remove or repossess any such items or whereby any Person other than
Lender reserves or acquires a lien upon such items; or

(b)  remove or permit the removal of any fixtures or personalty
located on the Property or used in connection with the Project, except for tools
and construction equipment intended for use in connection with the construction
of other improvements, unless actually replaced

<PAGE>

by an article of equal suitability and value, owned by Borrower free and clear
of any lien or security interest other than the Security Documents.

6.14  Payment of Taxes, Assessments and Charges.  Borrower shall pay,
prior to delinquency, all taxes, assessments, charges and levies imposed by any
Governmental Agency which are or may become a lien affecting the Property or any
part thereof, including without limitation assessments on any appurtenant water
stock; except that Borrower shall not be required to pay and discharge any tax,
assessment, charge or levy that is being actively contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings, as long as Borrower has established and maintains
reserves adequate to pay any liabilities contested pursuant to this Section in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and, by reason of
nonpayment, none of the property covered by the Security Documents or the lien
or security interest of Lender is in danger of being lost of forfeited.

6.15  Insurance.  The Borrower shall at all times maintain the following
policies of insurance:

(a)  prior to completion of the Improvements, builder's "all risk"
insurance ("completed value" form), including "course of construction" coverage,
covering the Improvements and any Personal Property;

(b)  from and after completion of the Improvements, property "all
risk" insurance covering the Improvements and any Personal Property;

(c)  commercial general liability insurance in favor of the Borrower
(and naming the Lender as an additional insured) in an aggregate amount not less
than $2,000,000.00 (or such greater amount as may be specified by the Lender
from time to time) combined single limit; and

(d)  such other insurance as may be required by applicable Laws
(including worker's compensation and employer's liability insurance) or as the
Lender may reasonably require from time to time (including "all risk" insurance
with respect to any other improvements now or in the future located on the Real
Property and comprehensive form boiler and machinery insurance, if applicable,
rental loss insurance and business interruption insurance).

The Borrower shall also cause the Contractor and each subcontractor to
maintain a policy of commercial general liability insurance and, upon request by
the Lender, shall cause the Architect and any engineer engaged in connection
with the Project to maintain a policy of professional liability insurance, in
each case for such periods and in such amounts as the Lender may reasonably
require from time to time.

Each policy of property insurance required by this Section 6.15 shall be in
an amount not less than the full replacement cost of the property covered by
such policy, shall contain a "waiver of coinsurance" provision, a "full
replacement cost" indorsement, shall insure each Unit against flood loss risk to
the maximum available policy amount if the Land is located in a Flood Hazard
Area, and shall name the Lender as an "additional insured and/or loss payee."
Each policy of commercial

<PAGE>

general liability insurance required by this Section 6.15 shall cover personal
injury, property liability and (where applicable) completed operations and such
insurance shall be primary and non-contributing with any other insurance
available to the Lender. Any unexpired insurance shall inure to the benefit of,
and pass to, the purchaser of the Property at any trustee's sale or other sale
held under the provisions of the Deed of Trust, or at any foreclosure sale of
the Property. All insurance policies and certificates evidencing such policies
shall be in form and substance and issued by insurers reasonably satisfactory to
the Lender, and shall contain such deductible and such endorsements as the
Lender may reasonably require. Upon request by the Lender from time to time, the
Borrower shall deliver to the Lender originals or copies of all such insurance
policies and certificates evidencing such policies.

6.16  Title Insurance Endorsements.  Borrower shall deliver or cause to be
delivered to Lender, in form and substance satisfactory to Lender, endorsement
numbers 100, 100.29, 101.3, 116 and 122 (upon each disbursement) to the Title
Policy and such other endorsement and binders as Lender may from time to time
require.

6.17  Books and Records.  Borrower shall: (a) maintain full and complete
books of account and other records reflecting the results of its operations (in
conjunction with any other business as well as specifically with respect to the
Project) in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on
a consistent basis; and (b) permit Lender and its agents, at any time and from
time to time, to inspect and copy all of such books and records, including
without limitation any books and records pertaining to the Project or the
Project Documents.

6.18  Entry and Inspection.  Lender and its agents shall, at all times,
have the right of entry and free access to the Project and the right to inspect
all work done, labor performed, and materials furnished in and about the
Project. If, at any time, Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that
regular inspections of the Project are required, either by Disbursement Agent or
another representative of Lender, then Borrower shall allow free access to such
inspector. Such inspection shall be performed at Borrower's expense, with the
cost thereof to be disbursed from the Control Account.

6.19  Physical Security of Project.  Borrower shall take appropriate
measures to protect the physical security of the Project and the Mortgaged
Property.

6.20  Reporting and Requirements.  Borrower shall cause to be delivered to
Lender, in form and detail satisfactory to Lender:

(a)  promptly upon Borrower's learning thereof, notice of:

(i)   any litigation affecting or relating to Borrower, the
Property or the Project;

<PAGE>

(ii)  any dispute between Borrower and any Governmental Agency
relating to the Property or the Project, the adverse determination of which
would adversely affect the Property or the Project;

(iii) any threat or commencement of proceedings in condemnation
or eminent domain relating to the Property;

(iv)  any Event of Default or event which, with the giving of
notice and/or the passage of time, could become an Event of Default; and

(v)   any change in the executive management personnel of
Borrowers.

(b)  as soon as available, and in any event within forty-five (45)
calendar days after the end of each month during the term of the Loan, a status
report for the Project for the month most recently ended (which status report
shall contain an itemized breakdown of the progress of construction, sales of
Lots, the gross revenues and all costs and expenses with respect to the Project
for such month), in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis, and certified as
accurate by an officer of Borrower;


(c)  promptly upon receipt thereof, any audited financial
information applicable to Borrower; and

(d)  such other information relating to Borrower, the Mortgaged
Property and/or the Project as Lender may request from time to time, including
without limitation (i) tax returns, to be provided concurrently with the filing
thereof with the relevant government authority or (ii) if Borrower receives an
extension from the relevant government authority for filing a tax return,
satisfactory evidence of such extension.

6/21  Surveys.  Borrower agrees to furnish Lender all of the following:

(a)  a perimeter survey of the Property (a copy of the Subdivision
Map of the Property shall satisfy this requirement); and

(b)  upon request by Lender, immediately upon completion of the
foundations any of the Improvements, a survey made and certified by a licensed
engineer or surveyor showing the locations of the Improvements located on the
Property and showing that the Improvements are located entirely within the
Property lines and do not encroach upon any easement, or breach or violate any
Law or any covenant, condition or restriction of record, or any building or
zoning ordinance.

<PAGE>

6.22  Management of Property and Project.  Borrower shall not enter into
any agreement providing for the management, leasing or operation of the Property
or the Project without the prior written consent of the Lender.

6.23  Defense of Vested Right, Modification of Vested Rights.  Borrower
shall at all times, at its own cost and expense take, pursue and assert all such
actions and defenses as are necessary to perfect, maintain and protect its
vested development rights with respect to the Property. Should Borrower fail to
do so, Lender may do so either in its own name or the name of the Borrower, and
all unrecovered fees, costs and expenses incurred by Lender in connection
therewith shall be payable by Borrower to Lender on demand, shall bear interest
at the Default Rate specified in the Note, and shall be secured by the Deed of
Trust. Borrower shall not modify, amend, cancel, terminate or otherwise alter
any development rights or entitlements with respect to the Property, without
Lender's prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld.

6.24  No Usury.  Borrower represents, warrants and covenants, for the
reliance and benefit of Lender, that the Loan is exempt from the usury law set
forth in Article XV of the California Constitution. The Loan was arranged by Ira
Norris, a duly licensed California real estate broker. Said broker, in his
licensed capacity, has solicited the loan for Borrower in expectation of
receiving compensation from Borrower and shall receive such compensation upon
the funding of the Loan. Moreover, said broker has (a) introduced the parties to
each other, (b) assisted the Borrower in the preparation of the supporting
documentation for the Loan, and (c) participated in the negotiation of the terms
of the Loan. Because the Loan is therefore exempt from the usury law, Borrower
hereby knowingly waives any defense it may have to the payment of the Loan
pursuant to its terms and any claim that the Loan is usurious.

SECTION 7:  EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES UPON DEFAULT.

7.1  Events of Default.  The occurrence of any one or more of the
following, whatever the reason therefor, shall constitute an Event of Default
hereunder:

(a)  Borrower shall fail to pay any installment of principal or
interest on the Note when due, or any other amount owing under this Agreement or
the other Loan Documents; or

(b)  Borrower shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or
agreement contained in any of the Loan Documents on its part to be performed or
observed, other than the failure to make a payment covered by Section 7.1(a),
and such failure shall continue uncured as of thirty (30) calendar days after
written notice of such failure is given by Lender to Borrower; provided,
however, that if Borrower has commenced to cure the default within said 30-day
period and is diligently pursuing such cure, but the default is of such a nature
that it cannot be cured with 30 days, then the cure period shall be extended for
the number of day necessary to complete the cure, but in no event shall the
total cure period be longer than 60 days (the cure period set forth in this
Section 7.1(b) shall not apply to any other Events of Default); or

<PAGE>

(c)  any representation or warranty in any of the Loan Documents or
in any certificate, agreement, instrument or other document made or delivered
pursuant to or in connection with any of the Loan Documents proves to have been
incorrect in any material respect when made; or

(d)  the Project, or any portion thereof, is not completed in
conformity with the Improvement Plans in an orderly and expeditious manner, free
and clear of mechanics', materialmen's or other liens asserted by suppliers of
labor, service, equipment or material to the Project (except for liens for which
Borrower has provided a surety bond pursuant to Section 6.11 hereof); or

(e)  work ceases on the Project for thirty (30) consecutive calendar
days for any reason whatsoever; or

(f)  the Property is destroyed by fire or other casualty or damaged
thereby to an extent that would, in Lender's reasonable judgment, prevent or
preclude the completion of the Project in conformity with the Improvement Plans
in an orderly and expeditious manner; or

(g)  any condition or circumstance arises or exists at any time by
reason of governmental order, decree or regulation, shortage of materials or for
any other reason whatsoever that would, in Lender's reasonable judgment, prevent
or preclude the completion of the Project in conformity with the Improvement
Plans in an orderly and expeditious manner; or

(h)  Borrower is enjoined by any Governmental Agency from
constructing the Improvements or performing its obligations hereunder, such
injunction is not released or stayed within thirty (30) calendar days after the
granting thereof, and Lender reasonably determines that such injunction may
prevent or preclude the completion of the Project in conformity with the
Improvement Plans in an orderly and expeditious manner; or

(i)  all or a substantial portion of the Property is condemned,
seized or appropriated by any Governmental Agency; or

(j)  Borrower is dissolved or liquidated, or otherwise ceases to
exist, or all or substantially all of the assets of Borrower are sold or
otherwise transferred without Lender's written consent; or

(k)  Borrower is the subject of an order for relief by the
bankruptcy court, or is unable or admits in writing its inability to pay its
debts as they mature, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or
Borrower applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee,
custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is
appointed without the application or consent of Borrower, as the case may be,
and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for thirty (30) calendar
days; or Borrower institutes or consents to any bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, arrangement, readjustment of debt, dissolution, custodianship,

<PAGE>

conservatorship, liquidation, rehabilitation or similar proceedings relating to
it or to all or any part of its property under the Laws of any jurisdictional or
any similar proceeding is instituted without the consent of Borrower and
continues undismissed or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days; or any judgment,
writ, attachment, execution or similar process is issued or levied against all
or any part of the Property or Borrower and is not released, vacated or fully
bonded within sixty (60) calendar days after its issue or levy; or

(l)  the Contractor shall cease to act as general contractor for the
Project, and Borrower shall fail to obtain Lender's approval of a new general
contractor within twenty (20) calendar days thereafter; or

(m)  there shall occur a material adverse change in the financial
condition of Borrower from their respective financial conditions as of the date
of this Agreement, as determined by Lender in its reasonable discretion; or

(n)  any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery
and for any reason other than the agreement of Lender or the satisfaction in
full of all indebtedness and obligations of Borrower under the Loan Documents,
ceases to be in full force and effect or is declared to be null and void by a
court of competent jurisdiction; or Borrower or any officer, director, or
shareholder of Borrower claims that any Loan Document is ineffective or
unenforceable, in whole or in part, or denies that it has any or further
liability or obligation under any Loan Document unless all indebtedness and
obligations of Borrower thereunder have been fully paid and performed; or

(o)  any lien or security interest created by any Security Document,
at any time after the execution and delivery of that Security Document and for
any reason other than the agreement of Lender or the satisfaction in full of all
indebtedness and obligations of Borrower under the Loan Documents, ceases or
fails to constitute a valid, perfected and subsisting lien of the priority
required by this Agreement or security interest in and to the Property purported
to be covered thereby, subject only to the Permitted Exceptions; or

(p)  any default occurs in any loan document or other agreement by
and between Borrower and Lender or by Borrower in favor of Lender with reference
to the Loan or otherwise, or any default occurs in any loan document regarding
any loan secured by the Property or any portion thereof.

7.2  Remedies Upon Default.  Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default,
Lender may, at its option, do any or all of the following:

(a)  declare the principal of all amounts owing under the Note, this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents and other obligations secured by the
Security Documents, including the Prepayment Fee, if any, together with interest
thereon, and any other obligations of Borrower to Lender to be forthwith due and
payable, regardless of any other specified maturity or due date,

<PAGE>

without notice of default, presentment or demand for payment, protest or notice
of nonpayment or dishonor, or other notices or demands of any kind or character,
and without the necessity of prior recourse to any security;

(b)  take possession of the Mortgaged Property and let contracts
for, or otherwise proceed with, the finishing of the Improvements and pay the
cost thereof; and if Lender advances its own funds for such purposes, such funds
shall be considered advances under the Note and shall be secured by the Security
Documents, notwithstanding that such advances may cause the total amount
advanced under the Note to exceed the face amount of the Note or the amount
committed to be advanced pursuant to this Agreement, and Borrower shall
immediately upon demand reimburse Lender therefor, together with interest
thereon as if such advances were advances under the Note, from the date of such
advance until the date of reimbursement (nothing contained in this Section
7.2(b) or elsewhere in this Loan Agreement shall be construed to make Lender a
"mortgagee in possession" unless and until Lender actually takes possession of
the Property either in person or through an agent or receiver);

(c)  terminate Borrower's right to receive any portion of the
proceeds from the sale of any Unit;

(d)  demand and receive from the Disbursement Agent all of the
Control Account Funds then on deposit with Disbursement Agent;

(e)  terminate Disbursements of the Loan and all rights of Borrower
and obligations of Lender under the Loan Documents;

(f)  exercise its right and power to sell, or otherwise dispose of,
the Personal Property, or any part thereof, and for that purpose may take
immediate and exclusive possession of the Personal Property, or any part
thereof, and with or without judicial process to the extent permitted by law,
enter upon any premises on which the Personal Property or any part thereof, may
be situated and remove the same therefrom without being deemed guilty of
trespass and without liability for damages thereby occasioned, or at Lender's
option Borrower shall assemble the Personal Property and make it available to
the Lender at the place and the time designated in the demand; and

(g)  exercise any and all of its rights under the Loan Documents,
including but not limited to the right to take possession of and foreclose on
any security, and exercise any other rights with respect to any security,
whether under the Security Documents or any other agreement or as provided by
Law, all in such order and in such manner as Lender in its sole discretion may
determine.

7.3  Cumulative Remedies; No Waiver.  All remedies of Lender provided for
herein are cumulative and shall be in addition to any and all other rights and
remedies provided in the other Loan Documents or provided by Law from time to
time.  The exercise of any right or remedy by Lender hereunder shall not in any
way constitute a cure or waiver of any default hereunder or under

<PAGE>

any of the other Loan Documents, nor invalidate any notice of default or any act
done pursuant to any such notice, nor prejudice Lender in the exercise of any
rights hereunder or under the Loan Documents. No waiver by Lender of any default
by Borrower hereunder shall be implied from any omission by Lender to take
action on account of such default if such default persists or is repeated, and
no express waiver shall affect any default other than the default expressly made
the subject of the waiver. Any such express waiver shall be operative only for
the time and to the extent therein stated. Any waiver of any covenant, term or
condition contained herein shall not be construed as a waiver of any subsequent
breach of the same covenant, term or condition. The consent or approval by
Lender to or of any act by Borrower requiring further consent or approval shall
not be deemed to waive or render unnecessary consent or approval to or of any
subsequent act.

SECTION 8:  MISCELLANEOUS.

8.1  Performance by Lender.  In the event that Borrower shall default in or
fail to perform any of its obligations under the Loan Documents, Lender shall
have the right, but not the duty, without limitation upon any of Lender's rights
pursuant thereto, to perform the same, and Borrower agrees to pay to Lender, on
demand, all costs and expenses incurred by Lender in connection therewith,
including without limitation actual attorneys' fees, together with interest
thereon from the date of expenditure at the Default Rate.

8.2  Actions.  Provided Borrower has not promptly so acted, Lender shall
have the right to commence, appear in, and defend any action or proceeding
purporting to affect the rights or duties of the parties hereunder or the
payment of any funds, and in connection therewith Lender may pay necessary
expenses, employ counsel, and pay reasonable attorneys' fees. Borrower agrees to
pay to Lender, on demand, all costs and expenses incurred by Lender in
connection therewith, including without limitation actual attorneys' fees,
together with interest thereon from the date of expenditure at the Default Rate.

8.3  Advances Obligatory.  Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding,
it is specifically understood and agreed that any advances made by Lender
pursuant to this Agreement, including, but not limited to, all funds advanced by
Lender, shall be deemed advanced by Lender under an obligation to do so,
regardless of the person or entity to whom such advance is made. Advances made
in the reasonable exercise of Lender's judgment that such are necessary to
complete the Improvements or to protect its security are to be deemed obligatory
advances hereunder and are to be secured by the Note and Deed of Trust, and such
security shall relate back to the original recording of the Deed of Trust.

8.4  Nonliability of Lender.  Borrower acknowledges and agrees that:

(a)  any inspections of the construction of the Improvements made by
or through Lender are for purposes of administration of the Loan only and
Borrower is not entitled to rely upon the same with respect to the quality,
adequacy or suitability of materials or workmanship, conformity to the
Improvement Plans, state of completion or otherwise; Borrower shall make its own
inspections

<PAGE>

of such construction to determine that the quality of the Improvements and all
other requirements of such construction are being performed in a manner
satisfactory to Borrower and in conformity with the Improvement Plans and all
applicable Laws; and Borrower shall immediately notify Lender, in writing,
should the same not be in conformity with the Improvement Plans and all
applicable laws;

(b)  by accepting or approving anything required to be observed,
performed, fulfilled or given to Lender pursuant to the Loan Documents,
including any certificate, statement of profit and loss or other financial
statement, survey, appraisal, lease or insurance policy, Lender shall not be
deemed to have warranted or represented the sufficiency, legality, effectiveness
or legal effect of the same, or of any term, provision or condition thereof, and
such acceptance or approval thereof shall not constitute a warranty or
representation to anyone with respect thereto By Lender;

(c)  Lender neither undertakes nor assumes any responsibility or duty
to Borrower to select, review, inspect, supervise, pass judgment upon or inform
Borrower of any matter in connection with the Project, including without
limitation matters relating to the quality, adequacy or suitability of: (i) the
Improvement Plans or any Change Orders, (ii) architects, contractors,
subcontractors and material men employed or utilized in connection with the
construction of the Improvements, or the workmanship of or the materials used by
any of them, or (iii) the progress or course of construction and its conformity
or nonconformity with the Improvement Plans or any Change Orders; and Borrower
shall rely entirely upon its own judgment with respect to such matters, and any
review, inspection, supervision, exercise of judgment or information supplied to
Borrower by Lender in connection with such matters is for the protection of
Lender only and neither Borrower nor any third party is entitled to rely
thereon;

(d)  Lender owes no duty of care to protect Borrower against
negligent, faulty, inadequate or defective building or construction;

(e)  the relationship of Borrower and Lender under the Loan Documents
is, and shall at all times remain, solely that of borrower and lender, and
Lender neither undertakes nor assumes any responsibility or duty to Borrower or
to any other Person with respect to the Property or Loan, except as expressly
provided in the Loan Documents; and notwithstanding any other provision of the
Loan Documents: (i) Lender is not, and shall not be construed as, a partner,
joint venturer, alter-ego, manager, controlling person or an insider or other
business associate or participant of any kind of Borrower and Lender does not
intend to ever assume such status; (ii) Lender's activities in connection with
the Loan Documents shall not be "outside the scope of the activities of a lender
of money" under Nevada law, as amended or recodified from time to time, and
Lender does not intend to ever assume any responsibility to any Person for the
quality, suitability, safety or condition of the Property or Improvements; and
(iii) Lender shall not be deemed responsible for or a participant in any acts,
omissions or decisions of Borrower; and

(f)  Lender shall not be directly or indirectly liable or responsible
for any loss, claim, cause of action, liability, indebtedness, damage or injury
of any kind or character to any Person or property arising from any construction
on, or occupancy or use of, any of the Property,

<PAGE>

whether caused by, or arising from: (i) any defect in any building, structure,
soil condition, grading, fill, landscaping, or other improvements thereon or in
any on-site or off-site improvement or other facility therein or thereon; (ii)
any act or omission of Borrower or any of Borrower's agents, employees,
independent contractors, licensees or invitees; (iii) any accident in or on any
of the Property or any fire, flood or other casualty or hazard thereon; (iv) the
failure of Borrower, any of Borrower's licensees, employees, invitees, agents,
independent contractors or other representatives to maintain any of the Property
in a safe condition; and (v) any nuisance made or suffered on any part of the
Property.

8.5  No Third Parties Benefitted.  This Agreement is made for the purpose
of defining and setting forth certain obligations, rights and duties of Borrower
and Lender in connection with the Loan.  It shall be deemed a supplement to the
Note and the Security Documents, and shall not be construed as a modification of
the Note or the Security Documents, except as provided herein.  It is made for
the sole protection of Borrower and Lender, and Lender's successors and assigns.
No other Person shall have any rights of any nature hereunder or by reason
hereof.

8.6  Indemnity.  Borrower indemnifies Lender against, and holds Lender
harmless from, any and all losses, damages (whether general, punitive or
otherwise), liabilities, claims, cause of action (whether legal, equitable or
administrative), judgments, court costs and legal or other expenses, including
attorneys' fees, which Lender may suffer or incur as a direct or indirect
consequence of: (a) Lender's performance of this Agreement or any of the Loan
Documents, including, without limitation, Lender's exercise or failure to
exercise any rights, remedies or powers in connection with this Agreement or any
of the Loan Documents but excluding charges and assessments by Governmental
Agencies imposed upon the Lender in the normal course of the Lender's business
such as taxes and regulatory fees; (b) Borrower's failure to perform any of
Borrower's obligations as and when required by this Agreement or any of the
other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, any failure, at any time,
of any representation or warranty of Borrower to be true and correct and any
failure by Borrower to satisfy any condition; (c) any claim or cause of action
of any kind by any Person to the effect that Lender is in any way responsible or
liable for any act or omission by Borrower, whether on account of any theory or
derivative liability or otherwise, including but not limited to any claim or
cause of action for fraud, misrepresentation, tort or willful misconduct; (d)
any act or omission by Borrower, any contractor, subcontractor or material
supplier, engineer, architect, or any other Person with respect to any of the
Property or Improvements; or (e) any claim or cause of action of any kind by any
Person which would have the effect of denying Lender the full benefit or
protection of any provision of this Agreement or the Loan Documents but
excluding charges and assessments by Governmental Agencies imposed upon Lender
in the normal course of Lender's business such as taxes and regulatory fees.
Lender's rights of indemnity shall not be limited, prejudiced, impaired or
eliminated in any way by any finding or allegation that Lender's conduct is
active, passive or subject to any other classification or that Lender is
directly or indirectly responsible under any theory of any kind, character or
nature for any act or omission by Borrower or any other Person.  Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Borrower shall not be obligated to indemnify Lender with respect
to any intentional tort or act of gross negligence which Lender is personally
determined by the judgment or a court of competent jurisdiction (sustained on
appeal, if any) to have committed.

<PAGE>

Borrower shall pay any indebtedness arising under this indemnity to Lender
immediately upon demand by Lender together with interest thereon from the date
such indebtedness arises until paid at the Default Rate. Borrower's duty to
defend and indemnify Lender shall survive the release and cancellation of the
Note and the release and reconveyance or partial release and reconveyance of the
Deed of Trust.

8.7  Commissions.  Borrower hereby indemnifies Lender from the claim of any
Person for a commission or fee, including, without limitation, any claim for a
fee by Ira Norris.

8.8  Lenders' Representative.  The Lender hereby appoints USA Commercial
Mortgage Company, Inc. to administer the Loan on their behalf, to make all
necessary demands on Borrower and to execute and deliver all approvals and
notices to be given by Lender hereunder.

8.9  Binding Effect; Assignment.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of Borrower and Lender and their respective successors and
assigns, except that Borrower may not assign its rights or interests or delegate
any of its duties under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents
without the prior written consent of Lender.

8.10  Amendments; Consents.  No amendment, modification, supplement,
termination or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any of the other
Loan Documents, and no consent to any departure by Borrower therefrom, may in
any event be effective unless in writing signed by Lender, and then only in the
specific instance and for the specific purpose given.

8.11  Costs, Expenses and Taxes.  Borrower shall pay to Lender, on demand:

(a)  the actual attorneys' fees and out-of-pocket expenses incurred
by Lender in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery
and administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Documents and any matter
related thereto;

(b)  the actual costs and expenses of Lender in connection with any
modification of any Loan Document or in connection with the enforcement of this
Agreement and any other Loan Document and any matter related thereto, including
the actual fees and out-of-pocket expenses of any legal counsel, independent
public accountants and other outside experts retained by Lender; and

(c)  all costs, expenses, fees, premiums and other charges relating
or arising with respect to the Loan Documents or any transactions contemplated
thereby or the compliance with any of the terms and conditions thereof,
including, without limitation, the Disbursement Agent's fee, appraisal fees,
inspection fees, cost review fees, recording fees filing fees, release or
reconveyance fees, title insurance premiums, and the cost of realty tax service
for the term of the Loan.

All sums paid or expended by Lender under the terms of this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents shall be considered to be a part of the Loan.  Except
as otherwise specifically stated herein, all such sums shall be secured by the
Security Documents, shall bear interest from the date

<PAGE>

of expenditure as if such sums were advances under the Note, and shall be
immediately due and payable by Borrower upon demand.

8.12  Survival of Representations and Warranties.  All representations and
warranties of Borrower contained herein or in any other Loan Document shall
survive the making of the Loan and the execution and delivery of the Note, and
are material and have been or will be relied upon by Lender, notwithstanding any
investigation made by Lender or on behalf of Lender.  For the purpose of the
foregoing, all statements contained in any certificate, agreement, financial
statement, or other writing delivered by or on behalf of Borrower pursuant
hereto or to any other Loan Document or in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby shall be deemed to be representations and
warranties of Borrower contained herein or in the other Loan Documents, as the
case may be.

8.13  Notices.  All notices to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be
sufficient if given by personal services, by guaranteed overnight delivery
services, by telex, telecopy or telegram or by being mailed postage prepaid,
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, to the described
addresses of the parties hereto as set forth below, or to such other address as
a party may request in writing.  Any time period provided in the giving of any
notice hereunder shall commence upon the date of  personal service, the date
after delivery to the guaranteed overnight delivery service, the date of sending
the telex, telecopy or telegram or two (2) days after mailing certified or
registered mail.

BORROWER'S ADDRESS:        Inco Homes Corporation
1282 West Arrow Highway
Upland, California 91786
Attn: Ira Norris


LENDER'S ADDRESS:          c/o USA Commercial Mortgage Company
3900 Paradise Road, Suite 263
Las Vegas, Nevada 89109


WITH DUPLICATE NOTICE TO:  Goold, Patterson, DeVore & Rondeau
4496 So. Pecos Road
Las Vegas, Nevada  89121
Attn: Thomas J. DeVore, Esq.

8.14  Further Assurances.  Borrower shall, at its sole expense and without
expense to Lender, do such further acts and execute and deliver such further
documents as Lender from time to time may require for the purpose of assuring
and confirming unto Lender the rights hereby created or intended now or
hereafter so to be, or for carrying out the intention or facilitating the
performance of the terms of any Loan Document, or for assuring the validity of
any security interest or lien under any Security Document.

<PAGE>

8.15  Governing Law.  This Agreement governing the contractual rights and
obligations of Borrower and Lender shall be construed according to and governed
by the laws of the State of Nevada, except to the extent that the laws of the
State of California shall govern the perfection, priority and procedures for
foreclosure of the lien created by the Deed of Trust.  Borrower hereby consents
to the jurisdiction of any competent court in the State of Nevada and consents
to service of process by any means authorized by Nevada law in any action
brought under or arising out of this Agreement.

8.16  Severability of Provisions.  Any provision in any Loan Document that
is held to be inoperative, unenforceable or invalid shall be inoperative,
unenforceable or invalid without affecting the remaining provisions, and to this
end the provisions of all Loan Documents are declared to be severable.

8.17  Assignment or Sale of Participations by Lender.  Lender may, at any
time, sell, transfer, assign or grant participations in the Loan and in the Loan
Documents and Lender may forward to its Partners or to such participant and
prospective participant all documents and information relating to the Loan and
to Borrower, whether furnished by Borrower or otherwise, as Lender determines
necessary or desirable.  Lender may also reasonably divulge and advertise its
making of the Loan and the amount thereof.

8.18  Headings.  Section headings in this Agreement are included for
convenience of reference only and are not part of this Agreement for any other
purpose.

8.19  Time of the Essence.  Time is of the essence.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
duly executed as of the date first above written.

"BORROWER":

Inco Homes Corporation, a Delaware
corporation


By:  _____________________________
Ira Norris, President



"LENDER":

<PAGE>

__________________________________
Nicholas Perrone


__________________________________
Joseph Ciadella


__________________________________
Stella Ciadella


__________________________________
Alan Robinson


__________________________________
Gail Robinson


__________________________________
Carlene E. Pointer


__________________________________
Leslie H. Cooper


__________________________________
Fred Teriano


__________________________________
Marjorie W. Geelan


__________________________________
Doreen B. Lee


