








<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 10.4

CREDIT AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT is entered into as of August 11, 1999, by and between HALL,
KINION & ASSOCIATES, INC., a Delaware corporation (`Borrower"), and WELLS FARGO
BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("Bank").

RECITAL

Borrower has requested from Bank the credit accommodations described below
(each, a "Credit" and collectively, the "Credits"), and Bank has agreed to
provide the Credits to Borrower on the terms and conditions contained herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, Bank and Borrower hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I
THE CREDITS

SECTION 1.1. LINE OF CREDIT.

(a) Line of Credit. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
Bank hereby agrees to make advances to Borrower from time to time up to and
including July 15, 2002, not to exceed at any time the aggregate principal
amount of Twenty Million Dollars ($20,000,000.00) ("Line of Credit"), the
proceeds of which shall be used to finance working capital requirements and
acquisitions permitted in this Agreement. Borrower's obligation to repay
advances under the Line of Credit shall be evidenced by a promissory note
substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto ("Line of Credit Note"),
all terms of which are incorporated herein by this reference.

(b) Borrowing and Repayment. Borrower may from time to time during the term
of the Line of Credit borrow, partially or wholly repay its outstanding
borrowings, and reborrow, subject to all of the limitations, terms and
conditions contained herein or in the Line of Credit Note; provided however,
that the total outstanding borrowings under the Line of Credit shall not at any
time exceed the maximum principal amount available thereunder, as set forth
above.

<PAGE>

SECTION 1.2. TERM LOAN.

(a) Term Loan. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank
hereby agrees to make a Loan to Borrower in the principal amount of Ten Million
Dollars ($10,000,000.00) ("Term Loan"), the proceeds of which shall be used to
refinance previous acquisition loans and to finance the acquisition by Borrower
of TKI Consulting, Inc. Borrower's obligation to repay the Term Loan shall be
evidenced by a promissory note substantially in the form of Exhibit B attached
hereto ("Term Note"), all terms of which are incorporated herein by this
reference. Bank's commitment to grant the Term Loan shall terminate on September
11, 1999.

(b) Repayment. The principal amount of the Term Loan shall be repaid in
accordance with the provisions of the Term Note.

(c) Prepayment. Borrower may prepay principal on the Term Loan solely in
accordance with the provisions of the Term Note.

SECTION 1.3. INTEREST/FEES

(a) Interest. The outstanding principal balance of the Line of Credit and
Term Loan shall bear interest at the rate(s) of interest set forth in the Line
of Credit Note and Term Note.

(b) Computation and Payment. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a
360-day year, actual days elapsed. Interest shall be payable at the times and
place set forth in the Line of Credit Note and Term Note (collectively, the
"Notes").

(C) Unused Commitment Fee. Borrower shall pay to Bank a fee equal to
fifteen-hundredths of one percent (0.15%) per annum (computed on the basis of a
360-day year, actual days elapsed) on the average daily unused amount of the
Line of Credit, which fee shall be calculated on a fiscal quarter basis by Bank
and shall be due and payable by Borrower in arrears within 30 days following the
end of each fiscal quarter. Bank shall adjust said percentage on a quarterly
basis, commencing with Borrower's fiscal quarter ending September 30, 1999, if
required to reflect a change in Borrower's Leverage Ratio (as defined in this
Agreement) in accordance with the following grid:

Leverage Ratio                                    Percentage.

2.0 to 1.0 or greater                               0.20%

less than 2.00 to 1.00 but
greater than 1.0 to 1.0                             0.15%



<PAGE>

equal to or less than
1.0 to 1.0                                          0.10%

Each such adjustment shall be effective on the first day of Borrower's fiscal
quarter following the quarter during which Bank receives and reviews Borrower's
most current fiscal quarter-end financial statements in accordance with any
requirements established by Bank for the preparation and delivery thereof.

SECTION 1.4. COLLECTION OF PAYMENTS. Borrower authorizes Bank to collect
all principal, interest and fees due under each Credit by charging Borrower's
demand deposit account number 4296-908650 with Bank, or any other demand deposit
account maintained by Borrower with Bank, for the full amount thereof. Should
there be insufficient funds in any such demand deposit account to pay all such
sums when due, the full amount of such deficiency shall be immediately due and
payable by Borrower.

SECTION 1.5. COLLATERAL.

As security for all indebtedness of Borrower to Bank subject hereto, (i)
Borrower hereby grants to Bank, and (ii) shall cause each of its subsidiaries
listed on Schedule I hereto (collectively, "Subsidiaries"), to grant to Bank,
security interests of first priority in all Borrower's and Subsidiaries'
accounts receivable, general intangibles, other rights to payment, equipment
and proceeds of the foregoing.

All of the foregoing shall be evidenced by and subject to the terms of such
security agreements, financing statements, deeds of trust and other documents as
Bank shall reasonably require, all in form and substance satisfactory to Bank.
Borrower shall reimburse Bank immediately upon demand for all costs and expenses
incurred by Bank in connection with any of the foregoing security, including
without limitation, filing and recording fees and costs of appraisals, audits
and title insurance.

SECTION 1.6. GUARANTIES. All inctebtedness of Borrower to Bank under the
Credits shall be guaranteed by Subsidiaries in the principal amount of Thirty
Million Dollars ($30,000,000.00) each, as evidenced by and subject to the terms
of guaranties in form and substance satisfactory to Bank.


<PAGE>

ARTICLE II
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Borrower makes the following representations and warranties to Bank, which
representations and warranties shall survive the execution of this Agreement and
shall continue in full force and effect until the full and final payment, and
satisfaction and discharge, of all obligations of Borrower to Bank subject to
this Agreement.

SECTION 2.1. LEGAL STATUS. Borrower is a corporation, duly organized and
existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of Delaware, and is
qualified or licensed to do business (and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation, if applicable) in all jurisdictions in which such qualification or
licensing is required or in which the failure to so qualify or to be so licensed
could have a material adverse effect on Borrower.

SECTION 2.2. AUTHORIZATION AND VALIDITY. This Agreement, the Notes, and
each other document, contract and instrument required hereby or at any time
hereafter delivered to Bank in connection herewith (collectively, the "Loan
Documents") have been duly authorized, and upon their execution and delivery in
accordance with the provisions hereof will constitute legal, valid and binding
agreements and obligations of Borrower or the party which executes the same,
enforceable in accordance with their respective terms.

SECTION 2.3. NO VIOLATION. The execution, delivery and performance by
Borrower of each of the Loan Documents do not violate any provision of any law
or regulation, or contravene any provision of the Articles of Incorporation or
By-Laws of Borrower, or result in any breach of or default under any contract,
obligation, indenture or other instrument to which Borrower is a party or by
which Borrower may be bound.

SECTION 2.4. LITIGATION. There are no pending, or to the best of Borrower's
knowledge threatened, actions, claims, investigations, suits or proceedings by
or before any governmental authority, arbitrator, court or administrative agency
which could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or
operation of Borrower other than those disclosed by Borrower to Bank in writing
prior to the date hereof.

SECTION 2.5. CORRECTNESS OF FINANCIAL STATEMENT. The financial statement of
Borrower dated June 30, 1999, a true copy of which has been delivered by
Borrower to Bank prior to the date hereof, (a) is complete and correct and
presents fairly the financial condition of Borrower, (b) discloses all
liabilities of


<PAGE>

Borrower that are required to be reflected or reserved against under generally
accepted accounting principles, whether liquidated or unliquidated, fixed or
contingent, and (c) has been prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles consistently applied. Since the date of such financial
statement there has been no material adverse change in the financial condition
of Borrower, nor has Borrower mortgaged, pledged, granted a security interest in
or otherwise encumbered any of its assets or properties except in favor of Bank
or as otherwise permitted by Bank in writing.

SECTION 2.6. INCOME TAX RETURNS. Borrower has no knowledge of any pending
assessments or adjustments of its income tax payable with respect to any year.

SECTION 2.7. NO SUBORDINATION. There is no agreement, indenture, contract
or instrument to which Borrower is a party or by which Borrower may be bound
that requires the subordination in right of payment of any of Borrower's
obligations subject to this Agreement to any other obligation of Borrower.

SECTION 2.8. PERMITS, FRANCHISES. Borrower possesses, and will hereafter
possess, all permits, consents, approvals, franchises and licenses required and
rights to all trademarks, trade names, patents, and fictitious names, if any,
necessary to enable it to conduct the business in which it is now engaged in
compliance with applicable law.

SECTION 2.9. ERISA. Borrower is in compliance in all material respects with
all applicable provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended or recodified from time to time ("ERISA"); Borrower has not
violated any provision of any defined employee pension benefit plan (as defined
in ERISA) maintained or contributed to by Borrower (each, a "Plan"); no
Reportable Event as defined in ERISA has occurred and is continuing with respect
to any Plan initiated by Borrower; Borrower has met its minimum funding
requirements under ERISA with respect to each Plan; and each Plan will be able
to fulfill its benefit obligations as they come due in accordance with the Plan
documents and under generally accepted accounting principles.

SECTION 2.10. OTHER OBLIGATIONS. Borrower is not in default on any
obligation for borrowed money, any purchase money obligation or any other
material lease, commitment, contract, instrument or obligation.

SECTION 2.11. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS. Except as disclosed by Borrower to
Bank in writing prior to the date hereof, Borrower is in compliance in all
material respects with all applicable


<PAGE>

federal or state environmental, hazardous waste, health and safety statutes, and
any rules or regulations adopted pursuant thereto, which govern or affect any of
Borrower's operations and/or properties, including without limitation, the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980,
the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, the Federal Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, and the Federal Toxic Substances Control
Act, as any of the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to
time. None of the operations of Borrower is the subject of any federal or state
investigation evaluating whether any remedial action involving a material
expenditure is needed to respond to a release of any toxic or hazardous waste or
substance into the environment. Borrower has no material contingent liability in
connection with any release of any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into
the environment.

ARTICLE III
CONDITIONS

SECTION 3.1.   CONDITIONS OF INITIAL EXTENSION OF CREDIT. The obligation of
Bank to grant any of the Credits is subject to the fulfillment to Bank's
satisfaction of all of the following conditions:

(a)  Approval of Bank Counsel. All legal matters incidental to the granting
of each of the Credits shall be satisfactory to Bank's counsel.

(b)  Documentation. Bank shall have received, in form and substance
satisfactory to Bank, each of the following, duly executed:

(i)  This Agreement and the Notes.
(ii)  Corporate Resolution: Borrowing.
(iii)  Certificates of Incumbency.
(iv)  Continuing Guaranties.
(v)  Corporate Resolutions: Continuing Guaranty.
(vi)  Corporate Resolutions: Third Party Collateral.
(vii)  Security Agreement: Equipment.
(viii)  Continuing Security Agreement: Rights to Payment.
(ix)  Third Party Security Agreements.
(x)  UCC Financing Statements.
(xi)  Such other documents as Bank may require under any other Section of
this Agreement.

(c)  Financial Condition. There shall have been no material adverse change,
as determined by Bank, in the financial condition or business of Borrower, nor
any material decline, as determined


<PAGE>

by Bank, in the market value of any collateral required hereunder or a
substantial or material portion of the assets of Borrower.

(d) Insurance. Borrower shall have delivered to Bank evidence of insurance
coverage on all Borrower's property, in form, substance, amounts, covering risks
and issued by companies satisfactory to Bank, and where required by Bank, with
loss payable endorsements in favor of Bank.

SECTION 3.2. CONDITIONS OF EACH EXTENSION OF CREDIT. The obligation of Bank
to make each extension of credit requested by Borrower hereunder shall be
subject to the fulfillment to Bank's satisfaction of each of the following
conditions:

(a) Compliance. The representations and warranties contained herein and in
each of the other Loan Documents shall be true on and as of the date of the
signing of this Agreement and on the date of each extension of credit by Bank
pursuant hereto, with the same effect as though such representations and
warranties had been made on and as of each such date, and on each such date, no
Event of Default as defined herein, and no condition, event or act which with
the giving of notice or the passage of time or both would constitute such an
Event of Default, shall have occurred and be continuing or shall exist.

(b) Documentation. Bank shall have received all additional documents which
may be required in connection with such extension of credit.

ARTICLE IV
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

Borrower covenants that so long as Bank remains committed to extend credit
to Borrower pursuant hereto, or any liabilities (whether direct or contingent,
liquidated or unliquidated) of Borrower to Bank under any of the Loan Documents
remain outstanding, and until payment in full of all obligations of Borrower
subject hereto, Borrower shall, unless Bank otherwise consents in writing:

SECTION 4.1. PUNCTUAL PAYMENTS. Punctually pay all principal, interest,
fees or other liabilities due under any of the Loan Documents at the times and
place and in the manner specified therein.

SECTION 4.2. ACCOUNTING RECORDS. Maintain adequate books and records in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied,
and permit any representative of Bank, at any reasonable time, to inspect, audit
and examine such


<PAGE>

books and records, to make copies of the same, and to inspect the properties of
Borrower.

SECTION 4.3. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Provide to Bank all of the following, in
form and detail satisfactory to Bank:

(a) not later than 90 days after and as of the end of each fiscal year, a
copy of the 10-K filed as of such fiscal year end, to include a consolidated
financial statement of Borrower and unqualified opinion prepared by a certified
public accountant acceptable to Bank, with the financial statements to include
balance sheet, income statement, retained earnings and cash flow statements;

(b) not later than 45 days after and as of the end of each fiscal quarter,
a copy of the l0-Q filed as of such fiscal quarter end to include a
consolidated financial statement of Borrower, prepared by Borrower, with the
financial statement to include balance sheet, income statement, retained
earnings and cash flow statements;

(c) contemporaneously with each annual and quarterly financial statement of
Borrower required hereby, a certificate of the president or chief financial
officer of Borrower that said financial statements are accurate and that there
exists no Event of Default nor any condition, act or event which with the giving
of notice or the passage of time or both would constitute an Event of Default,
together with supporting calculations reflecting compliance with the financial
covenants;

(d) not later than 30 days before the end of each fiscal year, Borrower's
projections of its consolidated financial statement for the next fiscal year;
and

(d) from time to time such other information as Bank may reasonably
request.

SECTION 4.4. COMPLIANCE. Preserve and maintain all licenses, permits,
governmental approvals, rights, privileges and franchises necessary for the
conduct of its business; and comply with the provisions of all documents
pursuant to which Borrower is organized and/or which govern Borrower's continued
existence and with the requirements of all laws, rules, regulations and orders
of any governmental authority applicable to Borrower and/or its business.

SECTION 4.5. INSURANCE. Maintain and keep in force insurance of the types
and in amounts customarily carried in lines of business similar to that of
Borrower, including but not limited to fire, extended coverage, public
liability, flood,


<PAGE>

property damage and workers' compensation, with all such insurance carried with
companies and in amounts satisfactory to Bank, and deliver to Bank from time to
time at Bank's request schedules setting forth all insurance then in effect.

SECTION 4.6. FACILITIES. Keep all properties useful or necessary to
Borrower's business in good repair and condition, and from time to time make
necessary repairs, renewals and replacements thereto so that such properties
shall be fully and efficiently preserved and maintained.

SECTION 4.7. TAXES AND OTHER LIABILITIES. Pay and discharge when due any
and all indebtedness, obligations, assessments and taxes, both real or personal,
including without limitation federal and state income taxes and state and local
property taxes and assessments, except such (a) as Borrower may in good faith
contest or as to which a bona fide dispute may arise, and (b) for which Borrower
has made provision, to Bank's satisfaction, for eventual payment thereof in the
event Borrower is obligated to make such payment.

SECTION 4.8. LITIGATION. Promptly give notice in writing to Bank of any
litigation pending or threatened against Borrower.

SECTION 4.9. FINANCIAL CONDITION. Maintain Borrower's consolidated
financial condition as follows using generally accepted accounting principles
consistently applied and used consistently with prior practices (except to the
extent modified by the definitions herein):

(a) Current Ratio not less than l.0 to 1.0, determined as of the end of
each fiscal quarter, with "Current Ratio" defined as the ratio of (i) total
current assets (excluding prepaid expenses other than prepaid taxes) plus,
without duplication, the outstanding principal balance of the Line of Credit, to
(ii) total current liabilities.

(b) Working Capital not less than $6,000,000.00, determined as of the end
of each fiscal quarter, with "Working Capital" defined as total current assets
minus total current liabilities.

(c) Net Worth not less than (i) $35,000,000.00, (ii) plus, on a cumulative
basis, 80% of net income in the trailing four (4) fiscal quarter period (with no
deduction for losses), plus (iii) on a cumulative basis, 100% of the proceeds of
the issuance of stock after the date hereof, minus (iv) on a cumulative basis,
the value of Borrower's stock used as consideration for acquisitions after the
date hereof, determined as of the end of each fiscal quarter, with "Net Worth"
defined as total stockholders' equity.


<PAGE>

(d) EBITDA not less than $9,500,000.00, determined as of the end of each
fiscal quarter on a trailing four (4) fiscal quarter basis, with "EBITDA"
defined as net profit before tax plus interest expense (net of capitalized
interest expense), depreciation expense and amortization expense.

(e) Leverage Ratio not greater than 3.0 to 1.0 up to and including December
31, 2001, not greater than 2.5 to 1.0 up to and including December 31, 2002, and
not greater than 2.0 to 1.0 thereafter, determined as of the end of each fiscal
quarter, with "Leverage Ratio" defined as the ratio of Funded Debt to EBITDA in
the trailing four (4) fiscal quarter period; with "Funded Debt" defined as the
sum of (i) all obligations of the Borrower and Subsidiaries for borrowed money
including but not limited to senior bank debt, senior notes, and subordinated
debt; (ii) capital leases; (iii) issued and outstanding letters of credit; and
(iv) contingent obligations); and with "EBITDA" as defined in 4.9(d) above

(f) Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio not less than 1.4 to 1.0 up to and
including December 31, 1999, not less than 1.5 to 1.0 up to and including
December 31, 2001 and not less than 2.0 to 1.0 thereafter, determined as of the
end of each fiscal quarter, with "Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio" defined as the
ratio of (i) the aggregate of EBITDA in the trailing four (4) fiscal quarter
period, plus lease expenditures and taxes paid in such period minus capital
expenditures (which shall not include acquisition expense) in such period, to
(ii) the aggregate of interest, scheduled lease and scheduled principal payments
or scheduled reductions in availability under principal under Funded Debt during
such period.

SECTION 4.10. NOTICE TO BANK. Promptly (but in no event more than five (5)
days after the occurrence of each such event or matter) give written notice to
Bank in reasonable detail of: (a) the occurrence of any Event of Default, or any
condition, event or act which with the giving of notice or the passage of time
or both would constitute an Event of Default; (b) any change in the name or the
organizational structure of Borrower; (c) the occurrence and nature of any
Reportable Event or Prohibited Transaction, each as defined in ERISA, or any
funding deficiency with respect to any Plan; or (d) any termination or
cancellation of any insurance policy which Borrower is required to maintain, or
any uninsured or partially uninsured loss through liability or property damage,
or through fire, theft or any other cause affecting Borrower's property.

SECTION 4.11. YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE. Perform all acts reasonably necessary
to ensure that (a) Borrower and any business in which Borrower holds a
substantial interest, and (b) all


<PAGE>

customers, suppliers and vendors that are material to Borrower's business,
become Year 2000 Compliant in a timely manner. Such acts shall include, without
limitation, performing a comprehensive review and assessment of all of
Borrower's systems and adopting a detailed plan, with itemized budget, for the
remediation, monitoring and testing of such systems. As used herein, "Year 2000
Compliant" shall mean, in regard to any entity, that all software, hardware,
firmware, equipment, goods or systems utilized by or material to the business
operations or financial condition of such entity, will properly perform date
sensitive functions before, during and after the year 2000. Borrower shall,
immediately upon request, provide to Bank such certifications or other evidence
of Borrower's compliance with the terms hereof as Bank may from time to time
require.

ARTICLE V
NEGATIVE COVENANTS

Borrower further covenants that so long as Bank remains committed to extend
credit to Borrower pursuant hereto, or any liabilities (whether direct or
contingent, liquidated or unliquidated) of Borrower to Bank under any of the
Loan Documents remain outstanding, and until payment in full of all obligations
of Borrower subject hereto, Borrower will not without Bank's prior written
consent:

SECTION 5.1. USE OF FUNDS. Use any of the proceeds of any of the Credits
except for the purposes stated in Article I hereof.

SECTION 5.2. OTHER INDEBTEDNESS. Create, incur, assume or permit to exist
any indebtedness or liabilities resulting from borrowings, loans or advances,
whether secured or unsecured, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated,
joint or several, except (a) the liabilities of Borrower to Bank, (b) any other
liabilities of Borrower existing as of, and disclosed to Bank prior to, the date
hereof, and (c) unsecured liabilities incurred by Borrower to sellers of equity
acquired by Borrower subject to the terms of Section 5.3 hereof.

SECTION 5.3. MERGER, CONSOLIDATION, TRANSFER OF ASSETS. Merge into,
consolidate with or acquire any or all of the equity of any other entity, except
as set forth at the end of this Section 5.3; make any substantial change in the
nature of Borrower's business as conducted as of the date hereof; acquire all or
substantially all of the assets of any other entity; nor sell, lease, transfer
or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial or material portion of Borrower's
assets except in the ordinary course of its business; provided, however, that


<PAGE>

Borrower may merge into, consolidate with and/or acquire all or substantially
all of the equity of any other entity, so long as (i) no such single
transaction, or series of related transactions, requires total consideration
(inclusive of cash, the incurring of indebtedness and the assumption of
liabilities, but exclusive of consideration paid or payable in the form of stock
in Borrower - hereafter "Non-Stock Consideration") on the part of Borrower
and/or Subsidiaries to exceed $10,000,000.00, (ii) all such transactions in each
fiscal year do not require total Non-Stock Consideration on the part of Borrower
and/or Subsidiaries to exceed $20,000,000.00; (iii) in the case of a merger or
consolidation, Borrower is the surviving entity, (iv) in the case of an
acquisition of all or substantially all of the equity of any other entity, such
other entity shall promptly execute and deliver to Bank Third Party Security
Agreements, a UCC-1 Financing Statement and a Continuing Guaranties in the form
executed by Subsidiaries, (v) prior to each such transaction, Borrower shall
deliver to Bank a certificate showing the source of funds for such transaction,
provided that no more than an aggregate of $10,000,000.00 in proceeds of the
Line of Credit shall be used as Non-Stock Consideration during the term of the
Line of Credit, and (vi) Borrower is in compliance with the terms and covenants
of this Agreement at the time of and following the closing of each such
transaction.

SECTION 5.4. GUARANTIES. Guarantee or become liable in any way as surety,
endorser (other than as endorser of negotiable instruments for deposit or
collection in the ordinary course of business), accommodation endorser or
otherwise for, nor pledge or hypothecate any assets of Borrower as security for,
any liabilities or obligations of any other person or entity, except any of the
foregoing in favor of Bank.

SECTION 5.5. LOANS, ADVANCES, INVESTMENTS. Make any loans or advances to or
investments in any person or entity, except any of the foregoing existing as of,
and disclosed to Bank prior to, the date hereof and except investments expressly
permitted under Section 5.3 hereof.

SECTION 5.6. DIVIDENDS, DISTRIBUTIONS. Declare or pay any dividend or
distribution either in cash, stock or any other property on Borrower's stock now
or hereafter outstanding, nor redeem, retire, repurchase or otherwise acquire
any shares of any class of Borrower's stock now or hereafter outstanding.

SECTION 5.7. PLEDGE OF ASSETS. Mortgage, pledge, grant or permit to exist a
security interest in, or lien upon, all or any portion of Borrower's assets now
owned or hereafter acquired, except any of the foregoing in favor of Bank or
which is existing


<PAGE>

as of, and disclosed to Bank in writing prior to, the date hereof.

ARTICLE VI
EVENTS OF DEFAULT

SECTION 6.1. The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an
"Event of Default" under this Agreement:

(a) Borrower shall fail to pay when due any principal, interest, fees or
other amounts payable under any of the Loan Documents.

(b) Any financial statement or certificate furnished to Bank in connection
with, or any representation or warranty made by Borrower or any other party
under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall prove to be incorrect,
false or misleading in any material respect when furnished or made.

(c) Any default in the performance of or compliance with any obligation,
agreement or other provision contained herein or in any other Loan Document
(other than those referred to in subsections (a) and (b) above), and with
respect to any such default which by its nature can be cured, such default shall
continue for a period of twenty (20) days from its occurrence.

(d) Any default in the payment or performance of any obligation, or any
defined event of default, under the terms of any contract or instrument (other
than any of the Loan Documents) pursuant to which Borrower has incurred any debt
or other liability to any person or entity, including Bank.

(e) The filing of a notice of judgment lien against Borrower; or the
recording of any abstract of judgment against Borrower in any county in which
Borrower has an interest in real property; or the service of a notice of levy
and/or of a writ of attachment or execution, or other like process, against the
assets of Borrower; or the entry of a judgment against Borrower.

(f) Borrower shall become insolvent, or shall suffer or consent to or apply
for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or liquidator of itself or
any of its property, or shall generally fail to pay its debts as they become
due, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; Borrower
shall file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or seeking reorganization, in
order to effect a plan or other arrangement with creditors or any other relief
under the Bankruptcy Reform Act, Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended
or recodified from time to time ("Bankruptcy Code"), or under any state or
federal law granting relief to debtors, whether now or hereafter in effect; or
any involuntary petition


<PAGE>

or proceeding pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable state or
federal law relating to bankruptcy, reorganization or other relief for debtors
is filed or commenced against Borrower, or Borrower shall file an answer
admitting the jurisdiction of the court and the material allegations of any
involuntary petition; or Borrower shall be adjudicated a bankrupt, or an order
for relief shall be entered against Borrower by any court of competent
jurisdiction under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable state or federal
law relating to bankruptcy, reorganization or other relief for debtors.

(g) There shall exist or occur any event or condition which Bank in good
faith believes impairs, or is substantially likely to impair, the prospect of
payment or performance by Borrower of its obligations under any of the Loan
Documents.

(h) The dissolution or liquidation of Borrower; or Borrower, or any of its
directors, stockholders or members, shall take action seeking to effect the
dissolution or liquidation of Borrower.

(i) Any change in ownership during the term of this Agreement of an
aggregate of twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the common stock of Borrower.

SECTION 6.2. REMEDIES. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default: (a) all
indebtedness of Borrower under each of the Loan Documents, any term thereof to
the contrary notwithstanding, shall at Bank's option and without notice become
immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or notice of
dishonor, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Borrower; (b) the
obligation, if any, of Bank to extend any further credit under any of the Loan
Documents shall immediately cease and terminate; and (c) Bank shall have all
rights, powers and remedies available under each of the Loan Documents, or
accorded by law, including without limitation the right to resort to any or all
security for any of the Credits and to exercise any or all of the rights of a
beneficiary or secured party pursuant to applicable law. All rights, powers and
remedies of Bank may be exercised at any time by Bank and from time to time
after the occurrence of an Event of Default, are cumulative and not exclusive,
and shall be in addition to any other rights, powers or remedies provided by law
or equity.


<PAGE>

ARTICLE VII
MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 7.1. NO WAIVER. No delay, failure or discontinuance of Bank in
exercising any right, power or remedy under any of the Loan Documents shall
affect or operate as a waiver of such right, power or remedy; nor shall any
single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude, waive or
otherwise affect any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any
other right, power or remedy. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any
kind by Bank of any breach of or default under any of the Loan Documents must be
in writing and shall be effective only to the extent set forth in such writing.

SECTION 7.2. NOTICES. All notices, requests and demands which any party is
required or may desire to give to any other party under any provision of this
Agreement must be in writing delivered to each party at the following address:

BORROWER:  HALL, KINION & ASSOCIATES, INC.
185 Berry Street
China Basin Landing, Suite 6440
San Francisco, CA 94107

BANK:      WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
San Francisco RCBO
420 Montgomery Street, 9th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94104

or to such other address as any party may designate by written notice to all
other parties. Each such notice, request and demand shall be deemed given or
made as follows: (a) if sent by hand delivery, upon delivery; (b) if sent by
mail, upon the earlier of the date of receipt or three (3) days after deposit
in the U.S. mail, first class and postage prepaid; and (c) if sent by telecopy,
upon receipt.

SECTION 7.3. COSTS, EXPENSES AND ATTORNEYS' FEES. Borrower shall pay to
Bank immediately upon demand the full amount of all payments, advances, charges,
costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees (to include outside
counsel fees and all allocated costs of Bank's in--house counsel), expended or
incurred by Bank in connection with (a) the negotiation and preparation of this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, Bank's continued administration hereof
and thereof, and the preparation of any amendments and waivers hereto and
thereto, (b) the enforcement of Bank's rights and/or the collection of any
amounts which become due to Bank under any of the Loan Documents, and (c) the
prosecution or defense of any action in any way related to any of the Loan
Documents, including


<PAGE>

without limitation, any action for declaratory relief, whether incurred at the
trial or appellate level, in an arbitration proceeding or otherwise, and
including any of the foregoing incurred in connection with any bankruptcy
proceeding (including without limitation, any adversary proceeding, contested
matter or motion brought by Bank or any other person) relating to any Borrower
or any other person or entity.

SECTION 7.4. SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, administrators, legal
representatives, successors and assigns of the parties; provided however, that
Borrower may not assign or transfer its interest hereunder without Bank's prior
written consent. Bank reserves the right to sell, assign, transfer, negotiate or
grant participations in all or any part of, or any interest in, Bank's rights
and benefits under each of the Loan Documents. In connection therewith, Bank may
disclose all documents and information which Bank now has or may hereafter
acquire relating to any of the Credits, Borrower or its business, or any
collateral required hereunder.

SECTION 7.5. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENT. This Agreement and the other Loan
Documents constitute the entire agreement between Borrower and Bank with respect
to the Credits and supersede all prior negotiations, communications, discussions
and correspondence concerning the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be
amended or modified only in writing signed by each party hereto.

SECTION 7.6. NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement is made and
entered into for the sole protection and benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective permitted successors and assigns, and no other person or entity shall
be a third party beneficiary of, or have any direct or indirect cause of action
or claim in connection with, this Agreement or any other of the Loan Documents
to which it is not a party.

SECTION 7.7. TIME. Time is of the essence of each and every provision of
this Agreement and each other of the Loan Documents.

SECTION 7.8. SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS. If any provision of this Agreement
shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be
ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity without
invalidating the remainder of such provision or any remaining provisions of this
Agreement.

SECTION 7.9. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which when executed and


<PAGE>

delivered shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which when taken
together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.

SECTION 7.10. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California.

SECTION 7.11. ARBITRATION.

(a) Arbitration. Upon the demand of any party, any Dispute shall be
resolved by binding arbitration (except as set forth in (e) below) in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement. A "Dispute" shall mean any action, dispute,
claim or controversy of any kind, whether in contract or tort, statutory or
common law, legal or equitable, now existing or hereafter arising under or in
connection with, or in any way pertaining to, any of the Loan Documents, or any
past, present or future extensions of credit and other activities, transactions
or obligations of any kind related directly or indirectly to any of the Loan
Documents, including without limitation, any of the foregoing arising in
connection with the exercise of any self-help, ancillary or other remedies
pursuant to any of the Loan Documents. Any party may by summary proceedings
bring an action in court to compel arbitration of a Dispute. Any party who fails
or refuses to submit to arbitration following a lawful demand by any other party
shall bear all costs and expenses incurred by such other party in compelling
arbitration of any Dispute.

(b) Governing Rules. Arbitration proceedings shall be administered by the
American Arbitration Association ("AAA") or such other administrator as the
parties shall mutually agree upon in accordance with the AAA Commercial
Arbitration Rules. All Disputes submitted to arbitration shall be resolved in
accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act (Title 9 of the United States Code),
notwithstanding any conflicting choice of law provision in any of the Loan
Documents. The arbitration shall be conducted at a location in California
selected by the AAA or other administrator. If there is any inconsistency
between the terms hereof and any such rules, the terms and procedures set forth
herein shall control. All statutes of limitation applicable to any Dispute shall
apply to any arbitration proceeding. All discovery activities shall be expressly
limited to matters directly relevant to the Dispute being arbitrated. Judgment
upon any award rendered in an arbitration may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction; provided however, that nothing contained herein shall be deemed to
be a waiver by any party that is a bank of the protections afforded to it under
12 U.S.C. ss.91 or any similar applicable state law.


<PAGE>

(c) No Waiver; Provisional Remedies, Self-Help and Foreclosure. No
provision hereof shall limit the right of any party to exercise self-help
remedies such as setoff, foreclosure against or sale of any real or personal
property collateral or security, or to obtain provisional or ancillary remedies,
including without limitation injunctive relief, sequestration, attachment,
garnishment or the appointment of a receiver, from a court of competent
jurisdiction before, after or during the pendency of any arbitration or other
proceeding. The exercise of any such remedy shall not waive the right: of any
party to compel arbitration or reference hereunder.

(d) Arbitrator Qualifications and Powers; Awards. Arbitrators must be
active members of the California State Bar or retired judges of the state or
federal judiciary of California, with expertise in the substantive laws
applicable to the subject matter of the Dispute. Arbitrators are empowered to
resolve Disputes by summary rulings in response to motions filed prior to the
final arbitration hearing. Arbitrators (I) shall resolve all Disputes in
accordance with the substantive law of the state of California, (ii) may grant
any remedy or relief that a court of the state of California could order or
grant within the scope hereof and such ancillary relief as is necessary to make
effective any award, and (iii) shall have the power to award recovery of all
costs and fees, to impose sanctions and to take such other actions as they deem
necessary to the same extent a judge could pursuant to the Federal Rules of
Civil Procedure, the California Rules of Civil Procedure or other applicable
law. Any Dispute in which the amount in controversy is $5,000,000 or less shall
be decided by a single arbitrator who shall not render an award of greater than
$5,000,000 (including damages, costs, fees and expenses). By submission to a
single arbitrator, each party expressly waives any right or claim to recover
more than $5,000,000. Any Dispute in which the amount in controversy exceeds
$5,000,000 shall be decided by majority vote of a panel of three arbitrators;
provided however, that all three arbitrators must actively participate in all
hearings and deliberations.

(e) Judicial Review. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in
any arbitration in which the amount in controversy exceeds $25,000,000, the
arbitrators shall be required to make specific, written findings of fact and
conclusions of law. In such arbitrations (I) the arbitrators shall not have the
power to make any award which is not supported by substantial evidence or which
is based on legal error, (ii) an award shall not be binding upon the parties
unless the findings of fact are supported by substantial evidence and the
conclusions of law are not erroneous under the substantive law of the state of
California, and (iii) the parties shall have in addition to


<PAGE>

the grounds referred to in the Federal Arbitration Act for vacating, modifying
or correcting an award the right to judicial review of (A) whether the findings
of fact rendered by the arbitrators are supported by substantial evidence, and
(B) whether the conclusions of law are erroneous under the substantive law of
the state of California. Judgment confirming an award in such a proceeding may
be entered only if a court determines the award is supported by substantial
evidence and not based on legal error under the substantive law of the state of
California.

(f) Real Property Collateral; Judicial Reference. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, no Dispute shall be submitted to arbitration if the
Dispute concerns indebtedness secured directly or indirectly, in whole or in
part, by any real property unless (i) the holder of the mortgage, lien or
security interest specifically elects in writing to proceed with the
arbitration, or (ii) all parties to the arbitration waive any rights or benefits
that might accrue to them by virtue of the single action rule statute of
California, thereby agreeing that all indebtedness and obligations of the
parties, and all mortgages, liens and security interests securing such
indebtedness and obligations, shall remain fully valid and enforceable. If any
such Dispute is not submitted to arbitration, the Dispute shall be referred to a
referee in accordance with California Code of Civil Procedure Section 638 et
seq., and this general reference agreement is intended to be specifically
enforceable in accordance with said Section 638. A referee with the
qualifications required herein for arbitrators shall be selected pursuant to the
AAA's selection procedures. Judgment upon the decision rendered by a referee
shall be entered in the court in which such proceeding was commenced in
accordance with California Code of Civil Procedure Sections 644 and 645.

(g) Miscellaneous. To the maximum extent practicable, the AAA, the
arbitrators and the parties shall take all action required to conclude any
arbitration proceeding within 180 days of the filing of the Dispute with the
AAA. No arbitrator or other party to an arbitration proceeding may disclose the
existence, content or results thereof, except for disclosures of information by
a party required in the ordinary course of its business, by applicable law or
regulation, or to the extent necessary to exercise any judicial review rights
set forth herein. If more than one agreement for arbitration by or between the
parties potentially applies to a Dispute, the arbitration provision most
directly related to the Loan Documents or the subject matter of the Dispute
shall control. This arbitration provision shall survive termination, amendment
or expiration of any of the Loan Documents or any relationship between the
parties.


<PAGE>

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed as of the day and year first written above.


WELLS FARGO BANK,
HALL, KINION & ASSOCIATES, INC.          NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By:                                    By:

Title:  CEO                            Title:

By:

Title: VP & CEO


<PAGE>

REVOLVING LINE OF CREDIT NOTE
$20,000,000.00                                        San Francisco, California
August 11, 1999

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned HALL, KINION & ASSOCIATES, INC.
("Borrower") promises to pay to the order of WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION ("Bank") at its office at 420 Montgomery Street, 9th Floor, San
Francisco, California, or at such other place as the holder hereof may
designate, in lawful money of the United States of America and in immediately
available funds, the principal sum of Twenty Million Dollars ($20,000,000.00),
or so much thereof as may be advanced and be outstanding, with interest thereon,
to be computed on each advance from the date of its disbursements as set forth
herein.

DEFINITIONS:

As used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth
after each, and any other term defined in this Note shall have the meaning set
forth at the place defined:

(a) "Business Day" means any day except a Saturday, Sunday or any
other day on which commercial banks in California are authorized or required by
law to close.

(b) "Fixed Rate Term" means a period commencing on a Business Day and
continuing for one (1), two (2) or three (3) months, as designated by Borrower,
during which all or a portion of the outstanding principal balance of this Note
bears interest determined in relation to LIBOR; provided however, that no Fixed
Rate Term may be selected for a principal amount less than One Million Dollars
($1,000,000.00) and multiples of Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000.00),
thereafter; and provided further, that no Fixed Rate Term shall extend beyond
the scheduled maturity date hereof. If any Fixed Rate Term would end on a day
which is not a Business Day, then such Fixed Rate Term shall be extended to the
next succeeding Business Day.

(c) "LIBOR" means the rate per annum (rounded upward, if necessary, to
the nearest whole 1/8 of 1%) and determined pursuant to the following formula:

LIBOR =          Base LIBOR
100% - LIBOR Reserve Percentage

(i) "Base LIBOR" means the rate per annum for United States dollar
deposits quoted by Bank as the Inter-Bank Market Offered Rate, with the
understanding that such rate is quoted by Bank for the purpose of calculating
effective rates of interest for loans

<PAGE>


making reference thereto, on the first day of a Fixed Rate Term for delivery of
funds on said date for a period of time approximately equal to the number of
days in such Fixed Rate Term and in an amount approximately equal to the
principal amount to which such Fixed Rate Term applies. Borrower understands and
agrees that Bank may base its quotation of the Inter-Bank Market Offered Rate
upon such offers or other market indicators of the Inter-Bank Market as Bank in
its discretion deems appropriate including, but not limited to, the rate offered
for U.S. dollar deposits on the London Inter-Bank Market.

(ii) "LIBOR Reserve Percentage" means the reserve percentage
prescribed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any
successor) for "Eurocurrercy Liabilities" (as defined in Regulation D of the
Federal Reserve Board, as amended), adjusted by Bank for expected changes in
such reserve percentage during the applicable Fixed Rate Term.

(d)  "Prime Rate" means at any time the rate of interest most recently
announced within Bank at its principal office as its Prime Rate, with the
understanding that the Prime Rate is one of Bank's base rates and serves as the
basis upon which effective rates of interest are calculated for those loans
making reference thereto, and is evidenced by the recording thereof after its
announcement in such internal publication or publications as Bank may designate.

INTEREST:

(a)  Interest. The outstanding principal balance of this Note shall
bear interest (computed on the basis of a 360--day year, actual days elapsed)
either (1) at a fluctuating rate per annum one-quarter percent (0.25%) above the
Prime Rate in effect from time to time, or (ii) at a fixed rate per annum
determined by Bank to be one and one--half percent (1.50%) above LIBOR in effect
on the first day of the applicable Fixed Rate Term. When interest is determined
in relation to the Prime Rate, each change in the rate of interest hereunder
shall become effective on the date each Prime Rate change is announced within
Bank. With respect to each LIBOR selection hereunder, Bank is hereby authorized
to note the date, principal amount, interest rate and Fixed Rate Term applicable
thereto and any payments made thereon on Bank's books and records (either
manually or by electronic entry) and/or on any schedule attached to this Note,
which notations shall be prima facie evidence of the accuracy of the information
noted.

(b)  Selection of Interest Rate Options. At any time any portion of
this Note bears interest determined in relation to LIBOR, it may be continued
by Borrower at the end of the Fixed Rate Term applicable thereto so that all or
a portion thereof



<PAGE>

bears interest determined in relation to the Prime Rate or to LIBOR for a new
Fixed Rate Term designated by Borrower. At any time any portion of this Note
bears interest determined in relation to the Prime Rate, Borrower may convert
all or a portion thereof so that it bears interest determined in relation to
LIBOR for a Fixed Rate Term designated by Borrower. At such time as Borrower
requests an advance hereunder or wishes to select a LIBOR option for all or a
portion of the outstanding principal balance hereof, and at the end of each
Fixed Rate Term, Borrower shall give Bank notice specifying: (i) the interest
rate option selected by Borrower; (ii) the principal amount subject thereto; and
(iii) for each LIBOR selection, the length of the applicable Fixed Rate Term.
Any such notice may be given by telephone so long as, with respect to each LIBOR
selection, (A) Bank receives written confirmation from Borrower not later than
three (3) Business Days after such telephone notice is given, and (B) such
notice is given to Bank prior to 10:00 a.m., California time, on the first day
of the Fixed Rate Term. For each LIBOR option requested hereunder, Bank will
quote the applicable fixed rate to Borrower at approximately 10:00 a.m.,
California time, on the first day of the Fixed Rate Term. If Borrower does not
immediately accept the rate quoted by Bank, any subsequent acceptance by
Borrower shall be subject to a redetermination by Bank of the applicable fixed
rate; provided however, that if Borrower fails to accept any such rate by 11:00
a.m., California time, on the Business Day such quotation is given, then the
quoted rate shall expire and Bank shall have no obligation to permit a LIBOR
option to be selected on such day. If no specific designation of interest is
made at the time any advance is requested hereunder or at the end of any Fixed
Rate Term, Borrower shall be deemed to have made a Prime Rate interest selection
for such advance or the principal amount to which such Fixed Rate Term applied.

(c)     Additional LIBOR Provisions.

(i)     If Bank at any time shall determine that for any reason
adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining LIBOR, then Bank
shall promptly give notice thereof to Borrower. If such notice is given and
until such notice has been withdrawn by Bank, then (A) no new LIBOR option may
be selected by Borrower, and (B) any portion of the outstanding principal
balance hereof which bears interest determined in relation to LIBOR, subsequent
to the end of the Fixed Rate Term applicable thereto, shall bear interest
determined in relation to the Prime Rate.

(ii)     If any law, treaty, rule, regulation or determination of a
court or governmental authority or any change therein or in the interpretation
or application thereof (each, a "Change in Law") shall make it unlawful for Bank
(A) to make LIBOR options


<PAGE>

available hereunder, or (B) to maintain interest rates based on LIBOR, then in
the former event, any obligation of Bank to make available such unlawful LIBOR
options shall immediately be cancelled, and in the latter event, any such
unlawful LIBOR-based interest rates then outstanding shall be converted, at
Bank's option, so that interest on the portion of the outstanding principal
balance subject thereto is determined in relation to the Prime Rate; provided
however, that if any such Change in Law shall permit any LIBOR-based interest
rates to remain in effect until the expiration of the Fixed Rate Term applicable
thereto, then such permitted LIBOR-based interest rates shall continue in effect
until the expiration of such Fixed Rate Term. Upon the occurrence of any of the
foregoing events, Borrower shall pay to Bank immediately upon demand such
amounts as may be necessary to compensate Bank for any fines, fees, charges,
penalties or other costs incurred or payable by Bank as a result thereof and
which are attributable to any LIBOR options made available to Borrower
hereunder, and any reasonable allocation made by Bank among its operations shall
be conclusive and binding upon Borrower.

(iii) If any Change in Law or compliance by Bank with any request or
directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or
other governmental authority shall:

(A)      subject Bank to any tax, duty or other charge with respect to
any LIBOR options, or change the basis of taxation of
payments to Bank of principal, interest, fees or any other
amount payable hereunder (except for changes in the rate of
tax on the overall net income of Bank); or

(B)      impose, modify or hold applicable any reserve, special
deposit, compulsory loan or similar requirement against
assets held by, deposits or other liabilities in or for the
account of, advances or loans by, or any other acquisition of
funds by any office of Bank; or

(C)      impose on Bank any other condition;

and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to Bank of
making, renewing or maintaining any LIBOR options hereunder and/or to reduce any
amount receivable by Bank in connection therewith, then in any such case,
Borrower shall pay to Bank immediately upon demand such amounts as may be
necessary to compensate Bank for any additional costs incurred by Bank and/or
reductions in amounts received by Bank which are attributable to such LIBOR
options. In determining which costs incurred by Bank and/or reductions in
amounts received by Bank are attributable to any LIBOR options made available to
Borrower hereunder, any reasonable allocation made by Bank among its operations
shall be conclusive and binding upon Borrower.


<PAGE>

(d)     Payment of Interest.  Interest accrued on this Note
shall be payable on the 15th day of each month, commencing September 15, 1999.

(e)     Default Interest. From and after the maturity date of this
Note, or such earlier date as all principal owing hereunder becomes due and
payable by acceleration or otherwise, the outstanding principal balance of this
Note shall bear interest until paid in full at an increased rate per annum
(computed on the basis of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed) equal to four
percent (4%) above the rate of interest from time to time applicable to this
Note.

BORROWING AND REPAYMENT:

(a)     Borrowing and Repayment. Borrower may from time to time during
the term of this Note borrow, partially or wholly repay its outstanding
borrowings, and reborrow, subject to all of the limitations, terms and
conditions of this Note and of any document executed in connection with or
governing this Note; provided however, that the total outstanding borrowings
under this Note shall not at any time exceed the principal amount stated above.
The unpaid principal balance of this obligation at any time shall be the total
amounts advanced hereunder by the holder hereof less the amount of principal
payments made hereon by or for any Borrower, which balance may be endorsed
hereon from time to time by the holder. The outstanding principal balance of
this Note shall be due and payable in full on July 15, 2002.

(b)     Advances. Advances hereunder, to the total amount of the
principal sum stated above, may be made by the holder at the oral or written
request of (i) Brenda Rhodes, Martin A. Kropelnicki, David B. Healey or Paul H.
Bartlett, any one acting alone, who are authorized to request advances and
direct the disposition of any advances until written notice of the revocation of
such authority is received by the holder at the office designated above, or (ii)
any person, with respect to advances deposited to the credit of any account of
any Borrower with the holder, which advances, when so deposited, shall be
conclusively presumed to have been made to or for the benefit of each Borrower
regardless of the fact that persons other than those authorized to request
advances may have authority to draw against such account. The holder shall have
no obligation to determine whether any person requesting an advance is or has
been authorized by any Borrower.

(c)     Application of Payments. Each payment made on this Note shall
be credited first, to any interest then due and second, to the outstanding
principal balance hereof. All payments credited to principal shall be applied
first, to the outstanding principal balance of this Note which bears interest


<PAGE>

determined in relation to the Prime Rate, if any, and second, to the outstanding
principal balance of this Note which bears interest determined in relation to
LIBOR, with such payments applied to the oldest Fixed Rate Term first.

PREPAYMENT:

(a)      Prime Rate. Borrower may prepay principal on any portion of
this Note which bears interest determined in relation to the Prime Rate at any
time, in any amount and without penalty.

(b)      LIBOR. Borrower may prepay principal on any portion of this
Note which bears interest determined in relation to LIBOR at any time and in the
minimum amount of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00); provided however,
that if the outstanding principal balance of such portion of this Note is less
than said amount, the minimum prepayment amount shall be the entire outstanding
principal balance thereof. In consideration of Bank providing this prepayment
option to Borrower, or if any such portion of this Note shall become due and
payable at any time prior to the last day of the Fixed Rate Term applicable
thereto by acceleration or otherwise, Borrower shall pay to Bank immediately
upon demand a fee which is the sum of the discounted monthly differences for
each month from the month of prepayment through the month in which such Fixed
Rate Term matures, calculated as follows for each such month:

(i)      Determine the amount of interest which would have accrued
each month on the amount prepaid at the interest rate
applicable to such amount had it remained outstanding until
the last day of the Fixed Rate Term applicable thereto.

(ii)      Subtract from the amount determined in (i) above the amount
of interest which would have accrued for the same month on
the amount prepaid for the remaining term of such Fixed Rate
Term at LIBOR in effect on the date of prepayment for new
loans made for such term and in a principal amount equal to
the amount prepaid.

(iii)      If the result obtained in (ii) for any month is greater than
zero, discount that difference by LIBOR used in (ii) above.

Each Borrower acknowledges that prepayment of such amount may result in Bank
incurring additional costs, expenses and/or liabilities, and that it is
difficult to ascertain the full extent of such costs, expenses and/or
liabilities. Each Borrower, therefore, agrees to pay the above-described
prepayment fee and agrees that said amount represents a reasonable estimate of
the prepayment costs, expenses and/or liabilities of Bank. If


<PAGE>

Borrower fails to pay any prepayment fee when due, the amount of such prepayment
fee shall thereafter bear interest until paid at a rate per annum two percent
(2.00%) above the Prime Rate in effect from time to time (computed on the basis
of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed). Each change in the rate of interest on
any such past due prepayment fee shall become effective on the date each Prime
Rate change is announced within Bank.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT:

This Note is made pursuant to and is subject to the terms and conditions of
that certain Credit Agreement between Borrower and Bank dated as of August 11,
1999, as amended from time to time (the "Credit Agreement") . Any default in the
payment or performance of any obligation under this Note, or any defined event
of default under the Credit Agreement, shall constitute an "Event of Default"
under this Note.

MISCELLANEOUS:

(a)      Remedies. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, the
holder of this Note, at the holder's option, may declare all sums of principal
and interest outstanding hereunder to be immediately due and payable without
presentment, demand, notice of nonperformance, notice of protest, protest or
notice of dishonor, all of which are expressly waived by each Borrower, and the
obligation, if any, of the holder to extend any further credit hereunder shall
immediately cease and terminate. Each Borrower shall pay to the holder
immediately upon demand the full amount of all payments, advances, charges,
costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees (to include outside
counsel fees and all allocated costs of the holder's in-house counsel),
expended or incurred by the holder in connection with the enforcement of the
holder's rights and/or the collection of any amounts which become due to the
holder under this Note, and the prosecution or defense of any action in any way
related to this Note, including without limitation, any action for declaratory
relief, whether incurred at the trial or appellate level, in an arbitration
proceeding or otherwise, and including any of the foregoing incurred in
connection with any bankruptcy proceeding (including without limitation, any
adversary proceeding, contested matter or motion brought by Bank or any other
person) relating to any Borrower or any other person or entity.

(b)      Obligations Joint and Several. Should more than one person
or entity sign this Note as a Borrower, the obligations of each such Borrower
shall be joint and several.

(c)      Governing Law. This Note shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of California.


<PAGE>

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Note as of the
date first written above.

HALL, KINION & ASSOCIATES, INC.

By:
Brenda Rhodes
Chief Executive Officer

By:
Martin A. Kropelnicki
Chief Financial Officer


<PAGE>

TERM NOTE

$10,000,000.00                                         San Francisco, California
August 11, 1999

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned HALL, KINION & ASSOCIATES, INC.
("Borrower") promises to pay to the order of WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION ("Bank") at its office at 420 Montgomery Street, 9th Floor,
California, or at such other place as the holder hereof may designate, in lawful
money of the United States of America and in immediately available funds, the
principal sum of Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000.00), with interest thereon as
set forth herein.

DEFINITIONS:

As used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth
after each, and any other term defined in this Note shall have the meaning set
forth at the place defined:

(a) "Business Day" means any day except a Saturday, Sunday or any
other day on which commercial banks in California are authorized or required by
law to close.

(b) "Fixed Rate Term" means a period commencing on a Business Day and
continuing for one (1), two (2) or three (3) months, as designated by Borrower,
during which all or a portion of the outstanding principal balance of this Note
bears interest determined in relation to LIBOR; provided however, that no Fixed
Rate Term may be selected for a principal amount less than One Million Dollars
($1,000,000.00) and multiples of Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000.00),
thereafter; and provided further, that no Fixed Rate Term shall extend beyond
the scheduled maturity date hereof. If any Fixed Rate Term would end on a day
which is not a Business Day, then such Fixed Rate Term shall be extended to the
next succeeding Business Day.

(c) "LIBOR" means the rate per annum (rounded upward, if necessary, to
the nearest whole 1/8 of 1%) and determined pursuant to the following formula:

LIBOR =            Base LIBOR
100% - LIBOR Reserve Percentage

(i) "Base LIBOR" means the rate per annum for United States dollar
deposits quoted by Bank as the Inter-Bank Market Offered Rate, with the
understanding that such rate is quoted by Bank for the purpose of calculating
effective rates of interest for loans making reference thereto, on the first day
of a Fixed Rate Term for delivery of funds on said date for a period of time

<PAGE>

approximately equal to the number of days in such Fixed Rate Term and in an
amount approximately equal to the principal amount to which such Fixed Rate
Term applies. Borrower understands and agrees that Bank may base its quotation
of the Inter-Bank Market Offered Rate upon such offers or other market
indicators of the Inter-Bank Market as Bank in its discretion deems appropriate
including, but not limited to, the rate offered for U.S. dollar deposits on the
London Inter-Bank Market.

(ii) "LIBOR Reserve Percentage" means the reserve percentage
prescribed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any
successor) for "Eurocurrency Liabilities" (as defined in Regulation D of the
Federal Reserve Board, as amended), adjusted by Bank for expected changes in
such reserve percentage during the applicable Fixed Rate Term.

(d)  "Prime Rate" means at any time the rate of interest most recently
announced within Bank at its principal office as its Prime Rate, with the
understanding that the Prime Rate is one of Bank's base rates and serves as the
basis upon which effective rates of interest are calculated for those loans
making reference thereto, and is evidenced by the recording thereof after its
announcement in such internal publication or publications as Bank may designate.

INTEREST:

(a)  Interest. The outstanding principal balance of this Note shall
bear interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed)
either (i) at a fluctuating rate per annum one-quarter percent (0.25%) above the
Prime Rate in effect from time to time, or (ii) at a fixed rate per annum
determined by Bank to be one and one-half percent (1.50%) above LIBOR in effect
on the first day of the applicable Fixed Rate Term. When interest is determined
in relation to the Prime Rate, each change in the rate of interest hereunder
shall become effective on the date each Prime Rate change is announced within
Bank. With respect to each LIBOR selection hereunder, Bank is hereby authorized
to note the date, principal amount, interest rate and Fixed Rate Term applicable
thereto and any payments made thereon on Bank's books and records (either
manually or by electronic entry) and/or on any schedule attached to this Note,
which notations shall be prima facie evidence of the accuracy of the information
noted.

(b)  Selection of Interest Rate Options. At any time any portion of
this Note bears interest determined in relation to LIBOR, it may be continued by
Borrower at the end the Fixed Rate Term applicable thereto so that all or a
portion thereof bears interest determined in relation to the Prime Rate or to
LIBOR for a new Fixed Rate Term designated by Borrower. At any time any



<PAGE>

portion of this Note bears interest determined in relation to the Prime Rate,
Borrower may convert all or a portion thereof so that it bears interest
determined in relation to LIBOR for a Fixed Rate Term designated by Borrower. At
the time this Note is disbursed or Borrower wishes to select a LIBOR option for
all or a portion of the outstanding principal balance hereof, and at the end of
each Fixed Rate Term, Borrower shall give Bank notice specifying: (i) the
interest rate option selected by Borrower; (ii) the principal amount subject
thereto; and (iii) for each LIBOR selection, the length of the applicable Fixed
Rate Term. Any such notice may be given by telephone so long as, with respect to
each LIBOR selection, (A) Bank receives written confirmation from Borrower not
later than three (3) Business Days after such telephone notice is given, and (B)
such notice is given to Bank prior to 10:00 a.m., California time, on the first
day of the Fixed Rate Term. For each LIBOR option requested hereunder, Bank will
quote the applicable fixed rate to Borrower at approximately 10:00 a.m.,
California time, on the first day of the Fixed Rate Term. If Borrower does not
immediately accept the rate quoted by Bank, any subsequent acceptance by
Borrower shall be subject to a redetermination by Bank of the applicable fixed
rate; provided however, that if Borrower fails to accept any such rate by 11:00
a.m., California time, on the Business Day such quotation is given, then the
quoted rate shall expire and Bank shall have no obligation to permit a LIBOR
option to be selected on such day. If no specific designation of interest is
made at the time this Note is disbursed or at the end of any Fixed Rate Term,
Borrower shall be deemed to have made a Prime Rate interest selection for this
Note or the principal amount to which such Fixed Rate Term applied.

(c)  Additional LIBOR Provisions.

(i)  If Bank at any time shall determine that for any reason adequate
and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining LIBOR, then Bank shall
promptly give notice thereof to Borrower. If such notice is given and until such
notice has been withdrawn by Bank, then (A) no new LIBOR option may be selected
by Borrower, and (B) any portion of the outstanding principal balance hereof
which bears interest determined in relation to LIBOR, subsequent to the end of
the Fixed Rate Term applicable thereto, shall bear interest determined in
relation to the Prime Rate.

(ii) If any law, treaty, rule, regulation or determination of a court
or governmental authority or any change therein or in the interpretation or
application thereof (each, a "Change in Law") shall make it unlawful for Bank
(A) to make LIBOR options available hereunder, or (B) to maintain interest rates
based on LIBOR, then in the former event, any obligation of Bank to make
available such unlawful LIBOR options shall immediately be


<PAGE>

cancelled, and in the latter event, any such unlawful LIBOR-based interest rates
then outstanding shall be converted, at Bank's option, so that interest on the
portion of the outstanding principal balance subject thereto is determined in
relation to the Prime Rate; provided however, that if any such Change in Law
shall permit any LIBOR-based interest rates to remain in effect until the
expiration of the Fixed Rate Term applicable thereto, then such permitted
LIBOR-based interest rates shall continue in effect until the expiration of
such Fixed Rate Term. Upon the occurrence of any of the foregoing events,
Borrower shall pay to Bank immediately upon demand such amounts as may be
necessary to compensate Bank for any fines, fees, charges, penalties or other
costs incurred or payable by Bank as a result thereof and which are attributable
to any LIBOR options made available to Borrower hereunder, and any reasonable
allocation made by Bank among its operations shall be conclusive and binding
upon Borrower.

(iii)     If any Change in Law or compliance by Bank with any request
or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or
other governmental authority shall:

(A)     subject Bank to any tax, duty or other charge with respect to
any LIBOR options, or change the basis of taxation of
payments to Bank of principal, interest, fees or any other
amount payable hereunder (except for changes in the rate of
tax on the overall net income of Bank); or

(B)     impose, modify or hold applicable any reserve, special
deposit, compulsory loan or similar requirement against
assets held by, deposits or other liabilities in or for the
account of, advances or loans by, or any other acquisition of
funds by any office of Bank; or

(C)     impose on Bank any other condition;

and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to Bank of
making, renewing or maintaining any LIBOR options hereunder and/or to reduce any
amount receivable by Bank in connection therewith, then in any such case,
Borrower shall pay to Bank immediately upon demand such amounts as may be
necessary to compensate Bank for any additional costs incurred by Bank and/or
reductions in amounts received by Bank which are attributable to such LIBOR
options. In determining which costs incurred by Bank and/or reductions in
amounts received by Bank are attributable to any LIBOR options made available to
Borrower hereunder, any reasonable allocation made by Bank among its operations
shall be conclusive and binding upon Borrower.


<PAGE>

(d) Payment of Interest. Interest accrued on this Note shall be
payable on the 15th day of each month, commencing September 15, 1999.

(e) Default Interest. From and after the maturity date of this Note,
or such earlier date as all principal owing hereunder becomes due and payable by
acceleration or otherwise, the outstanding principal balance of this Note shall
bear interest until paid in full at an increased rate per annum (computed on the
basis of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed) equal to four percent (4%) above
the rate of interest from time to time applicable to this Note.

REPAYMENT AND PREPAYMENT:

(a) Repayment. Principal shall be payable on the 15th day of each
month in installments of One Hundred Sixty-six Thousand Six Hundred Sixty-six
and 67/100 Dollars ($166,666.67) each, commencing September 15, 1999, and
continuing up to and including June 15, 2004, with a final installment
consisting of all remaining unpaid principal due and payable in full on July 15,
2004.

(b) Application of Payments. Each payment made on this Note shall be
credited first, to any interest then due and second, to the outstanding
principal balance hereof. All payments credited to principal shall be applied
first, to the outstanding principal balance of this Note which bears interest
determined in relation to the Prime Rate, if any, and second, to the outstanding
principal balance of this Note which bears interest determined in relation to
LIBOR, with such payments applied to the oldest Fixed Rate Term first.

(c) Prepayment.

Prime Rate. Borrower may prepay principal on any portion of this Note
which bears interest determined in relation to the Prime Rate at any time, in
any amount and without penalty.

LIBOR. Borrower may prepay principal on any portion of this Note which
bears interest determined in relation to LIBOR at any time and in the minimum
amount of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00); provided however, that if
the outstanding principal balance of such portion of this Note is less than said
amount, the minimum prepayment amount shall be the entire outstanding principal
balance thereof. In consideration of Bank providing this prepayment option to
Borrower, or if any such portion of this Note shall become due and payable at
any time prior to the last day of the Fixed Rate Term applicable thereto by
acceleration or otherwise, Borrower shall pay to Bank immediately upon demand a
fee which is the sum of the discounted


<PAGE>

monthly differences for each month from the month of prepayment through the
month in which such Fixed Rate Term matures, calculated as follows for each such
month:

(i)     Determine the amount of interest which would have accrued
each month on the amount prepaid at the interest rate
applicable to such amount had it remained outstanding until
the last day of the Fixed Rate Term applicable thereto.

(ii)     Subtract from the amount determined in (i) above the amount
of interest which would have accrued for the same month on
the amount prepaid for the remaining term of such Fixed Rate
Term at LIBOR in effect on the date of prepayment for new
loans made for such term and in a principal amount equal to
the amount prepaid.

(iii)     If the result obtained in (ii) for any month is greater than
zero, discount that difference by LIBOR used in (ii) above.

Each Borrower acknowledges that prepayment of such amount may result in Bank
incurring additional costs, expenses and/or liabilities, and that it is
difficult to ascertain the full extent of such costs, expenses and/or
liabilities. Each Borrower, therefore, agrees to pay the above-described
prepayment fee and agrees that said amount represents a reasonable estimate of
the prepayment costs, expenses and/or liabilities of Bank. If Borrower fails to
pay any prepayment fee when due, the amount of such prepayment fee shall
thereafter bear interest until paid at a rate per annum two percent (2.0%) above
the Prime Rate in effect from time to time (computed on the basis of a 360-day
year, actual days elapsed).

All prepayments of principal shall be applied on the most remote
principal installment or installments then unpaid.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT:

This Note is made pursuant to and is subject to the terms and
conditions of that certain Credit Agreement between Borrower and Bank dated as
of August 11, 1999, as amended from time to time (the "Credit Agreement"). Any
default in the payment or performance of any obligation under this Note, or any
defined event of default under the Credit Agreement, shall constitute an "Event
of Default" under this Note.

MISCELLANEOUS:

(a)     Remedies. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, the
holder of this Note, at the holder's option, may declare all


<PAGE>

sums of principal and interest outstanding hereunder to be immediately due and
payable without presentment, demand, notice of nonperformance, notice of
protest, protest or notice of dishonor, all of which are expressly waived by
each Borrower. Each Borrower shall pay to the holder immediately upon demand the
full amount of all payments, advances, charges, costs and expenses, including
reasonable attorneys' fees (to include outside counsel fees and all allocated
costs of the holder's in-house counsel), expended or incurred by the holder in
connection with the enforcement of the holder's rights and/or the collection of
any amounts which become due to the holder under this Note, and the prosecution
or defense of any action in any way related to this Note, including without
limitation, any action for declaratory relief, whether incurred at the trial or
appellate level, in an arbitration proceeding or otherwise, and including any of
the foregoing incurred in connection with any bankruptcy proceeding (including
without limitation, any adversary proceeding, contested matter or motion brought
by Bank or any other person) relating to any Borrower or any other person or
entity.

(b)      Obligations Joint and Several. Should more than one person
or entity sign this Note as a Borrower, the obligations of each such Borrower
shall be joint and several.

(c)      Governing Law. This Note shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of California.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Note as of the
date first written above.

HALL, KINION & ASSOCIATES, INC.

By:
Brenda Rhodes
Chief Executive Officer

By:
Martin A. Kropelnicki
Chief Financial Officer


<PAGE>

CREDIT AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT is entered into as of September 15, 2001 by and between
HALL, KINION & ASSOCIATES, INC., a Delaware corporation ("Borrower"), and WELLS
FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("Bank").

RECITALS

Borrower has requested that Bank extend or continue credit to Borrower
as described below, and Bank has agreed to provide such credit to Borrower on
the terms and conditions contained herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, Bank and Borrower hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I
CREDIT TERMS

SECTION 1.1. LINE OF CREDIT.

(a) Line of Credit. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Bank hereby agrees to make advances to Borrower from time to time up
to and including October 15, 2002, not to exceed at any time the aggregate
principal amount of Fourteen Million Dollars ($14,000,000.00) ("Line of
Credit"), the proceeds of which shall be used to finance working capital
requirements. Borrower's obligation to repay advances under the Line of Credit
shall be evidenced by a promissory note substantially in the form of Exhibit A
attached hereto ("Line of Credit Note"), all terms of which are incorporated
herein by this reference.

(b) Letter of Credit Subfeature. As a subfeature under the Line of
Credit, Bank agrees from time to time during the term thereof to issue or cause
an affiliate to issue standby letters of credit for the account of Borrower to
finance workmen's compensation insurance requirements (each, a "Letter of
Credit" and collectively, "Letters of Credit"); provided however, that the
aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit shall not at any
time exceed Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000.00). The form and substance
of each Letter of Credit shall be subject to approval by Bank, in its sole
discretion. No Letter of Credit shall have an expiration date subsequent to
August 1, 2002. The undrawn amount of all Letters of Credit shall be reserved
under the Line of Credit and shall not be available for borrowings thereunder.
Each Letter of Credit shall be subject to the additional terms and conditions of
the Letter of Credit agreements, applications and any related documents required
by Bank in connection with the issuance thereof. Each draft paid under a Letter
of Credit shall be deemed an advance under the Line of Credit and shall be
repaid by Borrower in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement
applicable to such advances; provided however, that if advances under the Line
of Credit are not available, for any reason, at the time any draft is paid, then
Borrower shall immediately pay to Bank the full amount of such draft, together
with interest thereon from the date such draft is paid to the date such amount
is fully repaid by Borrower, at the rate of interest applicable to advances
under the Line of Credit. In such event Borrower agrees that Bank, in its sole
discretion, may debit any account maintained by Borrower with Bank for the
amount of any such draft.


<PAGE>

(c) Borrowing and Repayment. Borrower may from time to time during the
term of the Line of Credit borrow, partially or wholly repay its outstanding
borrowings, and reborrow, subject to all of the limitations, terms and
conditions contained herein or in the Line of Credit Note; provided however,
that the total outstanding borrowings under the Line of Credit shall not at any
time exceed the maximum principal amount available thereunder, as set forth
above.

SECTION 1.2. INTEREST/FEES.

(a) Interest. The outstanding principal balance of the Line of Credit
shall bear interest at the rate of interest set forth in the Line of Credit
Note.

(b) Computation and Payment. Interest shall be computed on the basis of
a 360-day year, actual days elapsed. Interest shall be payable at the times and
place set forth in each promissory note or other instrument required hereby.

(c) Unused Commitment Fee. Borrower shall pay to Bank a fee equal to
one-quarter of one percent (0.25%) per annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day
year, actual days elapsed) on the average daily unused amount of the Line of
Credit, which fee shall be calculated on a quarterly basis by Bank and shall be
due and payable by Borrower in arrears within five (5) days after each billing
is sent by Bank commencing on November 15, 2001.

(d) Letter of Credit Fees. Borrower shall pay to Bank (i) fees upon the
issuance of each Letter of Credit equal to two percent (2.00%) per annum
(computed on the basis of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed) of the face
amount thereof, and (ii) fees upon the payment or negotiation of each draft
under any Letter of Credit and fees upon the occurrence of any other activity
with respect to any Letter of Credit (including without limitation, the
transfer, amendment or cancellation of any Letter of Credit) determined in
accordance with Bank's standard fees and charges then in effect for such
activity.

SECTION 1.3. COLLECTION OF PAYMENTS. Borrower authorizes Bank to collect
all interest and fees due under the Line of Credit by charging Borrower's
deposit account number 4296-908650 with Bank, or any other deposit account
maintained by Borrower with Bank, for the full amount thereof. Should there be
insufficient funds in any such deposit account to pay all such sums when due,
the full amount of such deficiency shall be immediately due and payable by
Borrower.

SECTION 1.4. COLLATERAL.

As security for all indebtedness of Borrower to Bank under the Line of
Credit, (i) Borrower hereby grants to Bank, and (ii) shall cause each of its
subsidiaries listed on Schedule I hereto (collectively, "Subsidiaries"), to
grant to Bank, security interests of first priority in all Borrower's and
Borrower's Subsidiaries accounts receivable, general intangibles, other rights
to payment, equipment and proceeds of the foregoing.

All of the foregoing shall be evidenced by and subject to the terms of
such security agreements, financing statements, deeds of trust and other
documents as Bank shall reasonably require, all in form and substance
satisfactory to Bank. Borrower shall reimburse Bank immediately upon demand for
all costs and expenses incurred by Bank in connection with any of the foregoing
security, including without limitation, filing and recording fees and costs of
appraisals, audits and title insurance.


<PAGE>

SECTION 1.5. GUARANTIES. All indebtedness of Borrower to Bank
under the Line of Credit shall be guaranteed jointly and severally by
Subsidiaries in the principal amount of Fourteen Million Dollars
($14,000,000.00) each, as evidenced by and subject to the terms of guaranties in
form and substance satisfactory to Bank.

ARTICLE II
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Borrower makes the following representations and warranties to Bank,
which representations and warranties shall survive the execution of this
Agreement and shall continue in full force and effect until the full and final
payment, and satisfaction and discharge, of all obligations of Borrower to Bank
subject to this Agreement.

SECTION 2.1. LEGAL STATUS. Borrower is a corporation, duly organized and
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, and is
qualified or licensed to do business (and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation, if applicable) in all jurisdictions in which such qualification or
licensing is required or in which the failure to so qualify or to be so licensed
could have a material adverse effect on Borrower.

SECTION 2.2. AUTHORIZATION AND VALIDITY. This Agreement and each
promissory note, contract, instrument and other document required hereby or at
any time hereafter delivered to Bank in connection herewith (collectively, the
"Loan Documents") have been duly authorized, and upon their execution and
delivery in accordance with the provisions hereof will constitute legal, valid
and binding agreements and obligations of Borrower or the party which executes
the same, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms.

SECTION 2.3. NO VIOLATION. The execution, delivery and performance by
Borrower of each of the Loan Documents do not violate any provision of any law
or regulation, or contravene any provision of the Articles of Incorporation or
By-Laws of Borrower, or result in any breach of or default under any contract,
obligation, indenture or other instrument to which Borrower is a party or by
which Borrower may be bound.

SECTION 2.4. LITIGATION. There are no pending, or to the best of
Borrower's knowledge threatened, actions, claims, investigations, suits or
proceedings by or before any governmental authority, arbitrator, court or
administrative agency which could have a material adverse effect on the
financial condition or operation of Borrower other than those disclosed by
Borrower to Bank in writing prior to the date hereof.

SECTION 2.5. CORRECTNESS OF FINANCIAL STATEMENT. The financial statement
of Borrower dated June 30, 2001, a true copy of which has been delivered by
Borrower to Bank prior to the date hereof, (a) is complete and correct and
presents fairly the financial condition of Borrower, (b) discloses all
liabilities of Borrower that are required to be reflected or reserved against
under generally accepted accounting principles, whether liquidated or
unliquidated, fixed or contingent, and (c) has been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied. Since the date of
such financial statement there has been no material adverse change in the
financial condition of Borrower, nor has Borrower mortgaged, pledged, granted a
security interest in or otherwise encumbered any of its assets or properties
except in favor of Bank or as otherwise permitted by Bank in writing.


<PAGE>

SECTION 2.6.  INCOME TAX RETURNS. Borrower has no knowledge of any
pending assessments or adjustments of its income tax payable with respect to
any year.

SECTION 2.7.  NO SUBORDINATION. There is no agreement, indenture,
contract or instrument to which Borrower is a party or by which Borrower may be
bound that requires the subordination in right of payment of any of Borrower's
obligations subject to this Agreement to any other obligation of Borrower.

SECTION 2.8.  PERMITS, FRANCHISES. Borrower possesses, and will
hereafter possess, all permits, consents, approvals, franchises and licenses
required and rights to all trademarks, trade names, patents, and fictitious
names, if any, necessary to enable it to conduct the business in which it is now
engaged in compliance with applicable law.

SECTION 2.9.  ERISA. Borrower is in compliance in all material respects
with all applicable provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended or recodified from time to time ("ERISA"); Borrower has not
violated any provision of any defined employee pension benefit plan (as defined
in ERISA) maintained or contributed to by Borrower (each, a "Plan"); no
Reportable Event as defined in ERISA has occurred and is continuing with respect
to any Plan initiated by Borrower; Borrower has met its minimum funding
requirements under ERISA with respect to each Plan; and each Plan will be able
to fulfill its benefit obligations as they come due in accordance with the Plan
documents and under generally accepted accounting principles.

SECTION 2.10. OTHER OBLIGATIONS. Borrower is not in default on any
obligation for borrowed money, any purchase money obligation or any other
material lease, commitment, contract, instrument or obligation.

SECTION 2.11. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS. Except as disclosed by Borrower to
Bank in writing prior to the date hereof, Borrower is in compliance in all
material respects with all applicable federal or state environmental, hazardous
waste, health and safety statutes, and any rules or regulations adopted pursuant
thereto, which govern or affect any of Borrower's operations and/or properties,
including without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, the Superfund Amendments and
Reauthorization Act of 1986, the Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act
of 1976, and the Federal Toxic Substances Control Act, as any of the same may be
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. None of the operations of
Borrower is the subject of any federal or state investigation evaluating whether
any remedial action involving a material expenditure is needed to respond to a
release of any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the environment.
Borrower has no material contingent liability in connection with any release of
any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the environment.


ARTICLE III
CONDITIONS

SECTION  3.1. CONDITIONS OF INITIAL EXTENSION OF CREDIT. The obligation
of Bank to extend any credit contemplated by this Agreement is subject to the
fulfillment to Bank's satisfaction of all of the following conditions:


<PAGE>


(a) Approval of Bank Counsel. All legal matters incidental to the
extension of credit by Bank shall be satisfactory to Bank's counsel.

(b) Documentation. Bank shall have received, in form and substance
satisfactory to Bank, each of the following, duly executed:

(i)   This Agreement and each promissory note or other instrument required
hereby.
(ii)   Corporate Resolution: Borrowing.
(iii)   Certificates of Incumbency.
(iv)   Continuing Guaranties.
(v)   Corporate Resolutions: Continuing Guaranty.
(vi)   Corporate Resolutions: Third Party Collateral.
(vii)   Security Agreement: Equipment.
(viii)   Continuing Security Agreement: Rights to Payment.
(ix)   Third Party Security Agreements.
(x)   UCC Financing Statements.
(xi)   Such other documents as Bank may require under any other Section of
this Agreement.

(c) Financial Condition. There shall have been no material adverse
change, as determined by Bank, in the financial condition or business of
Borrower or any guarantor hereunder, nor any material decline, as determined by
Bank, in the market value of any collateral required hereunder or a substantial
or material portion of the assets of Borrower or any such guarantor.

(d) Insurance. Borrower shall have delivered to Bank evidence of
insurance coverage on all Borrower's property, in form, substance, amounts,
covering risks and issued by companies satisfactory to Bank, and where required
by Bank, with loss payable endorsements in favor of Bank.

SECTION 3.2. CONDITIONS OF EACH EXTENSION OF CREDIT. The obligation of
Bank to make each extension of credit requested by Borrower hereunder shall be
subject to the fulfillment to Bank's satisfaction of each of the following
conditions:

(a) Compliance. The representations and warranties contained herein and
in each of the other Loan Documents shall be true on and as of the date of the
signing of this Agreement and on the date of each extension of credit by Bank
pursuant hereto, with the same effect as though such representations and
warranties had been made on and as of each such date, and on each such date, no
Event of Default as defined herein, and no condition, event or act which with
the giving of notice or the passage of time or both would constitute such an
Event of Default, shall have occurred and be continuing or shall exist.

(b) Documentation. Bank shall have received all additional documents
which may be required in connection with such extension of credit.


<PAGE>


ARTICLE IV
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

Borrower covenants that so long as Bank remains committed to extend
credit to Borrower pursuant hereto, or any liabilities (whether direct or
contingent, liquidated or unliquidated) of Borrower to Bank under any of the
Loan Documents remain outstanding, and until payment in full of all obligations
of Borrower subject hereto, Borrower shall, unless Bank otherwise consents in
writing:

SECTION 4.1. PUNCTUAL PAYMENTS. Punctually pay all principal, interest,
fees or other liabilities due under any of the Loan Documents at the times and
place and in the manner specified therein.

SECTION 4.2. ACCOUNTING RECORDS. Maintain adequate books and records in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied,
and permit any representative of Bank, at any reasonable time, to inspect, audit
and examine such books and records, to make copies of the same, and to inspect
the properties of Borrower.

SECTION 4.3. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Provide to Bank all of the following,
in form and detail satisfactory to Bank:

(a) not later than 90 days after and as of the end of each fiscal year,
a copy of the 10-K filed as of such fiscal year end, to include a consolidated
financial statement of Borrower and unqualified opinion prepared by a certified
public accountant acceptable to Bank, with the financial statements to include
balance sheet, income statement, retained earnings and cash flow statements;

(b) not later than 45 days after and as of the end of each fiscal
quarter, a copy of the 10-Q filed as of such fiscal quarter end to include a
consolidated financial statement of Borrower, prepared by Borrower, with the
financial statement to include balance sheet, income statement, retained
earnings and cash flow statements;

(c) contemporaneously with each annual and quarterly financial statement
of Borrower required hereby, a certificate of the president or chief financial
officer of Borrower that said financial statements are accurate and that there
exists no Event of Default nor any condition, act or event which with the giving
of notice or the passage of time or both would constitute an Event of Default,
together with supporting calculations reflecting compliance with the financial
covenants;

(d) not later than 30 days before the end of each fiscal year,
Borrower's projections of its consolidated financial statement for the next
fiscal year, and

(e) from time to time such other information as Bank may reasonably
request.

SECTION 4.4. COMPLIANCE. Preserve and maintain all licenses, permits,
governmental approvals, rights, privileges and franchises necessary for the
conduct of its business; and comply with the provisions of all documents
pursuant to which Borrower is organized and/or which govern Borrower's continued
existence and with the requirements of all laws, rules, regulations and orders
of any governmental authority applicable to Borrower and/or its business.


<PAGE>

SECTION 4.5. INSURANCE. Maintain and keep in force insurance of the
types and in amounts customarily carried in lines of business similar to that of
Borrower, including but not limited to fire, extended coverage, public
liability, flood, property damage and workers' compensation, with all such
insurance carried with companies and in amounts satisfactory to Bank, and
deliver to Bank from time to time at Bank's request schedules setting forth all
insurance then in effect.

SECTION 4.6. FACILITIES. Keep all properties useful or necessary to
Borrower's business in good repair and condition, and from time to time make
necessary repairs, renewals and replacements thereto so that such properties
shall be fully and efficiently preserved and maintained.

SECTION 4.7. TAXES AND OTHER LIABILITIES. Pay and discharge when due any
and all indebtedness, obligations, assessments and taxes, both real or personal,
including without limitation federal and state income taxes and state and local
property taxes and assessments, except such (a) as Borrower may in good faith
contest or as to which a bona fide dispute may arise, and (b) for which Borrower
has made provision, to Bank's satisfaction, for eventual payment thereof in the
event Borrower is obligated to make such payment.

SECTION 4.8. LITIGATION. Promptly give notice in writing to Bank of any
litigation pending or threatened against Borrower.

SECTION 4.9. FINANCIAL CONDITION. Maintain Borrower's financial
condition as follows using generally accepted accounting principles consistently
applied and used consistently with prior practices (except to the extent
modified by the definitions herein), with compliance determined commencing with
Borrower's financial statements for the period ending September 30, 2001:

(a) Working Capital not at any time less than $50,000,000.00, with
"Working Capital" defined as total current assets minus total current
liabilities.

(b) Tangible Net Worth not at any time less than $65,000,000.00, with
"Tangible Net Worth" defined as the aggregate of total stockholders' equity plus
subordinated debt less any intangible assets.

(c) Net income after taxes not less than $1.00 on an annual basis,
determined as of each fiscal year end, and pre-tax profit not less than $1.00
on a quarterly basis, determined as of each fiscal quarter end commencing on the
first quarter of fiscal year 2002.

(d) EBITDA Coverage Ratio not less than 3.0 to 1.0 determined as of each
fiscal year end, measured on a quarterly basis, with "EBITDA" defined as net
profit before tax plus interest expense (net of capitalized interest expense),
depreciation expense and amortization expense, and with "EBITDA Coverage Ratio"
defined as EBITDA divided by the aggregate of total interest expense plus the
prior period current maturity of long-term debt and the prior period current
maturity of subordinated debt.

(e) Funded Debt to EBITDA not greater than 2.50 to 1.00, determined as
of each fiscal year end, with "Funded Debt" defined as the aggregate of all
interest bearing obligations, inclusive, without duplication, of interest
bearing obligations guaranteed by Borrower, capitalized leases and letters of
credit", and with EBITDA as defined above.


<PAGE>

SECTION 4.10. NOTICE TO BANK. Promptly (but in no event more than five
(5) days after the occurrence of each such event or matter) give written notice
to Bank in reasonable detail of: (a) the occurrence of any Event of Default, or
any condition, event or act which with the giving of notice or the passage of
time or both would constitute an Event of Default; (b) any change in the name or
the organizational structure of Borrower; (c) the occurrence and nature of any
Reportable Event or Prohibited Transaction, each as defined in ERISA, or any
funding deficiency with respect to any Plan; or (d) any termination or
cancellation of any insurance policy which Borrower is required to maintain, or
any uninsured or partially uninsured loss through liability or property damage,
or through fire, theft or any other cause affecting Borrower's property.

ARTICLE V
NEGATIVE COVENANTS

Borrower further covenants that so long as Bank remains committed to
extend credit to Borrower pursuant hereto, or any liabilities (whether direct or
contingent, liquidated or unliquidated) of Borrower to Bank under any of the
Loan Documents remain outstanding, and until payment in full of all obligations
of Borrower subject hereto, Borrower will not without Bank's prior written
consent:

SECTION 5.1. USE OF FUNDS. Use any of the proceeds of any credit
extended hereunder except for the purposes stated in Article I hereof.

SECTION 5.2. CAPITAL EXPENDITURES. Make any additional investment in
fixed assets in any fiscal year in excess of an aggregate of $4,100,000.00.

SECTION 5.3. OTHER INDEBTEDNESS. Create, incur, assume or permit to
exist any indebtedness or liabilities resulting from borrowings, loans or
advances, whether secured or unsecured, matured or unmatured, liquidated or
unliquidated, joint or several, except (a) the liabilities of Borrower to Bank,
(b) any other liabilities of Borrower existing as of, and disclosed to Bank
prior to, the date hereof, and (c) unsecured liabilities incurred by Borrower to
sellers of equity acquired by Borrower subject to the terms of Section 5.4
hereof.

SECTION 5.4. MERGER, CONSOLIDATION, TRANSFER OF ASSETS. Merge into,
consolidate with or acquire any or all of the equity of any other entity, except
as set forth at the end of this Section 5.4; make any substantial change in the
nature of Borrower's business as conducted as of the date hereof; acquire all or
substantially all of the assets of any other entity; nor sell, lease, transfer
or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial or material portion of Borrower's
assets except in the ordinary course of its business; provided, however, that
Borrower may merge into, consolidate with and/or acquire all or substantially
all of the equity of any other entity, so long as (i) no such single
transaction, or series of related transactions, requires total consideration
(inclusive of cash, the incurring of indebtedness and the assumption of
liabilities, but exclusive of consideration paid or payable in the form of stock
in Borrower -hereafter "Non-Stock Consideration") on the part of Borrower and/or
Subsidiaries to exceed $10,000,000.00, (ii) all such transactions in each fiscal
year do not require total Non-Stock Consideration on the part of Borrower and/or
Subsidiaries to exceed $14,000,000.00; (iii) in the case of a merger or
consolidation, Borrower is the surviving entity, (iv) in the case of an
acquisition of all or substantially all of the equity of any other entity, such
other entity shall promptly execute and deliver to Bank Third Party Security
Agreements, a UCC-1 Financing Statement and a Continuing Guaranties in the form
executed by Subsidiaries, (v) prior to each such transaction, Borrower shall
deliver to Bank a certificate showing the source of funds for


<PAGE>

such transaction, provided that no more than an aggregate of $10,000,000.00 in
proceeds of the Line of Credit shall be used as Non-Stock Consideration during
the term of the Line of Credit, and (vi) Borrower is in compliance with the
terms and covenants of this Agreement at the time of and following the closing
of each such transaction.

SECTION 5.5. GUARANTIES. Guarantee or become liable in any way as
surety, endorser (other than as endorser of negotiable instruments for deposit
or collection in the ordinary course of business), accommodation endorser or
otherwise for, nor pledge or hypothecate any assets of Borrower as security for,
any liabilities or obligations of any other person or entity, except any of the
foregoing in favor of Bank.

SECTION 5.6. LOANS, ADVANCES, INVESTMENTS. Make any loans or advances to
or investments in any person or entity, except any of the foregoing existing as
of, and disclosed to Bank prior to, the date hereof and except investments
expressly permitted under Section 5.4 hereof.

SECTION 5.7. DIVIDENDS, DISTRIBUTIONS. Declare or pay any dividend or
distribution either in cash, stock or any other property on Borrower's stock now
or hereafter outstanding, nor redeem, retire, repurchase or otherwise acquire
any shares of any class of Borrower's stock now or hereafter outstanding.

SECTION 5.8. PLEDGE OF ASSETS. Mortgage, pledge, grant or permit to
exist a security interest in, or lien upon, all or any portion of Borrower's
assets now owned or hereafter acquired, except any of the foregoing in favor of
Bank or which is existing as of, and disclosed to Bank in writing prior to, the
date hereof.

ARTICLE VI
EVENTS OF DEFAULT

SECTION 6.1. The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an
"Event of Default" under this Agreement:

(a) Borrower shall fail to pay when due any principal, interest, fees or
other amounts payable under any of the Loan Documents.

(b) Any financial statement or certificate furnished to Bank in
connection with, or any representation or warranty made by Borrower or any other
party under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall prove to be
incorrect, false or misleading in any material respect when furnished or made.

(c) Any default in the performance of or compliance with any obligation,
agreement or other provision contained herein or in any other Loan Document
(other than those referred to in subsections (a) and (b) above), and with
respect to any such default which by its nature can be cured, such default shall
continue for a period of twenty (20) days from its occurrence.

(d) Any default in the payment or performance of any obligation, or any
defined event of default, under the terms of any contract or instrument (other
than any of the Loan Documents) pursuant to which Borrower or any guarantor
hereunder has incurred any debt or other liability to any person or entity,
including Bank.


<PAGE>

(e) The filing of a notice of judgment lien against Borrower or any
guarantor hereunder; or the recording of any abstract of judgment against
Borrower or any guarantor hereunder in any county in which Borrower or such
guarantor has an interest in real property; or the service of a notice of levy
and/or of a writ of attachment or execution, or other like process, against the
assets of Borrower or any guarantor hereunder; or the entry of a judgment
against Borrower or any guarantor hereunder in Borrower.

(f) Borrower or any guarantor hereunder shall become insolvent, or shall
suffer or consent to or apply for the appointment of a receiver, trustee,
custodian or liquidator of itself or any of its property, or shall generally
fail to pay its debts as they become due, or shall make a general assignment for
the benefit of creditors; Borrower or any guarantor hereunder shall file a
voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or seeking reorganization, in order to effect
a plan or other arrangement with creditors or any other relief under the
Bankruptcy Reform Act, Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended or
recodified from time to time ("Bankruptcy Code"), or under any state or federal
law granting relief to debtors, whether now or hereafter in effect; or any
involuntary petition or proceeding pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code or any other
applicable state or federal law relating to bankruptcy, reorganization or other
relief for debtors is filed or commenced against Borrower or any guarantor
hereunder, or Borrower or any such guarantor shall file an answer admitting the
jurisdiction of the court and the material allegations of any involuntary
petition; or Borrower or any such guarantor shall be adjudicated a bankrupt, or
an order for relief shall be entered against Borrower or any such guarantor by
any court of competent jurisdiction under the Bankruptcy Code or any other
applicable state or federal law relating to bankruptcy, reorganization or other
relief for debtors.

(g) There shall exist or occur any event or condition which Bank in good
faith believes impairs, or is substantially likely to impair, the prospect of
payment or performance by Borrower of its obligations under any of the Loan
Documents.

(h) The dissolution or liquidation of Borrower or any guarantor
hereunder; or Borrower or any such guarantor, or any of their directors,
stockholders or members, shall take action seeking to effect the dissolution or
liquidation of Borrower or such guarantor.

(i) Any change in ownership during the term of this Agreement of an
aggregate of twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the common stock of Borrower.

SECTION 6.2. REMEDIES. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default: (a)
all indebtedness of Borrower under each of the Loan Documents, any term thereof
to the contrary notwithstanding, shall at Bank's option and without notice
become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or
notice of dishonor, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Borrower;
(b) the obligation, if any, of Bank to extend any further credit under any of
the Loan Documents shall immediately cease and terminate; and (c) Bank shall
have all rights, powers and remedies available under each of the Loan Documents,
or accorded by law, including without limitation the right to resort to any or
all security for any credit subject hereto and to exercise any or all of the
rights of a beneficiary or secured party pursuant to applicable law. All rights,
powers and remedies of Bank may be exercised at any time by Bank and from time
to time after the occurrence of an Event of Default, are cumulative and not
exclusive, and shall be in addition to any other rights, powers or remedies
provided by law or equity.


<PAGE>

ARTICLE VII
MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 7.1. NO WAIVER. No delay, failure or discontinuance of Bank in
exercising any right, power or remedy under any of the Loan Documents shall
affect or operate as a waiver of such right, power or remedy; nor shall any
single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude, waive or
otherwise affect any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any
other right, power or remedy. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any
kind by Bank of any breach of or default under any of the Loan Documents must be
in writing and shall be effective only to the extent set forth in such writing.

SECTION 7.2. NOTICES. All notices, requests and demands which any panty
is required or may desire to give to any other panty under any provision of this
Agreement must be in writing delivered to each party at the following address:

BORROWER:   HALL, KINION & ASSOCIATES, INC.
2570 North 1st Street, Suite 400
San Jose, CA 95131


BANK:       WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
San Francisco RCBO
420 Montgomery Street, 9th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94104

or to such other address as any party may designate by written notice to all
other parties. Each such notice, request and demand shall be deemed given or
made as follows: (a) if sent by hand delivery, upon delivery; (b) if sent by
mail, upon the earlier of the date of receipt or three (3) days after deposit in
the U.S. mail, first class and postage prepaid; and (c) if sent by telecopy,
upon receipt.

SECTION 7.3. COSTS, EXPENSES AND ATTORNEYS' FEES. Borrower shall pay to
Bank immediately upon demand the full amount of all payments, advances, changes,
costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees (to include outside
counsel fees and all allocated costs of Bank's in-house counsel), expended or
incurred by Bank in connection with (a) the negotiation and preparation of this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, Bank's continued administration hereof
and thereof, and the preparation of any amendments and waivers hereto and
thereto, (b) the enforcement of Bank's rights and/or the collection of any
amounts which become due to Bank under any of the Loan Documents, and (c) the
prosecution or defense of any action in any way related to any of the Loan
Documents, including without limitation, any action for declaratory relief,
whether incurred at the trial or appellate level, in an arbitration proceeding
or otherwise, and including any of the foregoing incurred in connection with any
bankruptcy proceeding (including without limitation, any adversary proceeding,
contested matter or motion brought by Bank or any other person) relating to any
Borrower or any other person or entity.

SECTION 7.4. SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, administrators, legal
representatives, successors and assigns of the parties; provided however, that
Borrower may not assign or transfer its interest hereunder without Bank's prior
written consent. Bank reserves the right to sell, assign,


<PAGE>

transfer, negotiate or grant participations in all or any part of, or any
interest in, Bank's rights and benefits under each of the Loan Documents. In
connection therewith, Bank may disclose all documents and information which Bank
now has or may hereafter acquire relating to any credit subject hereto, Borrower
or its business, any guarantor hereunder or the business of such guarantor, or
any collateral required hereunder.

SECTION 7.5. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENT. This Agreement and the other
Loan Documents constitute the entire agreement between Borrower and Bank with
respect to each credit subject hereto and supersede all prior negotiations,
communications, discussions and correspondence concerning the subject matter
hereof. This Agreement may be amended or modified only in writing signed by each
party hereto.

SECTION 7.6. NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement is made and
entered into for the sole protection and benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective permitted successors and assigns, and no other person or entity shall
be a third party beneficiary of, or have any direct or indirect cause of action
or claim in connection with, this Agreement or any other of the Loan Documents
to which it is not a party.

SECTION 7.7. TIME. Time is of the essence of each and every provision
of this Agreement and each other of the Loan Documents.

SECTION 7.8. SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS. If any provision of this
Agreement shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision
shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity
without invalidating the remainder of such provision or any remaining provisions
of this Agreement.

SECTION 7.9. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number
of counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be deemed to be
an original, and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the
same Agreement.

SECTION 7.10. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California.

SECTION 7.11. ARBITRATION.

(a) Arbitration. The parties hereto agree, upon demand by any party, to
submit to binding arbitration all claims, disputes and controversies between or
among them (and their respective employees, officers, directors, attorneys, and
other agents), whether in tort, contract or otherwise arising out of or relating
to in any way (i) the loan and related Loan Documents which are the subject of
this Agreement and its negotiation, execution, collateralization,
administration, repayment, modification, extension, substitution, formation,
inducement, enforcement, default or termination; or (ii) requests for additional
credit.

(b) Governing Rules. Any arbitration proceeding will (i) proceed in a
location in California selected by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA");
(ii) be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (Title 9 of the United States
Code), notwithstanding any conflicting choice of law provision in any of the
documents between the parties; and (iii) be conducted by the AAA, or such other
administrator as the parties shall mutually agree upon, in accordance with the
AAA's commercial dispute resolution procedures, unless the claim or counterclaim
is at least $1,000,000.00 exclusive of claimed interest, arbitration fees and
costs in which case the arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the
AAA's optional procedures for large,


<PAGE>

complex commercial disputes (the commercial dispute resolution procedures or the
optional procedures for large, complex commercial disputes to be referred to, as
applicable, as the "Rules"). If there is any inconsistency between the terms
hereof and the Rules, the terms and procedures set forth herein shall control.
Any party who fails or refuses to submit to arbitration following a demand by
any other party shall bear all costs and expenses incurred by such other party
in compelling arbitration of any dispute. Nothing contained herein shall be
deemed to be a waiver by any party that is a bank of the protections afforded to
it under 12 U.S.C. (S)91 or any similar applicable state law.

(c) No Waiver of Provisional Remedies, Self-Help and Foreclosure. The
arbitration requirement does not limit the right of any party to (i) foreclose
against real or personal property collateral; (ii) exercise self-help remedies
relating to collateral or proceeds of collateral such as setoff or repossession;
or (iii) obtain provisional or ancillary remedies such as replevin, injunctive
relief, attachment or the appointment of a receiver, before during or after the
pendency of any arbitration proceeding. This exclusion does not constitute a
waiver of the right or obligation of any party to submit any dispute to
arbitration or reference hereunder, including those arising from the exercise of
the actions detailed in sections (i), (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph.

(d) Arbitrator Qualifications and Powers. Any arbitration proceeding in
which the amount in controversy is $5,000,000.00 or less will be decided by a
single arbitrator selected according to the Rules, and who shall not render an
award of greater than $5,000,000.00. Any dispute in which the amount in
controversy exceeds $5,000,000.00 shall be decided by majority vote of a panel
of three arbitrators; provided however, that all three arbitrators must actively
participate in all hearings and deliberations. The arbitrator will be a neutral
attorney licensed in the State of California or a neutral retired judge of the
state or federal judiciary of California, in either case with a minimum of ten
years experience in the substantive law applicable to the subject matter of the
dispute to be arbitrated. The arbitrator will determine whether or not an issue
is arbitratable and will give effect to the statutes of limitation in
determining any claim. In any arbitration proceeding the arbitrator will decide
(by documents only or with a hearing at the arbitrator's discretion) any
pre-hearing motions which are similar to motions to dismiss for failure to state
a claim or motions for summary adjudication. The arbitrator shall resolve all
disputes in accordance with the substantive law of California and may grant any
remedy or relief that a court of such state could order or grant within the
scope hereof and such ancillary relief as is necessary to make effective any
award. The arbitrator shall also have the power to award recovery of all costs
and fees, to impose sanctions and to take such other action as the arbitrator
deems necessary to the same extent a judge could pursuant to the Federal Rules
of Civil Procedure, the California Rules of Civil Procedure or other applicable
law. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any
court having jurisdiction. The institution and maintenance of an action for
judicial relief or pursuit of a provisional or ancillary remedy shall not
constitute a waiver of the right of any party, including the plaintiff, to
submit the controversy or claim to arbitration if any other party contests such
action for judicial relief.

(e) Discovery. In any arbitration proceeding discovery will be permitted
in accordance with the Rules. All discovery shall be expressly limited to
matters directly relevant to the dispute being arbitrated and must be completed
no later than 20 days before the hearing date and within 180 days of the filing
of the dispute with the AAA. Any requests for an extension of the discovery
periods, or any discovery disputes, will be subject to final determination by
the arbitrator upon a showing that the request for discovery is essential for
the party's presentation and that no alternative means for obtaining information
is available.


<PAGE>

(f) Class Proceedings and Consolidations. The resolution of any
dispute arising pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be determined
by a separate arbitration proceeding and such dispute shall not be
consolidated with other disputes or included in any class proceeding.

(g)  Payment Of Arbitration Costs And Fees. The arbitrator shall
award all costs and expenses of the arbitration proceeding.

(h) Real Property Collateral; Judicial Reference. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, no dispute shall be submitted to
arbitration if the dispute concerns indebtedness secured directly or
indirectly, in whole or in part, by any real property unless (i) the holder
of the mortgage, lien or security interest specifically elects in writing to
proceed with the arbitration, or (ii) all parties to the arbitration waive
any rights or benefits that might accrue to them by virtue of the single
action rule statute of California, thereby agreeing that all indebtedness
and obligations of the parties, and all mortgages, liens and security
interests securing such indebtedness and obligations, shall remain fully
valid and enforceable. If any such dispute is not submitted to arbitration,
the dispute shall be referred to a referee in accordance with California
Code of Civil Procedure Section 638 et seq., and this general reference
agreement is intended to be specifically enforceable in accordance with said
Section 638. A referee with the qualifications required herein for
arbitrators shall be selected pursuant to the AAA's selection procedures.
Judgment upon the decision rendered by a referee shall be entered in the
court in which such proceeding was commenced in accordance with California
Code of Civil Procedure Sections 644 and 645.

(i) Miscellaneous. To the maximum extent practicable, the AAA, the
arbitrators and the parties shall take all action required to conclude any
arbitration proceeding within 180 days of the filing of the dispute with the
AAA. No arbitrator or other party to an arbitration proceeding may disclose
the existence, content or results thereof, except for disclosures of
information by a party required in the ordinary course of its business or by
applicable law or regulation. If more than one agreement for arbitration by
or between the parties potentially applies to a dispute, the arbitration
provision most directly related to the Loan Documents or the subject matter
of the dispute shall control. This arbitration provision shall survive
termination, amendment or expiration of any of the Loan Documents or any
relationship between the parties.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to
be executed as of the day and year first written above.

WELLS FARGO BANK,
HALL KINON & ASSOCIATES, INC.                       NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By:                                                By:
Brenda Rhodes                                      Alan LeClair
Chief Executive Officer                            Relationship Manager


<PAGE>

WELLS FARGO BANK                                   REVOLVING LINE OF CREDIT NOTE

$14,000,000.00                                         San Francisco, California
September 15, 2001

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned HALL, KINION & ASSOCIATES, INC.
("Borrower") promises to pay to the order of WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION ("Bank") at its office at San Francisco RCBO, 420 Montgomery Street
9th Flr, San Francisco, CA 94104, or at such other place as the holder hereof
may designate, in lawful money of the United States of America and in
immediately available funds, the principal sum of $14,000,000.00, or so much
thereof as may be advanced and be outstanding, with interest thereon, to be
computed on each advance from the date of its disbursement as set forth herein.

INTEREST:

(a) Interest. The outstanding principal balance of this Note shall bear
interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed) at a
rate per annum equal to the Prime Rate in effect from time to time. The "Prime
Rate" is a base rate that Bank from time to time establishes and which serves as
the basis upon which effective rates of interest are calculated for those loans
making reference thereto. Each change in the rate of interest hereunder shall
become effective on the date each Prime Rate change is announced within Bank.

(b) Payment of Interest.  Interest accrued on this Note shall be payable
on the 15th day of each month, commencing October 15,2001.

(c) Default Interest. From and after the maturity date of this Note, or
such earlier date as all principal owing hereunder becomes due and payable by
acceleration or otherwise, the outstanding principal balance of this Note shall
bear interest until paid in full at an increased rate per annum (computed on the
basis of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed) equal to 4% above the rate of
interest from time to time applicable to this Note.

BORROWING AND REPAYMENT:

(a) Borrowing and Repayment. Borrower may from time to time during the term
of this Note borrow, partially or wholly repay its outstanding borrowings, and
reborrow, subject to all of the limitations, terms and conditions of this Note
and of the Credit Agreement between Borrower and Bank defined below; provided
however, that the total outstanding borrowings under this Note shall not at any
time exceed the principal amount stated above. The unpaid principal balance of
this obligation at any time shall be the total amounts advanced hereunder by the
holder hereof less the amount of principal payments made hereon by or for any
Borrower, which balance may be endorsed hereon from time to time by the holder.
The outstanding principal balance of this Note shall be due and payable in full
on October 15, 2002.

(b) Advances. Advances hereunder, to the total amount of the principal sum
available hereunder, may be made by the holder at the oral or written request of
(i) Brenda Rhodes, any one acting alone, who are authorized to request advances
and direct the disposition of any advances until written notice of the
revocation of such authority is received by the holder at the office designated
above, or (ii) any person, with respect to advances deposited to the credit of
any deposit account of any Borrower, which advances, when so deposited, shall be
conclusively presumed to have been made to or for the benefit of each Borrower
regardless of the fact that persons other than those authorized to request
advances may have authority to draw against such account. The holder shall have
no obligation to determine whether any person requesting an advance is or has
been authorized by any Borrower.

(c) Application of Payments. Each payment made on this Note shall be
credited first, to any interest then due and second, to the outstanding
principal balance hereof.

<PAGE>

EVENTS OF DEFAULT:

This Note is made pursuant to and is subject to the terms and conditions of
that certain Credit Agreement between Borrower and Bank dated as of September
15, 2001, as amended from time to time (the "Credit Agreement"). Any default in
the payment or performance of any obligation under this Note, or any defined
event of default under the Credit Agreement, shall constitute an "Event of
Default" under this Note.

MISCELLANEOUS:

(a) Remedies. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, the holder of
this Note, at the holder's option, may declare all sums of principal and
interest outstanding hereunder to be immediately due and payable without
presentment, demand, notice of nonperformance, notice of protest, protest or
notice of dishonor, all of which are expressly waived by each Borrower, and the
obligation, if any, of the holder to extend any further credit hereunder shall
immediately cease and terminate. Each Borrower shall pay to the holder
immediately upon demand the full amount of all payments, advances, charges,
costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees (to include outside
counsel fees and all allocated costs of the holder's in-house counsel), expended
or incurred by the holder in connection with the enforcement of the holder's
rights and/or the collection of any amounts which become due to the holder under
this Note, and the prosecution or defense of any action in any way related to
this Note, including without limitation, any action for declaratory relief,
whether incurred at the trial or appellate level, in an arbitration proceeding
or otherwise, and including any of the foregoing incurred in connection with any
bankruptcy proceeding (including without limitation, any adversary proceeding,
contested matter or motion brought by Bank or any other person) relating to any
Borrower or any other person or entity.

(b) Obligations Joint and Several.  Should more than one person or entity
sign this Note as a Borrower,  the  obligations of each such Borrower shall be
joint and several.

(c) Governing Law. This Note shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of California.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Note as of the date
first written above.


HALL, KINION & ASSOCIATES, INC.


By:
Brenda Rhodes, Chief Executive Officer



