








CREDIT AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT is entered into as of October 30, 2002, by and between
UNITED FINANCIAL CORP., a Minnesota corporation ("Borrower"), and WELLS FARGO
BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("Bank").

RECITALS

Borrower has requested that Bank extend or continue credit to Borrower
as described below, and Bank has agreed to provide such credit to Borrower on
the terms and conditions contained herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, Bank and Borrower hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I
CREDIT TERMS

SECTION 1.1. LINE OF CREDIT.

(a) Line of Credit. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Bank hereby agrees to make advances to Borrower from time to time up
to and including October 30, 2003, not to exceed at any time the aggregate
principal amount of Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000.00) ("Line of Credit"),
the proceeds of which shall be used, to repurchase blocks of shares of its stock
as they become available on the open market to be held as treasury stock,
purchase stock of Valley Bancorp., Inc. and for general corporate purposes.
Borrower's obligation to repay advances under the Line of Credit shall be
evidenced by a promissory note substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached
hereto ("Line of Credit Note"), all terms of which are incorporated herein by
this reference.

(b) Borrowing and Repayment. Borrower may from time to time during the
term of the Line of Credit borrow, partially or wholly repay its outstanding
borrowings, and reborrow, subject to all of the limitations, terms and
conditions contained herein or in the Line of Credit Note; provided however,
that the total outstanding borrowings under the Line of Credit shall not at any
time exceed the maximum principal amount available thereunder, as set forth
above.

SECTION 1.2. INTEREST/FEES.

(a) Interest. The outstanding principal balance of the Line of Credit
shall bear interest at the rate of interest set forth in the Line of Credit
Note.

(b) Computation and Payment. Interest shall be computed on the basis of
a 360-day year, actual days elapsed. Interest shall be payable at the times and
place set forth in each promissory note or other instrument or document required
hereby.

SECTION 1.3. COLLATERAL.

As security for all indebtedness of Borrower to Bank under the Line of
Credit, Borrower hereby grants to Bank security interests of first priority in
1,000 shares of Heritage Bank common stock owned by Borrower and 1,102,293
shares of common stock of Valley Bancorp., Inc., owned by Borrower.


<PAGE>


All of the foregoing shall be evidenced by and subject to the terms of
such security agreements, financing statements and other documents as Bank shall
reasonably require, all in form and substance satisfactory to Bank. Borrower
shall reimburse Bank immediately upon demand for all costs and expenses incurred
by Bank in connection with any of the foregoing security, including without
limitation, filing fees and costs of audits.

ARTICLE II
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Borrower makes the following representations and warranties to Bank,
which representations and warranties shall survive the execution of this
Agreement and shall continue in full force and effect until the full and final
payment, and satisfaction and discharge, of all obligations of Borrower to Bank
subject to this Agreement.

SECTION 2.1. LEGAL STATUS. Borrower is a corporation, duly organized and
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Minnesota, and is
qualified or licensed to do business (and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation, if applicable) in all jurisdictions in which such qualification or
licensing is required or in which the failure to so qualify or to be so licensed
could have a material adverse effect on Borrower.

SECTION 2.2. AUTHORIZATION AND VALIDITY. This Agreement and each
promissory note, contract, instrument and other document required hereby or at
any time hereafter delivered to Bank in connection herewith (collectively, the
"Loan Documents") have been duly authorized, and upon their execution and
delivery in accordance with the provisions hereof will constitute legal, valid
and binding agreements and obligations of Borrower or the party which executes
the same, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms.

SECTION 2.3. NO VIOLATION. The execution, delivery and performance by
Borrower of each of the Loan Documents do not violate any provision of any law
or regulation, or contravene any provision of the Articles of Incorporation or
By-Laws of Borrower, or result in any breach of or default under any contract,
obligation, indenture or other instrument to which Borrower is a party or by
which Borrower may be bound.

SECTION 2.4. LITIGATION. There are no pending, or to the best of
Borrower's knowledge threatened, actions, claims, investigations, suits or
proceedings by or before any governmental authority, arbitrator, court or
administrative agency which could have a material adverse effect on the
financial condition or operation of Borrower other than those disclosed by
Borrower to Bank in writing prior to the date hereof.

SECTION 2.5. CORRECTNESS OF FINANCIAL STATEMENT. The financial statement
of Borrower dated June 30, 2002, a true copy of which has been delivered by
Borrower to Bank prior to the date hereof, (a) is complete and correct and
presents fairly the financial condition of Borrower, (b) discloses all
liabilities of Borrower that are required to be reflected or reserved against
under generally accepted accounting principles, whether liquidated or
unliquidated, fixed or contingent, and (c) has been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied. Since the date of
such financial statement there has been no material adverse change in the
financial condition of Borrower, nor has Borrower mortgaged, pledged, granted a
security interest in or otherwise encumbered any of its assets or properties
except in favor of Bank or as otherwise permitted by Bank in writing.


-2
<PAGE>


SECTION 2.6. INCOME TAX RETURNS. Borrower has no knowledge of any
pending assessments or adjustments of its income tax payable with respect to any
year.

SECTION 2.7. NO SUBORDINATION. There is no agreement, indenture,
contract or instrument to which Borrower is a party or by which Borrower may be
bound that requires the subordination in right of payment of any of Borrower's
obligations subject to this Agreement to any other obligation of Borrower.

SECTION 2.8. PERMITS, FRANCHISES. Borrower possesses, and will
hereafter possess, all permits, consents, approvals, franchises and licenses
required and rights to all trademarks, trade names, patents, and fictitious
names, if any, necessary to enable it to conduct the business in which it is now
engaged in compliance with applicable law.

SECTION 2.9. ERISA. Borrower is in compliance in all material respects
with all applicable provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended or recodified from time to time ("ERISA"); Borrower has not
violated any provision of any defined employee pension benefit plan (as defined
in ERISA) maintained or contributed to by Borrower (each, a "Plan"); no
Reportable Event as defined in ERISA has occurred and is continuing with respect
to any Plan initiated by Borrower; Borrower has met its minimum funding
requirements under ERISA with respect to each Plan; and each Plan will be able
to fulfill its benefit obligations as they come due in accordance with the Plan
documents and under generally accepted accounting principles.

SECTION 2.10. OTHER OBLIGATIONS. Borrower is not in default on any
obligation for borrowed money, any purchase money obligation or any other
material lease, commitment, contract, instrument or obligation.

SECTION 2.11. BANK SUBSIDIARIES. As of the date of this Agreement there
are 1,000 shares of issued and outstanding common voting stock in Heritage Bank,
of which Borrower owns 1,000 shares and 1,722,818 shares of issued and
outstanding common voting stock in Valley Bancorp., Inc., parent of Valley Bank
of Arizona, of which Borrower owns 1,125,293 and pledges 1,102,293 shares. Each
bank named herein (and each bank hereafter acquired by Borrower) is referred to
as a "Bank Subsidiary").

ARTICLE III
CONDITIONS

SECTION 3.1. CONDITIONS OF INITIAL EXTENSION OF CREDIT. The obligation
of Bank to extend any credit contemplated by this Agreement is subject to the
fulfillment to Bank's satisfaction of all of the following conditions:

(a) Approval of Bank Counsel. All legal matters incidental to the
extension of credit by Bank shall be satisfactory to Bank's counsel.

(b) Documentation. Bank shall have received, in form and substance
satisfactory to Bank, each of the following, duly executed:

(i)     This Agreement and each promissory note or other instrument
or document required hereby.
(ii)    Corporate Resolution: Borrowing.
(iii)    Certificate of Incumbency


<PAGE>


(iv)     General Pledge Agreement.
(v)     Such other documents as Bank may require under any other
Section of this Agreement.

(c) Financial Condition. There shall have been no material adverse
change, as determined by Bank, in the financial condition or business of
Borrower, nor any material decline, as determined by Bank, in the market value
of any collateral required hereunder or a substantial or material portion of the
assets of Borrower.

SECTION 3.2. CONDITIONS OF EACH EXTENSION OF CREDIT. The obligation of
Bank to make each extension of credit requested by Borrower hereunder shall be
subject to the fulfillment to Bank's satisfaction of each of the following
conditions:

(a) Compliance. The representations and warranties contained herein and
in each of the other Loan Documents shall be true on and as of the date of the
signing of this Agreement and on the date of each extension of credit by Bank
pursuant hereto, with the same effect as though such representations and
warranties had been made on and as of each such date, and on each such date, no
Event of Default as defined herein, and no condition, event or act which with
the giving of notice or the passage of time or both would constitute such an
Event of Default, shall have occurred and be continuing or shall exist.

(b) Documentation. Bank shall have received all additional documents
which may be required in connection with such extension of credit.

ARTICLE IV
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

Borrower covenants that so long as Bank remains committed to extend
credit to Borrower pursuant hereto, or any liabilities (whether direct or
contingent, liquidated or unliquidated) of Borrower to Bank under any of the
Loan Documents remain outstanding, and until payment in full of all obligations
of Borrower subject hereto, Borrower shall, unless Bank otherwise consents in
writing:

SECTION 4.1. PUNCTUAL PAYMENTS. Punctually pay all principal, interest,
fees or other liabilities due under any of the Loan Documents at the times and
place and in the manner specified therein.

SECTION 4.2. ACCOUNTING RECORDS. Maintain adequate books and records in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied,
and permit any representative of Bank, at any reasonable time, to inspect, audit
and examine such books and records, to make copies of the same, and to inspect
the properties of Borrower.

SECTION 4.3. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Provide to Bank all of the following,
in form and detail satisfactory to Bank:

(a) not later than 120 days after and as of the end of each fiscal year,
an audited financial statement of Borrower, prepared by a certified public
accountant, to include balance sheet, income statement, statement of cash flows,
supporting schedules and footnotes;

(b) contemporaneously with each annual and quarterly financial statement
of Borrower required hereby, a compliance certificate of the president or chief
financial officer of

<PAGE>


Borrower that said financial statements are accurate, that there exists no Event
of Default nor any condition, act or event which with the giving of notice or
the passage of time or both would constitute an Event of Default, and
demonstrating compliance with the financial covenants contained in this
Agreement;

(c) as soon as available, and in any event within 45 days after the
end of each calendar quarter, the complete Call Report prepared by each Bank
Subsidiary at the end of such calendar quarter in compliance with the
requirements of any federal or state regulatory agency which has authority to
examine Borrower any Bank Subsidiary, all prepared in accordance with the
requirements imposed by the applicable regulatory authorities and applied on a
basis consistent with the accounting practices reflected in any previous Call
Report(s) and similar statements delivered to Bank prior to the date of this
Agreement;

(d) as soon as available, and in any event no later than 60 days after
the end of each fiscal quarter, the complete Parent Company Only Financial
Statements for Bank Holding Companies (FRY-9LP) required to be filed by Borrower
quarterly with the Federal Reserve Bank in the applicable Federal Reserve
District;

(e) as soon as available, and in any event within 90 days after each
fiscal year end of Borrower, the Annual Report of Domestic Holding Companies
(FRY-6) required by the Federal Reserve Bank in the applicable Federal Reserve
District;

(f) as soon as available (but without duplication of any other
requirements set forth in this Section 4.3) a copy of all reports which are
required by law to be furnished to any regulatory authority having jurisdiction
over Borrower or any Bank Subsidiary (including without limitation Call Reports,
but excluding any report which applicable law or regulation prohibits Borrower
or a Bank Subsidiary from furnishing to Bank);

(g) from time to time such other information as Bank may reasonably
request.

SECTION 4.4. COMPLIANCE. Preserve and maintain all licenses, permits,
governmental approvals, rights, privileges and franchises necessary for the
conduct of its business; and comply with the provisions of all documents
pursuant to which Borrower is organized and/or which govern Borrower's continued
existence and with the requirements of all laws, rules, regulations and orders
of any governmental authority applicable to Borrower and/or its business.

SECTION 4.5. INSURANCE. Maintain and keep in force insurance of the
types and in amounts customarily carried in lines of business similar to that of
Borrower, including but not limited to fire, extended coverage, public
liability, flood, property damage and workers' compensation, with all such
insurance carried with companies and in amounts satisfactory to Bank, and
deliver to Bank from time to time at Bank's request schedules setting forth all
insurance then in effect.

SECTION 4.6. FACILITIES. Keep all properties useful or necessary to
Borrower's business in good repair and condition, and from time to time make
necessary repairs, renewals and replacements thereto so that such properties
shall be fully and efficiently preserved and maintained.

SECTION 4.7. TAXES AND OTHER LIABILITIES. Pay and discharge when due
any and all indebtedness, obligations, assessments and taxes, both real or
personal, including


<PAGE>



without limitation federal and state income taxes and state and local property
taxes and assessments, except such (a) as Borrower may in good faith contest or
as to which a bona fide dispute may arise, and (b) for which Borrower has made
provision, to Bank's satisfaction, for eventual payment thereof in the event
Borrower is obligated to make such payment.

SECTION 4.8. LITIGATION. Promptly give notice in writing to Bank of any
litigation pending or threatened against Borrower.

SECTION 4.9. BORROWER'S FINANCIAL CONDITION. Maintain Borrowers
financial condition as follows using generally accepted accounting principles
consistently applied and used consistently with prior practices (except to the
extent modified by the definitions herein):

(a) Total Liabilities divided by total shareholders equity not at any
time greater than .30 to 1.0, with "Total Liabilities" defined as the aggregate
of current liabilities and non-current liabilities less subordinated debt.

(b) Leverage Ratio: Ratio of Tier 1 Capital to Total Adjusted Assets for
the Borrower and the Bank Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, of not less than
(i) 7.50% determined as of each fiscal quarter end, or (ii) the minimum ratio
required by any regulatory agency having authority over the applicable Bank
Subsidiary, whichever is greater, with "Tier 1 Capital" defined as set forth in
Section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and in 12 C.F.R. Part 325,
Subparts A and B, and with "Total Adjusted Assets" to be construed in conformity
with the Federal Reserve Board's definition of 'adjusted total assets' referred
to by that agency as 'average total consolidated assets which provides for the
elimination of goodwill and other disallowed intangible assets'.

(c) ROA for the Borrower and the Bank Subsidiaries on a consolidated
basis not less than 0.50% on a rolling four quarter basis, determined as of each
fiscal quarter end, with "ROA defined as the percentage arrived at by dividing
net income by Total Assets, as reported in the most recent Call Report.

(d) Allowance for loan and lease losses not less than 100% of the total
amount of Non-Performing Assets for the Bank Subsidiaries on a consolidated
basis, determined as of each fiscal quarter end, with "Non-Performing Assets"
defined as the sum of: (i) all loans classified as past due 90 days or more and
still accruing interest; (ii) all loans classified as 'non-accrual' and no
longer accruing interest; (iii) all loans classified as 'restructured loans and
leases'; and (iv) all other 'non-performing assets', including those classified
as 'other real estate owned' and 'repossessed property', as reported in the then
most recent Call Report.

(e) Non-Performing Assets not greater than 15% of "Total Risk Based
Capital" for the Bank Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, determined as of
each fiscal quarter end with "Non-Performing Assets" as defined above. ("Total
Risk Based Capital" as defined in the most recent Call Report).

SECTION 4.10. BANK SUBSIDIARY FINANCIAL CONDITION. Cause each Bank
Subsidiary to maintain its financial condition as follows using generally
accepted accounting principles consistently applied and used consistently with
prior practices (except to the extent modified by the definitions herein):


<PAGE>


(a) Maintain its categorization as Well Capitalized as defined by
regulatory agencies having jurisdiction, which, pursuant to Section 38 of the
Federal Deposit Insurance Act (created by Section 131 of the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation Improvement Act (FDICIA) of 1991) (entitled "Prompt
Corrective Action") (herein, "Section 38"), considers an institution "Well
Capitalized", among other things, if its Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio equals
or exceeds 10%, its Tier I Risk-Based Capital equals or exceeds 6% and its
Leverage equals or exceeds 5%. As used herein, "Total Rlsk-Based Capital Ratio",
"Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital" and "Leverage" shall be defined and calculated in
conformity with Section 38.

SECTION 4.11. NOTICE TO BANK. Promptly (but in no event more than five
(5) days after the occurrence of each such event or matter) give written notice
to Bank in reasonable detail of: (a) the occurrence of any Event of Default, or
any condition, event or act which with the giving of notice or the passage of
time or both would constitute an Event of Default; (b) any change in the name or
the organizational structure of Borrower; (c) the occurrence and nature of any
Reportable Event or Prohibited Transaction, each as defined in ERISA, or any
funding deficiency with respect to any Plan; (d) any termination or
cancellation of any insurance policy which Borrower is required to maintain, or
any uninsured or partially uninsured loss through liability or property damage,
or through fire, theft or any other cause affecting Borrower's property.


ARTICLE V
NEGATIVE COVENANTS

Borrower further covenants that so long as Bank remains committed to
extend credit to Borrower pursuant hereto, or any liabilities (whether direct or
contingent, liquidated or unliquidated) of Borrower to Bank under any of the
Loan Documents remain outstanding, and until payment in full of all obligations
of Borrower subject hereto, Borrower will not without Bank's prior written
consent:

SECTION 5.1. USE OF FUNDS. Use any of the proceeds of any credit
extended hereunder except for the purposes stated in Article I hereof.

SECTION 5.2. OTHER INDEBTEDNESS. Create, incur, assume or permit to
exist any indebtedness or liabilities resulting from borrowings, loans or
advances, whether secured or unsecured, matured or unmatured, liquidated or
unliquidated, joint or several, except (a) the liabilities of Borrower to Bank,
(b) any other liabilities of Borrower existing as of, and disclosed to Bank
prior to, the date hereof, and (c) indebtedness for business purposes which does
not exceed a total principal amount of $100,000.

SECTION 5.3. MERGER, CONSOLIDATION, TRANSFER OF ASSETS. Merge into or
consolidate with any other entity; make any substantial change in the nature of
Borrower's business as conducted as of the date hereof; acquire all or
substantially all of the assets of any other entity; nor sell, lease, transfer
or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial or material portion of
Borrower's assets except in the ordinary course of its business; nor permit or
take any action that would cause Valley Bancorp., Inc. to sell, transfer or
encumber any of its shares of Valley Bank of Arizona.

SECTION 5.4. GUARANTIES. Guarantee or become liable in any way as
surety, endorser (other than as endorser of negotiable instruments for deposit
or collection in the ordinary course of business), accommodation endorser or
otherwise for, nor pledge or hypothecate any assets of Borrower as security for,
any liabilities or obligations of any other person or entity, except any of the
foregoing in favor of Bank.


<PAGE>


SECTION 5.5. LOANS, ADVANCES, INVESTMENTS. Make any loans or advances to
or investments in any person or entity, except as follows:

(a) any of the foregoing existing as of, and disclosed to Bank prior to,
the date hereof.

(b) advances to employees in the ordinary course of business;

(c) investments in cash and cash equivalents, U.S. government bills,
notes and U.S. government sponsored agency securities, corporate and municipal
bonds and notes and commercial paper.

SECTION 5.6. DIVIDENDS, DISTRIBUTIONS. Declare or pay any dividend or
distribution either in cash, stock or any other property on Borrower's stock now
or hereafter outstanding other than dividends in the normal course of business,
nor redeem, retire, repurchase or otherwise acquire any shares of any class of
Borrower's stock now or hereafter outstanding that would cause the Borrower to
not be "Well Capitalized".

SECTION 5.7. PLEDGE OF ASSETS. Mortgage, pledge, grant or permit to
exist a security interest in, or lien upon, all or any portion of Borrower's
assets now owned or hereafter acquired, except (a) any of the foregoing in favor
of Bank or which is existing as of, and disclosed to Bank in writing prior to,
the date hereof; (b) liens for taxes or assessments or other governmental
charges not delinquent or which the Borrower is contesting in good faith;
(c) liens which secure obligations in a total principal amount not exceeding
$50,000; (d) liens that are imposed by law for obligations for labor or
materials not overdue for more than 120 days, such as mechanics', materialmen's,
carriers', landlords', and warehousemen's liens, or liens, pledges, or deposits
under workers' compensation, unemployment insurance, Social Security, or similar
legislation.

ARTICLE VI
EVENTS OF DEFAULT

SECTION 6.1. The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an
"Event of Default" under this Agreement:

(a) Borrower shall fail to pay when due any principal, interest, fees or
other amounts payable under any of the Loan Documents.

(b) Any financial statement or certificate furnished to Bank in
connection with, or any representation or warranty made by Borrower or any other
party under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall prove to be
incorrect, false or misleading in any material respect when furnished or made.

(c) Any default in the performance of or compliance with any obligation,
agreement or other provision contained herein or in any other Loan Document
(other than those referred to in subsections (a) and (b) above), and with
respect to any such default which by its nature can be cured, such default shall
continue for a period of twenty (20) days from its occurrence.

(d) Any default in the payment or performance of any obligation, or any
defined event of default, under the terms of any contract or instrument (other
than any of the Loan


<PAGE>


Documents) pursuant to which Borrower or any Bank Subsidiary has incurred any
debt or other liability to any person or entity, including Bank, in excess of
$500,000.

(e) The filing of a notice of judgment lien against Borrower or any Bank
Subsidiary; or the recording of any abstract of judgment against Borrower or any
Bank Subsidiary in any county in which Borrower or such Bank Subsidiary has an
interest in real property; or the service of a notice of levy and/or of a writ
of attachment or execution, or other like process, against the assets of
Borrower or any Bank Subsidiary; or the entry of a judgment against Borrower or
any Bank Subsidiary, where the amount of such lien, judgment, levy or writ is in
excess of $500,000 and it is not dismissed within 30 days.

(f) Borrower or any Bank Subsidiary shall become insolvent, or shall
suffer or consent to or apply for the appointment of a receiver, trustee,
custodian or liquidator of itself or any of its property, or shall generally
fail to pay its debts as they become due, or shall make a general assignment for
the benefit of creditors; Borrower or any Bank Subsidiary shall file a voluntary
petition in bankruptcy, or seeking reorganization, in order to effect a plan or
other arrangement with creditors or any other relief under the Bankruptcy Reform
Act, Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended or recodified from time to
time ("Bankruptcy Code"), or under any state or federal law granting relief to
debtors, whether now or hereafter in effect; or any involuntary petition or
proceeding pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable state or
federal law relating to bankruptcy, reorganization or other relief for debtors
is filed or commenced against Borrower or any Bank Subsidiary and, if instituted
against it, are consented to by it or remain undismissed for 30 days, or
Borrower or any Bank Subsidiary shall file an answer admitting the jurisdiction
of the court and the material allegations of any involuntary petition; or
Borrower or any Bank Subsidiary shall be adjudicated a bankrupt, or an order for
relief shall be entered against Borrower or any Bank Subsidiary by any court of
competent jurisdiction under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable state
or federal law relating to bankruptcy, reorganization or other relief for
debtors.

(g) The dissolution or liquidation of Borrower or any Bank Subsidiary;
or Borrower or any Bank Subsidiary, or any of its directors, stockholders or
members, shall take action seeking to effect the dissolution or liquidation of
Borrower or such Bank Subsidiary.

(h) The issuance against Borrower, or any affiliate of Borrower
(including without limitation, any Bank Subsidiary) of any administrative
action, temporary or permanent, by any federal or state regulatory agency having
jurisdiction or control over Borrower or such affiliate, such action taking the
form of, but not limited to: (A) any written directive citing conditions or
activities deemed to be unsafe or unsound or breaches of fiduciary duty or law
or regulation; (B) a memorandum of understanding; (C) a cease and desist order;
(D) the termination of insurance coverage of customer deposits by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation; (E) the suspension or removal of an officer or
director, or the prohibition of participation by any others in the business
affairs of Borrower or such affiliate; (F) any capital maintenance agreement; or
(G) any other regulatory action, agreement or understanding with respect to
Borrower or such affiliate.

i) Any change in ownership during the term of this Agreement of an
aggregate of twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the common stock of Borrower.

SECTION 6.2. REMEDIES. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default: (a)
all indebtedness of Borrower under each of the Loan Documents, any term thereof
to the contrary notwithstanding, shall at Bank's option and without notice
become immediately due and payable


<PAGE>


without presentment, demand, protest or notice of dishonor, all of which are
hereby expressly waived by each Borrower; (b) the obligation, if any, of Bank to
extend any further credit under any of the Loan Documents shall immediately
cease and terminate; and (c) Bank shall have all rights, powers and remedies
available under each of the Loan Documents, or accorded by law, including
without limitation the right to resort to any or all security for any credit
subject hereto and to exercise any or all of the rights of a beneficiary or
secured party pursuant to applicable law. All rights, powers and remedies of
Bank may be exercised at any time by Bank and from time to time after the
occurrence of an Event of Default, are cumulative and not exclusive, and shall
be in addition to any other rights, powers or remedies provided by law or
equity.

ARTICLE VII
MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 7.1. NO WAIVER. No delay, failure or discontinuance of Bank in
exercising any right, power or remedy under any of the Loan Documents shall
affect or operate as a waiver of such right, power or remedy; nor shall any
single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude, waive or
otherwise affect any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any
other right, power or remedy. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any
kind by Bank of any breach of or default under any of the Loan Documents must be
in writing and shall be effective only to the extent set forth in such writing.

SECTION 7.2. NOTICES. All notices, requests and demands which any party
is required or may desire to give to any other party under any provision of this
Agreement must be in writing delivered to each party at the following address:

BORROWER:           UNITED FINANCIAL CORP.
5500 Wayzata Blvd. Suite 145
Golden Valley, MN 55416
Attn: Mr. Weise

BANK:               WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
Correspondent Banking Minnesota
6th and Marquette
Minneapolis, MN 55479

or to such other address as any party may designate by written notice to all
other parties. Each such notice, request and demand shall be deemed given or
made as follows: (a) if sent by hand delivery, upon delivery; (b) if sent by
mail, upon the earlier of the date of receipt or three (3) days after deposit
in the U.S. mail, first class and postage prepaid; and (c) if sent by telecopy,
upon receipt.

SECTION 7.3. COSTS, EXPENSES AND ATTORNEYS' FEES. Borrower shall pay to
Bank immediately upon demand the full amount of all payments, advances, charges,
costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys'fees (to include outside
counsel fees and all allocated costs of Bank's in-house counsel), expended or
incurred by Bank in connection with (a) the negotiation and preparation of this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, Bank's continued administration hereof
and thereof, and the preparation of any amendments and waivers hereto and
thereto, (b) the enforcement of Bank's rights and/or the collection of any
amounts which become due to Bank under any of the Loan Documents, and (c) the
prosecution or defense of any action in any way related to any of the Loan
Documents, including without


<PAGE>


limitation, any action for declaratory relief, whether incurred at the trial or
appellate level, in an arbitration proceeding or otherwise, and including any of
the foregoing incurred in connection with any bankruptcy proceeding (including
without limitation, any adversary proceeding, contested matter or motion brought
by Bank or any other person) relating to any Borrower or any other person or
entity.

SECTION 7.4. SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, administrators, legal
representatives, successors and assigns of the parties; provided however, that
Borrower may not assign or transfer its interest hereunder without Bank's prior
written consent. Bank reserves the right to sell, assign, transfer, negotiate or
grant participations in all or any part of, or any interest in, Bank's rights
and benefits under each of the Loan Documents. In connection therewith, Bank may
disclose all documents and information which Bank now has or may hereafter
acquire relating to any credit subject hereto, Borrower, any Bank Subsidiary or
any collateral required hereunder.

SECTION 7.5. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENT. This Agreement and the other
Loan Documents constitute the entire agreement between Borrower and Bank with
respect to each credit subject hereto and supersede all prior negotiations,
communications, discussions and correspondence concerning the subject matter
hereof. This Agreement may be amended or modified only in writing signed by each
party hereto.

SECTION 7.6. NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement is made and
entered into for the sole protection and benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective permitted successors and assigns, and no other person or entity shall
be a third party beneficiary of, or have any direct or indirect cause of action
or claim in connection with, this Agreement or any other of the Loan Documents
to which it is not a party.

SECTION 7.7. TIME. Time is of the essence of each and every provision of
this Agreement and each other of the Loan Documents.

SECTION 7.8. SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS. If any provision of this
Agreement shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision
shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity
without invalidating the remainder of such provision or any remaining provisions
of this Agreement.

SECTION 7.9. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number
of counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be deemed to be
an original, and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the
same Agreement.

SECTION 7.10. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota.

SECTION 7.11. ARBITRATION.

(a) Arbitration. The parties hereto agree, upon demand by any party, to
submit to binding arbitration all claims, disputes and controversies between or
among them (and their respective employees, officers, directors, attorneys, and
other agents), whether in tort, contract or otherwise arising out of or relating
to in any way (i) the loan and related Loan Documents which are the subject of
this Agreement and its negotiation, execution, collateralization,
administration, repayment, modification, extension, substitution, formation,
inducement, enforcement, default or termination; or (ii) requests for additional
credit.


<PAGE>


(b) Governing Rules. Any arbitration proceeding will (i) proceed in a
location in Minnesota selected by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA);
(ii) be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (Title 9 of the United States
Code), notwithstanding any conflicting choice of law provision in any of the
documents between the parties; and (iii) be conducted by the AAA, or such other
administrator as the parties shall mutually agree upon, in accordance with the
AAA's commercial dispute resolution procedures, unless the claim or counterclaim
is at least $1,000,000.00 exclusive of claimed interest, arbitration fees and
costs in which case the arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the
AAA's optional procedures for large, complex commercial disputes (the commercial
dispute resolution procedures or the optional procedures for large, complex
commercial disputes to be referred to, as applicable, as the "Rules"). If there
is any inconsistency between the terms hereof and the Rules, the terms and
procedures set forth herein shall control. Any party who fails or refuses to
submit to arbitration following a demand by any other party shall bear all costs
and expenses incurred by such other party in compelling arbitration of any
dispute. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to be a waiver by any party
that is a bank of the protections afforded to it under 12 U.S.C. ss.91 or any
similar applicable state law.

(c) No Waiver of Provisional Remedies, Self-Help and Foreclosure. The
arbitration requirement does not limit the right of any party to (i) foreclose
against real or personal property collateral; (ii) exercise self-help remedies
relating to collateral or proceeds of collateral such as setoff or repossession;
or (iii) obtain provisional or ancillary remedies such as replevin, injunctive
relief, attachment or the appointment of a receiver, before during or after the
pendency of any arbitration proceeding. This exclusion does not constitute a
waiver of the right or obligation of any party to submit any dispute to
arbitration or reference hereunder, including those arising from the exercise of
the actions detailed in sections (i), (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph.

(d) Arbitrator Qualifications and Powers. Any arbitration proceeding in
which the amount in controversy is $5,000,000.00 or less will be decided by a
single arbitrator selected according to the Rules, and who shall not render an
award of greater than $5,000,000.00. Any dispute in which the amount in
controversy exceeds $5,000,000.00 shall be decided by majority vote of a panel
of three arbitrators; provided however, that all three arbitrators must actively
participate in all hearings and deliberations. The arbitrator will be a neutral
attorney licensed in the State of Minnesota or a neutral retired judge of the
state or federal judiciary of Minnesota, in either case with a minimum of ten
years experience in the substantive law applicable to the subject matter of the
dispute to be arbitrated. The arbitrator will determine whether or not an issue
is arbitratable and will give effect to the statutes of limitation in
determining any claim. In any arbitration proceeding the arbitrator will decide
(by documents only or with a hearing at the arbitrators discretion) any
pre-hearing motions which are similar to motions to dismiss for failure to state
a claim or motions for summary adjudication. The arbitrator shall resolve all
disputes in accordance with the substantive law of Minnesota and may grant any
remedy or relief that a court of such state could order or grant within the
scope hereof and such ancillary relief as is necessary to make effective any
award. The arbitrator shall also have the power to award recovery of all costs
and fees, to impose sanctions and to take such other action as the arbitrator
deems necessary to the same extent a judge could pursuant to the Federal Rules
of Civil Procedure, the Minnesota Rules of Civil Procedure or other applicable
law. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any
court having jurisdiction. The institution and maintenance of an action for
judicial relief or pursuit of a provisional or ancillary remedy shall not
constitute a waiver of the right of any party, including the plaintiff, to
submit the controversy or claim to arbitration if any other party contests such
action for judicial relief.


<PAGE>


(e) Discovery. In any arbitration proceeding discovery will be permitted
in accordance with the Rules. All discovery shall be expressly limited to
matters directly relevant to the dispute being arbitrated and must be completed
no later than 20 days before the hearing date and within 180 days of the filing
of the dispute with the AAA. Any requests for an extension of the discovery
periods, or any discovery disputes, will be subject to final determination by
the arbitrator upon a showing that the request for discovery is essential for
the party's presentation and that no alternative means for obtaining information
is available.

(f) Class Proceedings and Consolidations. The resolution of any dispute
arising pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be determined by a
separate arbitration proceeding and such dispute shall not be consolidated with
other disputes or included in any class proceeding.

(g) Payment Of Arbitration Costs And Fees. The arbitrator shall award
all costs and expenses of the arbitration proceeding.

(h) Miscellaneous. To the maximum extent practicable, the AAA, the
arbitrators and the parties shall take all action required to conclude any
arbitration proceeding within 180 days of the filing of the dispute with the
AAA. No arbitrator or other party to an arbitration proceeding may disclose the
existence, content or results thereof, except for disclosures of information by
a party required in the ordinary course of its business or by applicable law or
regulation. If more than one agreement for arbitration by or between the parties
potentially applies to a dispute, the arbitration provision most directly
related to the Loan Documents or the subject matter of the dispute shall
control. This arbitration provision shall survive termination, amendment or
expiration of any of the Loan Documents or any relationship between the parties.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed as of the day and year first written above.

WELLS FARGO BANK,
UNITED FINANCIAL CORP                    NATIONAL ASS0CIATION
By: /s/ Kurt R. Weise                    By: /s/ Michael Bodeen
Kurt R. Weise                            Michael Bodeen
Director/President/CEO                   Vice President




