










Exhibit 10(s)


March 16, 1998


The Valspar Corporation
1101 South Third Street
Minneapolis, MN 55415

Attn: Mr. Timothy M. Wesolowski


Gentlemen:

Wachovia Bank, N.A. (the "Bank") is pleased to make available to The Valspar
Corporation (the "Borrower") a line of credit of Fifty Million Dollars
($50,000,000; the "Commitment"). This Commitment is subject to the maintenance
by the Borrower of a condition satisfactory to the Bank and the execution of a
Note in form and substance satisfactory to the Bank.

This Commitment is subject to a fee of 0.08% per annum on the total Commitment
payable quarterly in arrears. Fees shall be calculated on the basis of a 360 day
year for the actual number of days in each quarterly interest period.

This Commitment shall expire on the later of March 23, 1999, or 364 days from
the date of the Borrower's execution of this Commitment as indicated above its
signature line at the bottom of this letter (the "Expiration Date"). The entire
unpaid principal amount of advance, together with interest accrued thereon,
shall be due and payable on the Expiration Date. The Borrower may, upon at least
three business days' notice to the Bank, terminate at any time, or
proportionately reduce from time to time by an aggregate amount of at least
$500,000, the unused portion of this Commitment. If the Commitment is terminated
in its entirety, all accrued interest and fees shall be payable on the effective
date of such termination.

The rate of interest for each borrowing under the Commitment shall be the one,
two, three or six month LIBOR Rate (as determined by the Bank) plus 0.26% per
annum, or such other rate as may be offered by the Bank and accepted by the
Borrower, each at its sole discretion. Interest shall be due and payable at the
end of each Interest Period (i.e., the period of 1, 2, 3 or six month
corresponding to the LIBOR rate option selected by the Borrower and applicable
to such borrowings) but not later than quarterly. In no event shall the Borrower
select an Interest Period that extends beyond the Expiration Date, and all
principal and accrued interest and fees shall be payable on the Expiration Date.
The rate of interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360 day year for the
actual number of days in each period. Minimum advances under this commitment
shall be $500,000.

<PAGE>


Should the Bank determine, in its sole discretion, that deposits at the LIBOR
rate are unavailable or should the Borrower request an Interest Period other
than one, two, three, or six months, then interest shall be calculated at the
Prime Rate. As used herein, the Prime Rate refers to that rate so denominated
and set by the Bank from time to time as an interest rate basis for borrowings.
The Prime Rate is one of several interest bases used by the Bank. The Bank lends
at interest rates above and below the Prime Rate.

The Borrower shall provide the Bank at all times hereunder with the same
covenant protection as the Bank requires of the Borrower under Financial
Agreements. Notwithstanding the satisfaction of any obligation or promise to pay
money to the Bank under any Financial Agreement, or the termination or
cancellation of any Financial Agreement, the Borrower hereby agrees to perform,
comply with and observe for the benefit of the Bank hereunder all covenants
contained in each Financial Agreement applicable to the Borrower (excluding any
obligation or promise to pay money under any Financial Agreement) at any time
the Borrower has any obligation (whether absolute or contingent) under this
Agreement.

For purposes hereof: (A) the covenants of each Financial Agreement applicable to
the Borrower (together with related definitions and ancillary provisions, but in
any event excluding any obligation or promise to pay money under any Financial
Agreement) are incorporated (and upon execution of any future Financial
Agreement, shall automatically be incorporated) by reference herein (mutatis
mutandis); (B) if other lenders or creditors are parties to any Financial
Agreement, then references therein to the lenders or creditors shall be deemed
references to the Bank; and (C) for any such covenant applying only when any
loan, other extension of credit, obligation or commitment under the Financial
Agreement is outstanding, that covenant shall be deemed to apply hereunder at
any time the Borrower has any obligation (whether absolute or contingent) under
this Agreement.

"Financial Agreement" means each existing or future agreement or instrument
relating to any loan or extension of credit from the Bank to the Borrower
(whether or not anyone else is a party thereto), as the same exists when
executed and without regard to any termination or cancellation thereof, or
unless consented to in writing by the Bank, any amendment, modification,
addition, waiver or consent thereto or thereof.

As an inducement to the Bank to establish the Commitment and to make advances
thereunder, the Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Bank (which
representation and warranty will be deemed repeated on the date of each advance
under the Commitment) that the representations and warranties set forth in
Article 4 of that certain Credit Agreement dated as of April 20, 1995 among the
Borrower, Wachovia Bank of Georgia, N. A., as Agent, and the Banks identified
therein are true and correct as if made on and as of the date hereof (with
references in such representations and warranties to "this Agreement," "the
Notes" and "the Banks" being deemed to be references to this letter, the Note
and the Bank, respectively).

<PAGE>


Upon (i) any failure by the Borrower to pay any amount under this letter or the
Note when due, (ii) any representation or warranty made or deemed made in this
letter being untrue or incorrect in any material respect, (iii) any covenant
made or incorporated herein being breached (and if a cure period or notice
requirement is associated with such covenant prior to it becoming an Event of
Default under any Financial Agreement, such cure period shall have expired
and/or such notice requirement shall have been met), or (iv) the occurrence of
any Event of Default under any Financial Agreement, then the Bank shall have the
immediate right (without demand, protest or any notice of any kind, all of which
are hereby waived by the Borrower) to terminate the Commitment and declare the
principal amount of all advances made under the Commitment, together with
interest thereon and any other amounts payable under this letter or the Note, to
be immediately due and payable, whereupon the same shall become immediately due
and payable.

No condition or other term of this commitment may be waived or modified except
by written notification signed by the Borrower and the Bank. If an executed copy
of this letter is not received by March 31, 1998, then this Commitment shall be
null and void.

This Commitment is not assignable by the Borrower and no party other than the
Borrower is entitled to rely on this Commitment.

In no event shall the Bank be liable to the Borrower for indirect, special, or
consequential damages, including the loss of anticipated profits that may arise
out of or are in any way connected with the Commitment.

This letter shall be interpreted, construed, enforced, and governed by the laws
of the State of Georgia.

Sincerely,
WACHOVIA BANK, N.A.



/s/ Walter R. Gillikin

By: Walter R. Gillikin
Senior Vice President

<PAGE>


NOTE

Date: 3/17/98

For Value Received, The Valspar Corporation (hereinafter called the "Borrower"),
hereby promises to pay on the maturity date or dates referenced below to the
order of WACHOVIA BANK, N.A. (hereinafter called the "Lender"), at its office
where borrowed, the principal sum of Fifty Million Dollars or the aggregate
unpaid principal sum of all advances which the Lender actually makes hereunder
to the Borrower, whichever amount is less, together with interest in arrears
payable as hereafter provided at a rate computed on the basis of a 360-day year
for the actual number of days in each interest period, determined as herein set
forth.

Lender shall make advances under this Note upon telephonic or written
communication of a borrowing request from any person representing himself or
herself to be the Borrower or, in the event Borrower is a partnership or
corporation, a duly authorized officer or representative of Borrower. The Lender
or other holder shall be and is hereby authorized by the Borrower to set forth
on the reverse side of this Note, or on an attachment hereto: (1) the amount and
date of each advance made hereunder; (2) the interest rate for each such
advance; (3) the Interest Period for each such advance; and (4) each payment of
principal received thereon and the date of such payment; provided, however, any
such notation or the failure to make any such notation shall not limit or
otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower with respect to the repayment of
all advances actually made hereunder. In the event of a good faith dispute among
the parties to this Note as to rate, the rate shall be the Prime Rate.

After this Note or any advance of this Note shall become due, whether on demand
or otherwise, the unpaid principal of this Note shall bear interest at a rate
per annum equal to 150% of the Prime Rate not to exceed the maximum rate
permitted by applicable law.

All payments of any advance hereunder shall be applied first to accrued interest
and then to principal.

The Borrower may prepay any advance hereunder prior to the maturity date for
such advance only upon 1 business day prior written notice to the Lender.

This Note is being executed and delivered to evidence advances made by the
Lender to the Borrower pursuant to a Commitment established under a letter
agreement dated March 16, 1998 (the "Letter Agreement") between the Lender and
the Borrower. Reference is hereby made to the terms and conditions of the Letter
Agreement (which terms are hereby incorporated in this Note by reference)
relating to, among other things, the maturity date of the advances and the
interest rate or rates applicable to the advances. Capitalized terms used but
not defined in this Note have the respective meanings indicted in the Letter
Agreement.

<PAGE>


No waiver by the Lender of any provision of this Note of the Letter Agreement
shall be effective unless in writing. All parties to this Note, including
makers, endorsers, sureties and guarantors, whether bound by this or by separate
instrument or agreement, shall be jointly and severally liable for the
indebtedness evidenced by this Note and hereby (1) waive presentment for
payment, demand, protest, notice of nonpayment or dishonor and of protest and
any and all other notices and demands whatsoever; (2) consent that at any time,
or from time to time, payment of any sum payable under this Note may be extended
without notice, whether for a definite or indefinite time; and (3) agree to
remain liable until the indebtedness evidenced hereby is paid in full
irrespective of any extension, modification or renewal. No conduct of the holder
shall be deemed a waiver or release of such liability, unless the holder
expressly releases such party in writing. In the event the indebtedness
evidenced hereby is collected by or through an attorney, the holder shall be
entitled to recover reasonable attorneys' fees and all other costs and expenses
of collection. Time is of the essence.

This Note shall evidence all advances and payments of principle made hereunder
until it is surrendered to the Borrower by the Lender, and it shall continue to
be used even though there may be periods prior to such surrender when no amount
of principal or interest is owing hereunder.

This Note, and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder, shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower has executed this Note under seal the day and
year set forth above.


