









<PAGE>   1
EXHIBIT 10.33

WELLS FARGO BANK                                   REVOLVING LINE OF CREDIT NOTE

$10,000,000.00                                                  DENVER, COLORADO
APRIL 30, 2001

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned STARTEK, INC. ("Borrower") promises to
pay to the order of WELLS FARGO BANK WEST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("Bank") at its
office at CORPORATE BANKING, 1740 BROADWAY, DENVER, CO 80274, or at such other
place as the holder hereof may designate, in lawful money of the United States
of America and in immediately available funds, the principal sum of
$10,000,000.00, or so much thereof as may be advanced and be outstanding, with
interest thereon, to be computed on each advance from the date of its
disbursement as set forth herein.

INTEREST:

(a) Interest. The outstanding principal balance of this Note shall bear
interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed) at a
rate per annum 1.00000% below the Prime Rate in effect from time to time. The
"Prime Rate" is a base rate that Bank from time to time establishes and which
serves as the basis upon which effective rates of interest are calculated for
those loans making reference thereto. Each change in the rate of interest
hereunder shall become effective on the date each Prime Rate change is announced
within Bank.

(b) Payment of Interest. Interest accrued on this Note shall be payable on
the LAST day of each MONTH, commencing MAY 31, 2001.

(c) Default Interest. From and after the maturity date of this Note, or
such earlier date as all principal owing hereunder becomes due and payable by
acceleration or otherwise, the outstanding principal balance of this Note shall
bear interest until paid in full at an increased rate per annum (computed on the
basis of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed) equal to 4% above the rate of
interest from time to time applicable to this Note.

BORROWING AND REPAYMENT:

(a) Borrowing and Repayment. Borrower may from time to time during the term
of this Note borrow, partially or wholly repay its outstanding borrowings, and
reborrow, subject to all of the limitations, terms and conditions of this Note
and of the Credit Agreement between Borrower and Bank defined below; provided
however, that the total outstanding borrowings under this Note shall not at any
time exceed the principal amount stated above. The unpaid principal balance of
this obligation at any time shall be the total amounts advanced hereunder by the
holder hereof less the amount of principal payments made hereon by or for any
Borrower, which balance may be endorsed hereon from time to time by the holder.
The outstanding principal balance of this Note shall be due and payable in full
on APRIL 30, 2003.

(b) Advances. Advances hereunder, to the total amount of the principal sum
available hereunder, may be made by the holder at the oral or written request of
(i) MICHAEL W. MORGAN OR A. EMMET STEPHENSON, JR. OR DENNIS M. SWENSON OR E.
PRESTON SUMNER, JR., any one acting alone, who are authorized to request
advances and direct the disposition of any advances until written notice of the
revocation of such authority is received by the holder at the office designated
above, or (ii) any person, with respect to advances deposited to the credit of
any deposit account of any Borrower, which advances, when so deposited, shall be
conclusively presumed to have been made to or for the benefit of each Borrower
regardless of the fact that persons other than those authorized to request
advances may have authority to draw against such account. The holder shall have
no obligation to determine whether any person requesting an advance is or has
been authorized by any Borrower.

(c) Application of Payments. Each payment made on this Note shall be
credited first, to any interest then due and second, to the outstanding
principal balance hereof.



PAGE 1
<PAGE>   2

EVENTS OF DEFAULT:

This Note is made pursuant to and is subject to the terms and conditions of
that certain Credit Agreement between Borrower and Bank dated as of APRIL 30,
2001, as amended from time to time (the "Credit Agreement"). Any default in the
payment or performance of any obligation under this Note, or any defined event
of default under the Credit Agreement, shall constitute an "Event of Default"
under this Note.

MISCELLANEOUS:

(a) Remedies. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, the holder of
this Note, at the holder's option, may declare all sums of principal and
interest outstanding hereunder to be immediately due and payable without
presentment, demand, notice of nonperformance, notice of protest, protest or
notice of dishonor, all of which are expressly waived by each Borrower, and the
obligation, if any, of the holder to extend any further credit hereunder shall
immediately cease and terminate. Each Borrower shall pay to the holder
immediately upon demand the full amount of all payments, advances, charges,
costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees (to include outside
counsel fees and all allocated costs of the holder's in-house counsel), expended
or incurred by the holder in connection with the enforcement of the holder's
rights and/or the collection of any amounts which become due to the holder under
this Note, and the prosecution or defense of any action in any way related to
this Note, including without limitation, any action for declaratory relief,
whether incurred at the trial or appellate level, in an arbitration proceeding
or otherwise, and including any of the foregoing incurred in connection with any
bankruptcy proceeding (including without limitation, any adversary proceeding,
contested matter or motion brought by Bank or any other person) relating to any
Borrower or any other person or entity.

(b) Obligations Joint and Several. Should more than one person or entity
sign this Note as a Borrower, the obligations of each such Borrower shall be
joint and several.

(c) Governing Law. This Note shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Note as of the date
first written above.

STARTEK, INC.

BY: /s/ A. EMMET STEPHENSON, JR.
A. Emmet Stephenson, Jr., Chairman of the Board

By: /s/ DENNIS M. SWENSON
Dennis M. Swenson, CFO

PAGE 2
<PAGE>   3

WELLS FARGO BANK                                 CORPORATE RESOLUTION: BORROWING

TO: WELLS FARGO BANK WEST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

RESOLVED: That this corporation, STARTEK, INC., proposes to obtain credit
from time to time, or has obtained credit, from Wells Fargo Bank West, National
Association ("Bank").

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that any TWO of the following officers:

PRESIDENT/CEO, CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD, CFO, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT

together with any ONE of the following officers:

NONE

of this corporation be and they are hereby authorized and empowered for and on
behalf of and in the name of this corporation and as its corporate act and deed:

(a) To borrow money from Bank and to assume any liabilities of any other
person or entity to Bank, in such form and on such terms and conditions as shall
be agreed upon by those authorized above and Bank, and to sign and deliver to
Bank such promissory notes and other evidences of indebtedness for money
borrowed or advanced and/or for indebtedness assumed as Bank shall require; such
promissory notes or other evidences of indebtedness may provide that advances be
requested by telephone communication and by any officer, employee or agent of
this corporation so long as the advances are deposited into any deposit account
of this corporation with Bank; this corporation shall be bound to Bank by, and
Bank may rely upon, any communication or act, including telephone
communications, purporting to be done by any officer, employee or agent of this
corporation provided that Bank believes, in good faith, that the same is done by
such person.

(b) To contract for the issuance by Bank of letters of credit, to discount
with Bank notes, acceptances and evidences of indebtedness payable to or due
this corporation, to endorse the same and execute such contracts and instruments
for repayment thereof to Bank as Bank shall require, and to enter into foreign
exchange transactions with or through Bank.

(c) To mortgage, encumber, pledge, convey, grant, assign or otherwise
transfer all or any part of this corporation's real or personal property for the
purpose of securing the payment of any of the promissory notes, contracts,
instruments and other evidences of indebtedness authorized hereby, and to
execute and deliver to Bank such deeds of trust, mortgages, pledge agreements,
security agreements and/or other related documents as Bank shall require.

(d) To perform all acts and to execute and deliver all documents described
above and all other contracts and instruments which Bank deems necessary or
convenient to accomplish the purposes of this resolution and/or to perfect or
continue the rights, remedies and security interests to be given to Bank
pursuant hereto, including without limitation, any modifications, renewals
and/or extensions of any of this corporation's obligations to Bank, however
evidenced; provided that the aggregate principal amount of all sums borrowed and
credits established pursuant to this resolution shall not at any time exceed the
sum of $19,050,000.00 outstanding and unpaid.

Loans made pursuant to a special resolution and loans made by offices of
Bank other than the office to which this resolution is delivered shall be in
addition to foregoing limitation.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the authority hereby conferred is in addition
to that conferred by any other resolution heretofore or hereafter delivered by
this corporation to Bank and shall continue in full force and effect until Bank
shall have received notice in writing, certified by the Secretary of this
corporation, of the revocation hereof by a resolution duly adopted by the Board
of Directors of this corporation. Any such revocation shall be effective only as
to credit which is extended or committed by Bank, or actions which are



PAGE 1
<PAGE>   4

taken by this corporation pursuant to the resolutions contained herein,
subsequent to Bank's receipt of such notice. The authority hereby conferred
shall be deemed retroactive, and any and all acts authorized herein which were
performed prior to the passage of this resolution are hereby approved and
ratified.

CERTIFICATION

I, DENNIS M. SWENSON, Secretary of STARTEK, INC., a corporation created and
existing under the laws of the state of DELAWARE, do hereby certify and declare
that the foregoing is a full, true and correct copy of the resolutions duly
passed and adopted by the Board of Directors of said corporation, by written
consent of all Directors of said corporation or at a meeting of said Board duly
and regularly called, noticed and held on _____________________________________,
at which meeting a quorum of the Board of Directors was present and voted in
favor of said resolutions; that said resolutions are now in full force and
effect; that there is no provision in the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of
said corporation, or any shareholder agreement, limiting the power of the Board
of Directors of said corporation to pass the foregoing resolutions and that such
resolutions are in conformity with the provisions of such Articles of
Incorporation and Bylaws; and that no approval by the shareholders of, or of the
outstanding shares of, said corporation is required with respect to the matters
which are the subject of the foregoing resolutions.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and, if required by Bank
affixed the corporate seal of said corporation, as of _________________________.

/s/ DENNIS M. SWENSON
DENNIS M. SWENSON, Secretary

(SEAL)


PAGE 2
<PAGE>   5

WELLS FARGO BANK                                       CERTIFICATE OF INCUMBENCY

TO: WELLS FARGO BANK WEST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

The undersigned, DENNIS M. SWENSON, Secretary of STARTEK, INC., a
corporation created and existing under the laws of the state of DELAWARE, hereby
certifies to Wells Fargo Bank West, National Association ("Bank") that (a) the
following named persons are duly elected officers of this corporation and
presently hold the titles specified below, (b) said officers are authorized to
act on behalf of this Corporation in transactions with Bank, and (c) the
signature opposite each officer's name is his or her true signature:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
TITLE                              NAME                           SIGNATURE
<S>                                <C>                            <C>
President/CEO                      Michael W. Morgan              /s/ MICHAEL W. MORGAN

Chairman of the Board              A. Emmet Stephenson, Jr.       /s/ A. EMMET STEPHENSON, JR.

CFO                                Dennis M. Swenson              /s/ DENNIS M. SWENSON

Executive Vice President           E. Preston Sumner, Jr.         /s/ E. PRESTON SUMNER, JR.
</TABLE>

The undersigned further certifies that if any of the above-named officers
change, or if, at any time, any of said officers are no longer authorized to act
on behalf of this corporation in transactions with Bank, this corporation shall
immediately provide to Bank a new Certificate of Incumbency. Bank is hereby
authorized to rely on this Certificate of Incumbency until a new Certificate of
Incumbency certified by the Secretary of this corporation is received by Bank.

IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed the corporate
seal of said corporation as of ________________________.

/s/ DENNIS M. SWENSON
DENNIS M. SWENSON, Secretary

(SEAL)



PAGE 1
<PAGE>   6

CREDIT AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT is entered into as of April 30, 2001, by and between
STARTEK, INC., a Delaware corporation ("Borrower"), and WELLS FARGO BANK WEST,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("Bank").

RECITAL

Borrower has requested from Bank the credit accommodations described
below (each, a "Credit" and collectively, the "Credits"), and Bank has agreed to
provide the Credits to Borrower on the terms and conditions contained herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, Bank and Borrower hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I
THE CREDITS

SECTION 1.1. LINE OF CREDIT.

(a) Line of Credit. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Bank hereby agrees to make advances to Borrower from time to time up
to and including April 30, 2003, not to exceed at any time the aggregate
principal amount of Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000.00) ("Line of Credit"), the
proceeds of which shall be used for working capital. Borrower's obligation to
repay advances under the Line of Credit shall be evidenced by a promissory note
substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto ("Revolving Line of
Credit Note"), all terms of which are incorporated herein by this reference.

(b) Limitation on Borrowings. Outstanding borrowings under the Line of
Credit, to a maximum of the principal amount set forth above, shall not at any
time exceed an aggregate of Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000.00).

(c) Borrowing and Repayment. Borrower may from time to time during the
term of the Line of Credit borrow, partially or wholly repay its outstanding
borrowings, and reborrow, subject to all of the limitations, terms and
conditions contained herein or in the Revolving Line of Credit Note; provided
however, that the total outstanding borrowings under the Line of Credit shall
not at any time exceed the maximum principal amount available thereunder, as set
forth above.

SECTION 1.2. INTEREST/FEES.

(a) Interest. The outstanding principal balance of each credit subject
hereto shall bear interest from the date such draft is paid to the date such
amount is fully repaid by Borrower, at the rate of interest set forth in each
promissory note or other instrument executed in connection therewith.



<PAGE>   7

(b) Prime Rate. The term "Prime Rate" shall mean at any time the rate
of interest most recently announced within Bank at its principal office as its
Prime Rate, with the understanding that the Prime Rate is one of Bank's base
rates and serves as the basis upon which effective rates of interest are
calculated for those loans making reference thereto, and is evidenced by the
recording thereof in such internal publication or publications as Bank may
designate. Each change in the rate of interest shall become effective on the
date each Prime Rate change is announced within Bank.

(c) Computation and Payment. Interest shall be computed on the basis of
a 360-day year, actual days elapsed. Interest shall be payable at the times and
place set forth in each promissory note or other instrument required hereby.

(d) Commitment Fee. Borrower shall pay to Bank a non-refundable
commitment fee for the Revolving Line of Credit Note equal to $12,000.00 which
fee shall be due and payable annually on April 30th each year. Borrower has the
option to pay the commitment fee on a monthly basis.

ARTICLE II
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Borrower makes the following representations and warranties to Bank,
which representations and warranties shall survive the execution of this
Agreement and shall continue in full force and effect until the full and final
payment, and satisfaction and discharge, of all obligations of Borrower to Bank
subject to this Agreement.

SECTION 2.1. LEGAL STATUS. Borrower is a corporation, duly organized
and existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of Delaware, and
is qualified or licensed to do business (and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation, if applicable) in all jurisdictions in which such qualification or
licensing is required or in which the failure to so qualify or to be so licensed
could have a material adverse effect on Borrower.

SECTION 2.2. AUTHORIZATION AND VALIDITY. This Agreement and each
promissory note, contract, instrument and other document required hereby or at
any time hereafter delivered to Bank in connection herewith (collectively, the
"Loan Documents") have been duly authorized, and upon their execution and
delivery in accordance with the provisions hereof will constitute legal, valid
and binding agreements and obligations of Borrower or the party which executes
the same, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms.

SECTION 2.3. NO VIOLATION. The execution, delivery and performance by
Borrower of each of the Loan Documents do not violate any provision of any law
or regulation, or contravene any provision of the Articles of Incorporation or
by-laws of Borrower, or result in any breach of or default under any contract,
obligation, indenture or other instrument to which Borrower is a party or by
which Borrower may be bound.

SECTION 2.4. LITIGATION. There are no pending, or to the best of
Borrowers knowledge threatened, actions, claims, investigations, suits or
proceedings by or before any governmental authority, arbitrator, court or
administrative agency which could have a material adverse effect on the
financial condition or operation of Borrower other than those disclosed by
Borrower to Bank in writing prior to the date hereof.



<PAGE>   8

SECTION 2.5. CORRECTNESS OF FINANCIAL STATEMENT. The financial
statement of Borrower dated December 31, 2000, a true copy of which has been
delivered by Borrower to Bank prior to the date hereof, (a) is complete and
correct and presents fairly the financial condition of Borrower, (b) discloses
all liabilities of Borrower that are required to be reflected or reserved
against under generally accepted accounting principles, whether liquidated or
unliquidated, fixed or contingent, and (c) has been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied. Since the date of
such financial statement there has been no material adverse change in the
financial condition of Borrower, nor has Borrower mortgaged, pledged, granted a
security interest in or otherwise encumbered any of its assets or properties
except in favor of Bank or as otherwise permitted by Bank in writing.

SECTION 2.6. INCOME TAX RETURNS. Borrower has no knowledge of any
pending assessments or adjustments of its income tax payable with respect to any
year.

SECTION 2.7. NO SUBORDINATION. There is no agreement, indenture,
contract or instrument to which Borrower is a party or by which Borrower may be
bound that requires the subordination in right of payment of any of Borrower's
obligations subject to this Agreement to any other obligation of Borrower.

SECTION 2.8. PERMITS, FRANCHISES. Borrower possesses, and will
hereafter possess, all permits, consents, approvals, franchises and licenses
required and rights to all trademarks, trade names, patents, and fictitious
names, if any, necessary to enable it to conduct the business in which it is now
engaged in compliance with applicable law.

SECTION 2.9. ERISA. Borrower is in compliance in all material respects
with all applicable provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended or recodified from time to time ("ERISA"); Borrower has not
violated any provision of any defined employee pension benefit plan (as defined
in ERISA) maintained or contributed to by Borrower (each, a "Plan"); no
Reportable Event as defined in ERISA has occurred and is continuing with respect
to any Plan initiated by Borrower; Borrower has met its minimum funding
requirements under ERISA with respect to each Plan; and each Plan will be able
to fulfill its benefit obligations as they come due in accordance with the Plan
documents and under generally accepted accounting principles.

SECTION 2.10. OTHER OBLIGATIONS. Borrower is not in default on any
obligation for borrowed money, any purchase money obligation or any other
material lease, commitment, contract, instrument or obligation.

SECTION 2.11. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS. Except as disclosed by Borrower to
Bank in writing prior to the date hereof, Borrower is in compliance in all
material respects with all applicable federal or state environmental, hazardous
waste, health and safety statutes, and any rules or regulations adopted pursuant
thereto, which govern or affect any of Borrower's operations and/or properties,
including without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, the Superfund Amendments and
Reauthorization Act of 1986, the Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act
of 1976, and the Federal Toxic Substances Control Act, as any of the same may be
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. None of the operations of
Borrower is the subject of any federal or state investigation evaluating whether
any remedial action involving a material expenditure is needed to respond to a
release of any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the environment.
Borrower has no material contingent liability in connection with any release of
any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the environment.



<PAGE>   9

ARTICLE III
CONDITIONS

SECTION 3.1. CONDITIONS OF INITIAL EXTENSION OF CREDIT. The obligation
of Bank to grant any of the Credits is subject to the fulfillment to Bank's
satisfaction of all of the following conditions:

(a) Approval of Bank Counsel. All legal matters incidental to the
granting of each of the Credits shall be satisfactory to Bank's counsel.

(b) Documentation. Bank shall have received, in form and substance
satisfactory to Bank, each of the following, duly executed:

(i)      This Agreement and each promissory note or other instrument
required hereby.

(ii)     Corporate Resolution: Borrowing.

(iii)    Certificate of Incumbency,

(iv)     Billing Invoice.

(v)      Such other documents as Bank may require under any other
Section of this Agreement.

(c) Financial Condition. There shall have been no material adverse
change, as determined by Bank, in the financial condition or business of
Borrower, nor any material decline, as determined by Bank, in the market value
of any collateral required hereunder or a substantial or material portion of the
assets of Borrower.

(d) Insurance. Borrower shall have delivered to Bank evidence of
insurance coverage on all Borrowers property, in form, substance, amounts,
covering risks and issued by companies satisfactory to Bank, and where required
by Bank.

SECTION 3.2. CONDITIONS OF EACH EXTENSION OF CREDIT. The obligation of
Bank to make each extension of credit requested by Borrower hereunder shall be
subject to the fulfillment to Bank's satisfaction of each of the following
conditions:

(a) Compliance. The representations and warranties contained herein and
in each of the other Loan Documents shall be true on and as of the date of the
signing of this Agreement and on the date of each extension of credit by Bank
pursuant hereto, with the same effect as though such representations and
warranties had been made on and as of each such date, and on each such date, no
Event of Default as defined herein, and no condition, event or act which with
the giving of notice or the passage of time or both would constitute such an
Event of Default, shall have occurred and be continuing or shall exist.

(b) Documentation. Bank shall have received all additional documents
which may be required in connection with such extension of credit.

ARTICLE IV
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

Borrower covenants that so long as Bank remains committed to extend
credit to Borrower pursuant hereto, or any liabilities (whether direct or
contingent, liquidated or unliquidated) of Borrower to Bank under any of the
Loan Documents remain outstanding, and



<PAGE>   10

until payment in full of all obligations of Borrower subject hereto, Borrower
shall, unless Bank otherwise consents in writing:

SECTION 4.1. PUNCTUAL PAYMENTS. Punctually pay all principal, interest,
fees or other liabilities due under any of the Loan Documents at the times and
place and in the manner specified therein, and immediately upon demand by Bank,
the amount by which the outstanding principal balance of any of the Credits at
any time exceeds any limitation on borrowings applicable thereto.

SECTION 4.2. ACCOUNTING RECORDS. Maintain adequate books and records in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied,
and permit any representative of Bank, at any reasonable time, to inspect, audit
and examine such books and records, to make copies of the same, and to inspect
the properties of Borrower.

SECTION 4.3. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Provide to Bank all of the
following, in form and detail satisfactory to Bank:

(a) not later than 90 days after and as of the end of each fiscal year,
a financial statement of Borrower, prepared by Borrower, to include the
Borrower's 10K report;

(b) not later than 45 days after and as of the end of each quarter, a
financial statement of Borrower, prepared by Borrower, to include the Borrower's
10Q report;

(c) not later than 90 days after and as of the end of each fiscal year,
an aged listing of accounts receivable and accounts payable, and a
reconciliation of accounts;

(d) from time to time such other information as Bank may reasonably
request.

SECTION 4.4. COMPLIANCE. Preserve and maintain all licenses, permits,
governmental approvals, rights, privileges and franchises necessary for the
conduct of its business; and comply with the provisions of all documents
pursuant to which Borrower is organized and/or which govern Borrower's continued
existence and with the requirements of all laws, rules, regulations and orders
of any governmental authority applicable to Borrower and/or its business.

SECTION 4.5. INSURANCE. Maintain and keep in force insurance of the
types and in amounts customarily carried in lines of business similar to that of
Borrower, including but not limited to fire, extended coverage, public
liability, flood, property damage and workers' compensation, with all such
insurance carried with companies and in amounts satisfactory to Bank, and
deliver to Bank from time to time at Bank's request schedules setting forth all
insurance then in effect.

SECTION 4.6. FACILITIES. Keep all properties useful or necessary to
Borrower's business in good repair and condition, and from time to time make
necessary repairs, renewals and replacements thereto so that such properties
shall be fully and efficiently preserved and maintained.

SECTION 4.7. TAXES AND OTHER LIABILITIES. Pay and discharge when due
any and all indebtedness, obligations, assessments and taxes, both real or
personal, including without limitation federal and state income taxes and state
and local property taxes and assessments, except such (a) as Borrower may in
good faith contest or as to which a bona fide



<PAGE>   11

dispute may arise, and (b) for which Borrower has made provision, to Bank's
satisfaction, for eventual payment thereof in the event Borrower is obligated to
make such payment.

SECTION 4.8. LITIGATION. Promptly give notice in writing to Bank of any
litigation pending or threatened against Borrower.

SECTION 4.9. FINANCIAL CONDITION. Maintain Borrower's financial
condition as follows using generally accepted accounting principles consistently
applied and used consistently with prior practices (except to the extent
modified by the definitions herein):

(a) Tangible Net Worth not at any time less than Sixty Five Million
Dollars ($65,000,000.00), with "Tangible Net Worth" defined as the aggregate of
total stockholders' equity plus subordinated debt less any intangible assets.

(b) Net income after taxes not less than $1.00 on an annual basis,
determined as of each fiscal year end. Company shall not post losses in any two
consecutive quarters. Borrower could lose its entire investment in and notes
receivable from Gifts.com, Inc. For the purposes of this Section 4.9.(b) any
write-down pertaining to Gifts.com, Inc. will be excluded.

SECTION 4.10. NOTICE TO BANK. Promptly (but in no event more than five
(5) days after the occurrence of each such event or matter) give written notice
to Bank in reasonable detail of: (a) the occurrence of any Event of Default, or
any condition, event or act which with the giving of notice or the passage of
time or both would constitute an Event of Default; (b) any change in the name or
the organizational structure of Borrower; (c) the occurrence and nature of any
Reportable Event or Prohibited Transaction, each as defined in ERISA, or any
funding deficiency with respect to any Plan; or (d) any termination or
cancellation of any insurance policy which Borrower is required to maintain, or
any uninsured or partially uninsured loss through liability or property damage,
or through fire, theft or any other cause affecting Borrower's property.

ARTICLE V
NEGATIVE COVENANTS

Borrower further covenants that so long as Bank remains committed to
extend credit to Borrower pursuant hereto, or any liabilities (whether direct or
contingent, liquidated or unliquidated) of Borrower to Bank under any of the
Loan Documents remain outstanding, and until payment in full of all obligations
of Borrower subject hereto, Borrower will not without Bank's prior written
consent:

SECTION 5.1. USE OF FUNDS. Use any of the proceeds of any of the
Credits except for the purposes stated in Article I hereof.

SECTION 5.2. OTHER INDEBTEDNESS. Create, incur, assume or permit to
exist any indebtedness or liabilities resulting from borrowings, loans or
advances, whether secured or unsecured, matured or unmatured, liquidated or
unliquidated, joint or several, that exceeds $10,000,000.00 per transaction and
$15,000,000.00 in the aggregate during the term of the loan, except (a) the
liabilities of Borrower to Bank, and (b) any other liabilities of Borrower
existing as of, and disclosed to Bank prior to, the date hereof.

SECTION 5.3. MERGER, CONSOLIDATION, TRANSFER OF ASSETS. Merge into or
consolidate with any other entity; make any substantial change in the nature of
Borrower's



<PAGE>   12

business as conducted as of the date hereof; acquire all or substantially all of
the assets of any other entity; nor sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose
of all or a substantial or material portion of Borrower's assets except in the
ordinary course of its business or upon prior written consent of Bank, which
will not be unreasonably withheld.

SECTION 5.4. GUARANTEES. Guarantee or become liable in any way as
surety, endorser (other than as endorser of negotiable instruments for deposit
or collection in the ordinary course of business), accommodation endorser or
otherwise for, nor pledge or hypothecate any assets of Borrower as security for,
any liabilities or obligations of any other person or entity on a consolidated
basis, except any of the foregoing in favor of Bank.

SECTION 5.5. LOANS, ADVANCES, INVESTMENTS. Make any loans or advances
to or investments in any person or entity in excess of $15,000,000.00 during the
term of the loan, except any of the foregoing existing as of, and disclosed to
Bank prior to, the date hereof. This excludes current trading or investment for
sale portfolio.

SECTION 5.6. DIVIDENDS, DISTRIBUTIONS. Declare or pay any dividend or
distribution either in cash, stock or any other property on Borrower's stock now
or hereafter outstanding, nor redeem, retire, repurchase or otherwise acquire
any shares of any class of Borrowers stock now or hereafter outstanding in such
amounts that would cause a failure to comply with any terms of this agreement.

SECTION 5.7 PLEDGE OF ASSETS. Mortgage, pledge, grant or permit to
exist a security interest in, or lien upon, all or any portion of Borrower's
assets now owned or hereafter acquired that exceeds $10,000,000.00 per
transaction and $15,000,000.00 in the aggregate during the term of the loan,
except any of the foregoing in favor of Bank or which is existing as of, and
disclosed to Bank in writing prior to, the date hereof. Borrower shall allow no
person or entity a security interest in, or lien upon, its accounts receivable
or inventory without prior written consent of Bank.

ARTICLE VI
EVENTS OF DEFAULT

SECTION 6.1. The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an
"Event of Default" under this Agreement:

(a) Borrower shall fail to pay when due any principal, interest, fees
or other amounts payable under any of the Loan Documents.

(b) Any financial statement or certificate furnished to Bank in
connection with, or any representation or warranty made by Borrower or any other
party under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall prove to be
incorrect, false or misleading in any material respect when furnished or made.

(c) Any default in the performance of or compliance with any
obligation, agreement or other provision contained herein or in any other Loan
Document (other than those referred to in subsections (a) and (b) above), and
with respect to any such default which by its nature can be cured, such default
shall continue for a period of twenty (20) days from its occurrence.



<PAGE>   13

(d) Any default in the payment or performance of any obligation, or any
defined event of default, under the terms of any contract or instrument (other
than any of the Loan Documents) pursuant to which Borrower has incurred any debt
or other liability to any person or entity, including Bank.

(e) The filing of a notice of judgment lien against Borrower; or the
recording of any abstract of judgment against Borrower in any county in which
Borrower has an interest in real property; or the service of a notice of levy
and/or of a writ of attachment or execution, or other like process, against the
assets of Borrower; or the entry of a judgment against Borrower.

(f) Borrower shall become insolvent, or shall suffer or consent to or
apply for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or liquidator of
itself or any of its property, or shall generally fail to pay its debts as they
become due, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors;
Borrower shall file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or seeking
reorganization, in order to effect a plan or other arrangement with creditors or
any other relief under the Bankruptcy Reform Act, Title 11 of the United States
Code, as amended or recodified from time to time ("Bankruptcy Code"), or under
any state or federal law granting relief to debtors, whether now or hereafter in
effect; or any involuntary petition or proceeding pursuant to the Bankruptcy
Code or any other applicable state or federal law relating to bankruptcy,
reorganization or other relief for debtors is filed or commenced against
Borrower, or Borrower shall file an answer admitting the jurisdiction of the
court and the material allegations of any involuntary petition; or Borrower
shall be adjudicated a bankrupt, or an order for relief shall be entered against
Borrower by any court of competent jurisdiction under the Bankruptcy Code or any
other applicable state or federal law relating to bankruptcy, reorganization or
other relief for debtors.

(g) There shall exist or occur any event or condition which Bank in
good faith believes impairs, or is substantially likely to impair, the prospect
of payment or performance by Borrower of its obligations under any of the Loan
Documents.

(h) The dissolution or liquidation of Borrower; or Borrower, or any of
its directors, stockholders or members, shall take action seeking to effect the
dissolution or liquidation of Borrower.

(i) Any change in ownership during the term of this Agreement of an
aggregate of twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the common stock of Borrower
without prior written approval of Bank, which approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld.

SECTION 6.2. REMEDIES. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default: (a)
all indebtedness of Borrower under each of the Loan Documents, any term thereof
to the contrary notwithstanding, shall at Bank's option and without notice
become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or
notice of dishonor, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Borrower;
(b) the obligation, if any, of Bank to extend any further credit under any of
the Loan Documents shall immediately cease and terminate; and (c) Bank shall
have all rights, powers and remedies available under each of the Loan Documents,
or accorded by law, including without limitation the right to resort to any or
all security for any of the Credits and to exercise any or all of the rights of
a beneficiary or secured party pursuant to applicable law. All rights, powers
and remedies of Bank may be exercised at any time by Bank and from time to time
after the occurrence of an Event of Default, are cumulative and not exclusive,
and shall be in addition to any other rights, powers or remedies provided by law
or equity.



<PAGE>   14

ARTICLE VII
MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 7.1. NO WAIVER. No delay, failure or discontinuance of Bank in
exercising any right, power or remedy under any of the Loan Documents shall
affect or operate as a waiver of such right, power or remedy; nor shall any
single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude, waive or
otherwise affect any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any
other right, power or remedy. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any
kind by Bank of any breach of or default under any of the Loan Documents must be
in writing and shall be effective only to the extent set forth in such writing.

SECTION 7.2. NOTICES. All notices, requests and demands which any party
is required or may desire to give to any other party under any provision of
this Agreement must be in writing delivered to each party at the following
address:

BORROWER:        STARTEK, INC.
100 GARFIELD STREET
DENVER, CO 80270

BANK:            WELLS FARGO BANK WEST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
CORPORATE BANKING
1740 BROADWAY
DENVER, CO 80274

or to such other address as any party may designate by written notice to all
other parties. Each such notice, request and demand shall be deemed given or
made as follows: (a) if sent by hand delivery, upon delivery; (b) if sent by
mail, upon the earlier of the date of receipt or three (3) days after deposit in
the U.S. mail, first class and postage prepaid; and (c) if sent by telecopy,
upon receipt.

SECTION 7.3. COSTS, EXPENSES AND ATTORNEYS' FEES. Borrower shall pay to
Bank immediately upon demand the full amount of all payments, advances, charges,
costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees (to include outside
counsel fees and all allocated costs of Bank's in-house counsel), expended or
incurred by Bank in connection with (a) the negotiation and preparation of this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, Bank's continued administration hereof
and thereof, and the preparation of any amendments and waivers hereto and
thereto, (b) the enforcement of Bank's rights and/or the collection of any
amounts which become due to Bank under any of the Loan Documents, and (c) the
prosecution or defense of any action in any way related to any of the Loan
Documents, including without limitation, any action for declaratory relief,
whether incurred at the trial or appellate level, in an arbitration proceeding
or otherwise, and including any of the foregoing incurred in connection with any
bankruptcy proceeding (including without limitation, any adversary proceeding,
contested matter or motion brought by Bank or any other person) relating to any
Borrower or any other person or entity.

SECTION 7.4. SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, administrators, legal
representatives, successors and assigns of the parties; provided however, that
Borrower may not assign or transfer its interest hereunder without Bank's prior
written consent. Bank reserves the right to sell, assign, transfer, negotiate or
grant participations in all or any part of, or any interest in,



<PAGE>   15

Bank's rights and benefits under each of the Loan Documents. In connection
therewith, Bank may disclose all documents and information which Bank now has
or may hereafter acquire relating to any of the Credits, Borrower or its
business, or any collateral required hereunder.

SECTION 7.5. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENT. This Agreement and the other
Loan Documents constitute the entire agreement between Borrower and Bank with
respect to the Credits and supersede all prior negotiations, communications,
discussions and correspondence concerning the subject matter hereof. This
Agreement may be amended or modified only in writing signed by each party
hereto.

SECTION 7.6. NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement is made and
entered into for the sole protection and benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective permitted successors and assigns, and no other person or entity shall
be a third party beneficiary of, or have any direct or indirect cause of action
or claim in connection with, this Agreement or any other of the Loan Documents
to which it is not a party.

SECTION 7.7. TIME. Time is of the essence of each and every provision
of this Agreement and each other of the Loan Documents.

SECTION 7.8. SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS. If any provision of this
Agreement shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision
shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity
without invalidating the remainder of such provision or any remaining provisions
of this Agreement.

SECTION 7.9. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number
of counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be deemed to be
an original, and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the
same Agreement.

SECTION 7.10. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado.

SECTION 7.11. ARBITRATION.

(a) Arbitration. The parties hereto agree, upon demand by any party, to
submit to binding arbitration all claims, disputes and controversies between or
among them (and their respective employees, officers, directors, attorneys, and
other agents), whether in tort, contract or otherwise arising out of or relating
to in any way (i) the loan and related Loan Documents which are the subject of
this Agreement and its negotiation, execution, collateralization,
administration, repayment, modification, extension, substitution, formation,
inducement, enforcement, default or termination; or (ii) requests for additional
credit.

(b) Governing Rules. Any arbitration proceeding will (i) proceed in a
location in Colorado selected by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA");
(ii) be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (Title 9 of the United States
Code), notwithstanding any conflicting choice of law provision in any of the
documents between the parties; and (iii) be conducted by the AAA, or such other
administrator as the parties shall mutually agree upon, in accordance with the
AAA's commercial dispute resolution procedures, unless the claim or counterclaim
is at least $1,000,000.00 exclusive of claimed interest, arbitration fees and
costs in which case the arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the
AAA's optional procedures for large, complex commercial disputes (the commercial
dispute resolution procedures or the optional procedures for large, complex
commercial disputes to be referred to, as applicable, as the



<PAGE>   16

"Rules"). If there is any inconsistency between the terms hereof and the Rules,
the terms and procedures set forth herein shall control. Any party who fails or
refuses to submit to arbitration following a demand by any other party shall
bear all costs and expenses incurred by such other party in compelling
arbitration of any dispute. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to be a
waiver by any party that is a bank of the protections afforded to it under 12
U.S.C. Section 91 or any similar applicable state law.

(c) No Waiver of Provisional Remedies, Self-Help and Foreclosure. The
arbitration requirement does not limit the right of any party to (i) foreclose
against real or personal property collateral; (ii) exercise self-help remedies
relating to collateral or proceeds of collateral such as setoff or repossession;
or (iii) obtain provisional or ancillary remedies such as replevin, injunctive
relief, attachment or the appointment of a receiver, before, during or after the
pendency of any arbitration proceeding. This exclusion does not constitute a
waiver of the right or obligation of any party to submit any dispute to
arbitration or reference hereunder, including those arising from the exercise of
the actions detailed in sections (i), (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph.

(d) Arbitrator Qualifications and Powers. Any arbitration proceeding in
which the amount in controversy is $5,000,000.00 or less will be decided by a
single arbitrator selected according to the Rules, and who shall not render an
award of greater than $5,000,000.00. Any dispute in which the amount in
controversy exceeds $5,000,000.00 shall be decided by majority vote of a panel
of three arbitrators; provided however, that all three arbitrators must actively
participate in all hearings and deliberations. The arbitrator will be a neutral
attorney licensed in the State of Colorado or a neutral retired judge of the
state or federal judiciary of Colorado, in either case with a minimum of ten
years experience in the substantive law applicable to the subject matter of the
dispute to be arbitrated. The arbitrator will determine whether or not an issue
is arbitratable and will give effect to the statutes of limitation in
determining any claim. In any arbitration proceeding the arbitrator will decide
(by documents only or with a hearing at the arbitrator's discretion) any
pre-hearing motions which are similar to motions to dismiss for failure to state
a claim or motions for summary adjudication. The arbitrator shall resolve all
disputes in accordance with the substantive law of Colorado and may grant any
remedy or relief that a court of such state could order or grant within the
scope hereof and such ancillary relief as is necessary to make effective any
award. The arbitrator shall also have the power to award recovery of all costs
and fees, to impose sanctions and to take such other action as the arbitrator
deems necessary to the same extent a judge could pursuant to the Federal Rules
of Civil Procedure, the Colorado Rules of Civil Procedure or other applicable
law. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any
court having jurisdiction. The institution and maintenance of an action for
judicial relief or pursuit of a provisional or ancillary remedy shall not
constitute a waiver of the right of any party, including the plaintiff, to
submit the controversy or claim to arbitration if any other party contests such
action for judicial relief.

(e) Discovery. In any arbitration proceeding discovery will be
permitted in accordance with the Rules. All discovery shall be expressly limited
to matters directly relevant to the dispute being arbitrated and must be
completed no later than 20 days before the hearing date and within 180 days of
the filing of the dispute with the AAA. Any requests for an extension of the
discovery periods, or any discovery disputes, will be subject to final
determination by the arbitrator upon a showing that the request for discovery is
essential for the party's presentation and that no alternative means for
obtaining information is available.

(f) Class Proceedings and Consolidations. The resolution of any dispute
arising pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be determined by a
separate arbitration



<PAGE>   17

proceeding and such dispute shall not be consolidated with other disputes or
included in any class proceeding.

(g) Payment Of Arbitration Costs And Fees. The arbitrator shall award
all costs and expenses of the arbitration proceeding.

(h) Miscellaneous. To the maximum extent practicable, the AAA, the
arbitrators and the parties shall take all action required to conclude any
arbitration proceeding within 180 days of the filing of the dispute with the
AAA. No arbitrator or other party to an arbitration proceeding may disclose the
existence, content or results thereof, except for disclosures of information by
a party required in the ordinary course of its business or by applicable law or
regulation. If more than one agreement for arbitration by or between the parties
potentially applies to a dispute, the arbitration provision most directly
related to the Loan Documents or the subject matter of the dispute shall
control. This arbitration provision shall survive termination, amendment or
expiration of any of the Loan Documents or any relationship between the parties.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed as of the day and year first written above.

WELLS FARGO BANK WEST,
STARTEK, INC.                           NATIONAL ASSOCIATION


By: /s/ A. EMMET STEPHENSON, JR.       By: /s/ CRAIG BRANNEN
A. Emmet Stephenson, Jr.,              Craig Brannen, Vice President
Chairman of the Board

By: /s/ DENNIS M. SWENSON
Dennis M. Swenson, CFO



<PAGE>   18

THIS EXHIBIT "A" IS ATTACHED TO AND MADE A PART OF A              INITIAL HERE
CREDIT AGREEMENT DATED APRIL 30, 2001, EXECUTED BY                  A.E.S.JR.
STARTEK, INC. (BORROWER) AND WELLS FARGO BANK WEST,                 ---------
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (BANK).

WELLS FARGO BANK                                   REVOLVING LINE OF CREDIT NOTE

$10,000,000.00                                                  DENVER, COLORADO
APRIL 30, 2001

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned STARTEK, INC. ("Borrower") promises to
pay to the order of WELLS FARGO BANK WEST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("Bank") at its
office at CORPORATE BANKING, 1740 BROADWAY, DENVER, CO 80274, or at such other
place as the holder hereof may designate, in lawful money of the United States
of America and in immediately available funds, the principal sum of
$10,000,000.00, or so much thereof as may be advanced and be outstanding, with
Interest thereon, to be computed on each advance from the date of its
disbursement as set forth herein.

INTEREST:

(a) Interest. The outstanding principal balance of this Note shall bear
interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed) at a
rate per annum 1.00000% below the Prime Rate in effect from time to time. The
"Prime Rate" is a base rate that Bank from time to time establishes and which
serves as the basis upon which effective rates of interest are calculated for
those loans making reference thereto. Each change in the rate of interest
hereunder shall become effective on the date each Prime Rate change is announced
within Bank.

(b) Payment of Interest. Interest accrued on this Note shall be payable on
the LAST day of each month, commencing MAY 31, 2001.

(c) Default Interest. From and after the maturity date of this Note, or
such earlier date as all principal owing hereunder becomes due and payable by
acceleration or otherwise, the outstanding principal balance of this Note shall
bear interest until paid in full at an increased rate per annum (computed on the
basis of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed) equal to 4% above the rate of
interest from time to time applicable to this Note.

BORROWING AND REPAYMENT:

(a) Borrowing and Repayment. Borrower may from time to time during the term
of this Note borrow, partially or wholly repay its outstanding borrowings, and
reborrow, subject to all of the limitations, terms and conditions of this Note
and of the Credit Agreement between Borrower and Bank defined below, provided
however, that the total outstanding borrowings under this Note shall not at any
time exceed the principal amount stated above. The unpaid principal balance of
this obligation at any time shall be the total amounts advanced hereunder by the
holder hereof less the amount of principal payments made hereon by or for any
Borrower, which balance may be endorsed hereon from time to time by the holder.
The outstanding principal balance of this Note shall be due and payable in full
on APRIL 30, 2003.

(b) Advances. Advances hereunder, to the total amount of the principal sum
available hereunder, may be made by the holder at the oral or written request of
(i) MICHAEL W. MORGAN OR A. EMMET STEPHENSON, JR. OR DENNIS M. SWENSON OR E.
PRESTON SUMNER, JR., any one acting alone, who are authorized to request
advances and direct the disposition of any advances until written notice of the
revocation of such authority is received by the holder at the office designated
above, or (ii) any person, with respect to advances deposited to the credit of
any deposit account of any Borrower, which advances, when so deposited, shall be
conclusively presumed to have been made to or for the benefit of each Borrower
regardless of the fact that persons other than those authorized to request
advances may have authority to draw against such account. The holder shall have
no obligation to determine whether any person requesting an advance is or has
been authorized by any Borrower.

(c) Application of Payments. Each payment made on this Note shall be
credited first, to any interest then due and second, to the outstanding
principal balance hereof,



PAGE 1
<PAGE>   19

EVENTS OF DEFAULT:

This Note is made pursuant to and is subject to the terms and conditions of
that certain Credit Agreement between Borrower and Bank dated as of APRIL 30,
2001, as amended from time to time (the "Credit Agreement"). Any default in the
payment or performance of any obligation under this Note, or any defined event
of default under the Credit Agreement, shall constitute an "Event of Default"
under this Note.

MISCELLANEOUS:

(a) Remedies. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, the holder of
this Note, at the holder's option, may declare all sums of principal and
interest outstanding hereunder to be immediately due and payable without
presentment, demand, notice of nonperformance, notice of protest, protest or
notice of dishonor, all of which are expressly waived by each Borrower, and the
obligation, if any, of the holder to extend any further credit hereunder shall
immediately cease and terminate. Each Borrower shall pay to the holder
immediately upon demand the full amount of all payments, advances, charges,
costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees (to include outside
counsel fees and all allocated costs of the holder's in-house counsel), expended
or incurred by the holder in connection with the enforcement of the holder's
rights and/or the collection of any amounts which become due to the holder
under this Note, and the prosecution or defense of any action in any way related
to this Note, including without limitation, any action for declaratory relief,
whether incurred at the trial or appellate level, in an arbitration proceeding
or otherwise, and including any of the foregoing incurred in connection with any
bankruptcy proceeding (including without limitation, any adversary proceeding,
contested matter or motion brought by Bank or any other person) relating to any
Borrower or any other person or entity.

(b) Obligations Joint and Several. Should more than one person or entity
sign this Note as a Borrower, the obligations of each such Borrower shall be
joint and several.

(c) Governing Law. This Note shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Note as of the date
first written above.

STARTEK, INC.

By: /s/ A. EMMET STEPHENSON, JR.
A. Emmet Stephenson, Jr. Chairman of the Board


By: /s/ DENNIS M. SWENSON
Dennis M. Swenson, CFO



PAGE 2

