









Exhibit 10.1

================================================================================

[LOGO] JPMorgan

CREDIT AGREEMENT

dated as of

June 30, 2004

among

CENTRAL HUDSON GAS & ELECTRIC CORPORATION

The Lenders Party Hereto

and

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK,
As Arranger and Administrative Agent


FLEET NATIONAL BANK and HSBC BANK USA, as Co-Syndication Agents

KEY BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Documentation Agent

================================================================================

<PAGE>

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I

Definitions

SECTION 1.01.  Defined Terms................................................   1
SECTION 1.02.  Classification of Loans and Borrowings.......................  12
SECTION 1.03.  Terms Generally .............................................  12
SECTION 1.04.  Accounting Terms; GAAP.......................................  13

ARTICLE II

The Credits

SECTION 2.01.  Commitments..................................................  13
SECTION 2.02.  Loans and Borrowings.........................................  13
SECTION 2.03.  Requests for Revolving Borrowings............................  14
SECTION 2.04.  Funding of Borrowings........................................  14
SECTION 2.05.  Interest Elections...........................................  15
SECTION 2.06.  Termination and Reduction of Commitments.....................  16
SECTION 2.07.  Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt.........................  16
SECTION 2.08.  Prepayment of Loans..........................................  17
SECTION 2.09.  Fees.........................................................  17
SECTION 2.10.  Interest.....................................................  18
SECTION 2.11.  Alternate Rate of Interest...................................  18
SECTION 2.12.  Increased Costs..............................................  19
SECTION 2.13.  Break Funding Payments.......................................  19
SECTION 2.14.  Taxes........................................................  20
SECTION 2.15.  Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs..  21
SECTION 2.16.  Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders...............  22

ARTICLE III

Representations and Warranties

SECTION 3.01.  Organization; Powers.........................................  23
SECTION 3.02.  Authorization; Enforceability................................  23
SECTION 3.03.  Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts.........................  23
SECTION 3.04.  Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change..............  23
SECTION 3.05.  Properties...................................................  24
SECTION 3.06.  Litigation and Environmental Matters.........................  24
SECTION 3.07.  Compliance with Laws and Agreements..........................  24
SECTION 3.08.  Investment and Holding Company Status........................  24
SECTION 3.09.  Taxes........................................................  24


<PAGE>

SECTION 3.10.  ERISA........................................................  25
SECTION 3.11.  Disclosure...................................................  25

ARTICLE IV

Conditions

SECTION 4.01.  Effective Date...............................................  25
SECTION 4.02.  Each Credit Event............................................  26

ARTICLE V

Affirmative Covenants

SECTION 5.01.  Financial Statements and Other Information...................  26
SECTION 5.02.  Notices of Material Events...................................  27
SECTION 5.03.  Existence; Conduct of Business...............................  28
SECTION 5.04   Payment of Obligations.......................................  28
SECTION 5.05.  Maintenance of Properties; Insurance.........................  28
SECTION 5.06.  Books and Records; Inspection Rights.........................  28
SECTION 5.07.  Compliance with Laws.........................................  29
SECTION 5.08.  Use of Proceeds..............................................  29

ARTICLE VI

Negative Covenants

SECTION 6.01.  Liens........................................................  29
SECTION 6.02.  Fundamental Changes..........................................  30
SECTION 6.03.  Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions....  31
SECTION 6.04.  Restricted Payments..........................................  31
SECTION 6.05.  Hedging Agreements...........................................  31
SECTION 6.06.  Transactions with Affiliates.................................  31
SECTION 6.07.  Restrictive Agreements.......................................  32
SECTION 6.08.  Financial Covenants..........................................  32
SECTION 6.09.  Fiscal Year..................................................  32

ARTICLE VII

Events of Default............................................  32


<PAGE>

ARTICLE VIII

The Administrative Agent.....................................  34

ARTICLE IX

Miscellaneous

SECTION 9.01.  Notices......................................................  36
SECTION 9.02.  Waivers; Amendments..........................................  36
SECTION 9.03.  Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver...........................  37
SECTION 9.04.  Successors and Assigns.......................................  38
SECTION 9.05.  Survival.....................................................  40
SECTION 9.06.  Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness.....................  40
SECTION 9.07.  Severability.................................................  40
SECTION 9.08.  Right of Setoff..............................................  40
SECTION 9.09.  Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process...  41
SECTION 9.10.  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.........................................  41
SECTION 9.11.  Headings.....................................................  42
SECTION 9.12.  Confidentiality..............................................  42
SECTION 9.13.  Interest Rate Limitation.....................................  42
SECTION 9.14.  USA Patriot Act..............................................  42

SCHEDULES:

Schedule 2.01 -- Commitments
Schedule 3.05 -- Properties
Schedule 3.06 -- Disclosed Matters
Schedule 6.01 -- Existing Liens
Schedule 6.07 -- Existing Restrictions

EXHIBITS:

Exhibit A -- Form of Assignment and Acceptance
Exhibit B -- Form of Opinion of Borrower's Counsel

<PAGE>
1


CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of June 30, 2004, among CENTRAL HUDSON GAS &
ELECTRIC CORPORATION, the LENDERS party hereto, and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, as
Administrative Agent and Arranger.

The parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

Definitions

SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the
following terms have the meanings specified below:

"ABR", when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to
whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest
at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate.

"Adjusted LIBO Rate" means, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing
for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum (rounded upwards, if
necessary, to the next 1/16 of 1%) equal to (a) the LIBO Rate for such Interest
Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate plus the Applicable Rate.

"Administrative Agent" means JPMorgan Chase Bank, in its capacity as
administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder.

"Administrative Questionnaire" means an Administrative Questionnaire
in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.

"Affiliate" means, with respect to a specified Person, another
Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls
or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.

"Alternate Base Rate" means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to
the greater of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the Base CD Rate in
effect on such day plus 1% and (c) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on
such day plus 1/2 of 1%. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change
in the Prime Rate, the Base CD Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be
effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime
Rate, the Base CD Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate, respectively.

"Applicable Percentage" means, with respect to any Lender, the
percentage of the total Commitments represented by such Lender's Commitment. If
the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be
determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to
any assignments.

"Applicable Rate" means, for any day, with respect to any Eurodollar
Revolving

<PAGE>
2


Loan, or with respect to the facility fees payable hereunder, as the case may
be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption "Eurodollar
Spread" or "Facility Fee Rate", as the case may be, based upon the ratings for
the unsecured long-term debt rating of Borrower by Moody's and S&P,
respectively, applicable on such date to the Index Debt:

Unsecured Long-Term Debt
Rating of the Borrower                Eurodollar                     Commitment
by Moody's or S&P                    Spread*                         Fee
Category 1
>A+ or A1                          0.250%                         0.090%
Category 2
A or A2                           0.300%                         0.100%
Category 3
A- or A3                           0.400%                         0.125%
Category 4
BBB+ or Baa1                         0.550%                         0.150%
Category 5
BBB or Baa2                         0.750%                         0.175%
Category 6
(Less than)BBB or Baa2                   1.000%                         0.250%

*     Plus .125% for >50.0% utilization of the Facility

For purposes of the foregoing, (i) if either Moody's or S&P shall
not have in effect a rating for the Index Debt (other than by reason of the
circumstances referred to in the last sentence of this definition), then such
rating agency shall be deemed to have established a rating in Category 6; (ii)
if the ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody's and S&P
for the Index Debt shall fall within different Categories, the Applicable Rate
shall be based on the higher of the two ratings and (iii) if the ratings
established or deemed to have been established by Moody's and S&P for the Index
Debt shall be changed (other than as a result of a change in the rating system
of Moody's or S&P), such change shall be effective as of the date on which it is
first announced by the applicable rating agency. Each change in the Applicable
Rate shall apply during the period commencing on the effective date of such
change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the
next such change. If the rating system of Moody's or S&P shall change, or if
either such rating agency shall cease to be in the business of rating corporate
debt obligations, the Borrower and the Lenders shall negotiate in good faith to
amend this

<PAGE>
3


definition to reflect such changed rating system or the unavailability of
ratings from such rating agency and, pending the effectiveness of any such
amendment, the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the rating
most recently in effect prior to such change or cessation.

"Assessment Rate" means, for any day, the annual assessment rate in
effect on such day that is payable by a member of the Bank Insurance Fund
classified as "well-capitalized" and within supervisory subgroup "B" (or a
comparable successor risk classification) within the meaning of 12 C.F.R. Part
327 (or any successor provision) to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
for insurance by such Corporation of time deposits made in dollars at the
offices of such member in the United States; provided that if, as a result of
any change in any law, rule or regulation, it is no longer possible to determine
the Assessment Rate as aforesaid, then the Assessment Rate shall be such annual
rate as shall be determined by the Administrative Agent to be representative of
the cost of such insurance to the Lenders.

"Assignment and Acceptance" means an assignment and acceptance
entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose
consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent,
in the form of Exhibit A or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent.

"Availability Period" means the period from and including the
Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Maturity Date and the date of
termination of the Commitments.

"Base CD Rate" means the sum of (a) the Three-Month Secondary CD
Rate multiplied by the Statutory Reserve Rate plus (b) the Assessment Rate.

"Board" means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
of the United States of America.

"Borrower" means Central Hudson Gas & Electric Corporation, a New
York Corporation.

"Borrowing" means Revolving Loans of the same Type, made, converted
or continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurodollar Loans, as to which
a single Interest Period is in effect.

"Borrowing Request" means a request by the Borrower for a Revolving
Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03.

"Business Day" means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other
day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law
to remain closed; provided that, when used in connection with a Eurodollar Loan,
the term "Business Day" shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open
for dealings in dollar deposits in the London interbank market.

"Capital Lease Obligations" of any Person means the obligations of
such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other
arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a
combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and
accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP,
and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof
determined in accordance with GAAP.

"Change in Control" means (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly
or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the
meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of


<PAGE>
4


1934 and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder as in
effect on the date hereof) of shares representing more than 20% of the aggregate
ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding capital stock of
the Borrower; (b) occupation of a majority of the seats (other than the vacant
seats) on the board of directors of the Borrower by Persons who were neither (i)
nominated by the board of directors of the Borrower nor (ii) appointed by
directors so nominated; or (c) the acquisition of direct or indirect Control of
the Borrower by any Person or group.

"Change in Law" means (a) the adoption of any law, rule or
regulation after the date of this Agreement, (b) any change in any law, rule or
regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental
Authority after the date of this Agreement or (c) compliance by any Lender (or,
for purposes of Section 2.12(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such
Lender's holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive
(whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or
issued after the date of this Agreement.

"Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time
to time.

"Commitment" means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of
such Lender to make Revolving Loans expressed as an amount representing the
maximum aggregate amount of such Lender's Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder,
as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.06
and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to
such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The initial amount of each Lender's
Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01, or in the Assignment and Acceptance
pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable.
The initial aggregate amount of the Lenders' Commitments is $75,000,000.

"Control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power
to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person,
whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise.
"Controlling" and "Controlled" have meanings correlative thereto.

"Default" means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of
Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or
waived, become an Event of Default.

"Disclosed Matters" means the actions, suits and proceedings and the
environmental matters disclosed in Schedule 3.06.

"dollars" or "$" refers to lawful money of the United States of
America.

"Effective Date" means the date on which the conditions specified in
Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02).

"Environmental Laws" means all laws, rules, regulations, codes,
ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding
agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority,
relating in any way to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural
resources, the management, release or threatened release of any Hazardous
Material or to health and safety matters.

"Environmental Liability" means any liability, contingent or
otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental
remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any Subsidiary
directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any
Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage,
treatment or disposal of


<PAGE>
5


any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the
release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or
(e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which
liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.

"ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
as amended from time to time.

"ERISA Affiliate" means any trade or business (whether or not
incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer
under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302
of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under
Section 414 of the Code.

"ERISA Event" means (a) any "reportable event", as defined in
Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a
Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) the
existence with respect to any Plan of an "accumulated funding deficiency" (as
defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not
waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(d) of the Code or Section 303(d)
of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with
respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA
Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the
termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate
from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to
terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f)
the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability
with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan or
Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of
any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any
ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability
or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent
or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA.

"Eurodollar", when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing,
refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing
interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate.

"Event of Default" has the meaning assigned to such term in Article
VII.

"Excluded Taxes" means, with respect to the Administrative Agent,
any Lender, the Issuing Bank or any other recipient of any payment to be made by
or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder, (a) income or
franchise taxes imposed on (or measured by) its net income by the United States
of America, or by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such recipient is
organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any
Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located, (b) any branch
profits taxes imposed by the United States of America or any similar tax imposed
by any other jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located and (c) in the case
of a Foreign Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by the
Borrower under Section 2.16(b)), any withholding tax that is imposed on amounts
payable to such Foreign Lender at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party
to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office) or is attributable to
such Foreign Lender's failure to comply with Section 2.14(e), except to the
extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the
time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive
additional amounts from the Borrower with respect to such withholding tax
pursuant to Section 2.14(a).

"Federal Funds Effective Rate" means, for any day, the weighted
average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) of the rates on
overnight Federal funds transactions with


<PAGE>
6


members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers, as
published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New
York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day,
the average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) of the
quotations for such day for such transactions received by the Administrative
Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it.

"Financial Officer" means the chief financial officer, principal
accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower.

"Foreign Lender" means any Lender that is organized under the laws
of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is located. For purposes
of this definition, the United States of America, each State thereof and the
District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction.

"GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States of America.

"Governmental Authority" means the government of the United States
of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state
or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court,
central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to
government.

"Guarantee" of or by any Person (the "guarantor") means any
obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the
economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any
other Person (the "primary obligor") in any manner, whether directly or
indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect,
(a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment
of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or
supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to
purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring
the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c)
to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement
condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary
obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party
in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such
Indebtedness or obligation; provided, that the term Guarantee shall not include
endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business.

"Hazardous Materials" means all explosive or radioactive substances
or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants,
including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing
materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes
and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any
Environmental Law.

"Hedging Agreement" means any interest rate protection agreement,
foreign currency exchange agreement, commodity price protection agreement or
other interest or currency exchange rate or commodity price hedging agreement.

"Indebtedness" of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all
obligations of such Person for borrowed money or with respect to deposits or
advances of any kind, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds,
debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person
upon which interest charges are customarily paid, (d) all obligations of such
Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to
property acquired by such Person, (e) all


<PAGE>
7


obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property
or services (excluding current accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course
of business), (f) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder
of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be
secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or
not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, (g) all Guarantees by
such Person of Indebtedness of others, (h) all Capital Lease Obligations of such
Person, (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an
account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty and (j)
all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers'
acceptances. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of
any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general
partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such
Person's ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to
the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable
therefor.

"Indemnified Taxes" means Taxes other than Excluded Taxes.

"Index Debt" means senior, unsecured, long-term indebtedness for
borrowed money of the Borrower that is not guaranteed by any other Person or
subject to any other credit enhancement.

"Information Memorandum" means the Confidential Information
Memorandum dated May, 2004 relating to the Borrower and the Transactions.

"Interest Election Request" means a request by the Borrower to
convert or continue a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.05.

"Interest Payment Date" means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan, the
last day of each March, June, September and December, or (b) with respect to any
Eurodollar Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing
of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing with an
Interest Period of more than three months' duration, each day prior to the last
day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months' duration
after the first day of such Interest Period.

"Interest Period" means (a) with respect to any Eurodollar
Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, two, three or
six months (or, with the consent of each Lender, nine or twelve months)
thereafter, as the Borrower may elect, provided, that (i) if any Interest Period
would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be
extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a Eurodollar
Borrowing only, such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next
calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next
preceding Business Day and (ii) any Interest Period pertaining to a Eurodollar
Borrowing that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a
day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar
month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last
calendar month of such Interest Period. For purposes hereof, the date of a
Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and, in
the case of a Revolving Borrowing, thereafter shall be the effective date of the
most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing.

"Lender Affiliate" means, (a) with respect to any Lender, (i) an
Affiliate of such Lender or (ii) any entity (whether a corporation, partnership,
trust or otherwise) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise
investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course
of its business and is administered or managed by a Lender or an Affiliate of
such Lender and (b) with respect to any Lender that is a fund which invests in
bank loans and similar extensions of credit, any other fund that invests in bank
loans and similar


<PAGE>
8


extensions of credit and is managed by the same investment advisor as such
Lender or by an Affiliate of such investment advisor.

"Lenders" means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01 and any other
Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and
Acceptance, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant
to an Assignment and Acceptance.

"LIBO Rate" means, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing for any
Interest Period, the rate appearing on Page 3750 of the Dow Jones Market Service
(or on any successor or substitute page of such Service, or any successor to or
substitute for such Service, providing rate quotations comparable to those
currently provided on such page of such Service, as determined by the
Administrative Agent from time to time for purposes of providing quotations of
interest rates applicable to dollar deposits in the London interbank market) at
approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the
commencement of such Interest Period, as the rate for dollar deposits with a
maturity comparable to such Interest Period. In the event that such rate is not
available at such time for any reason, then the "LIBO Rate" with respect to such
Eurodollar Borrowing for such Interest Period shall be the rate at which dollar
deposits of $5,000,000 and for a maturity comparable to such Interest Period are
offered by the principal London office of the Administrative Agent in
immediately available funds in the London interbank market at approximately
11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such
Interest Period.

"Lien" means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of
trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in,
on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any
conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any
financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the
foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any
purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such
securities.

"Loans" means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant
to this Agreement.

"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the
business, assets, operations, prospects or condition, financial or otherwise, of
the Borrower and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the
Borrower to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or (c) the
rights of or benefits available to the Lenders under this Agreement.

"Material Indebtedness" means Indebtedness (other than the Loans) of
any one or more of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal
amount exceeding $5,000,000.

"Maturity Date" means June 30, 2009.

"Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc.

"Multiemployer Plan" means a multiemployer plan as defined in
Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.


<PAGE>
9


"Other Taxes" means any and all present or future stamp or
documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar
levies arising from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery
or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement.

"PBGC" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to
and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions.

"Permitted Encumbrances" means:

(a) Liens imposed by law for taxes that are not yet due or are being
contested in compliance with Section 5.04;

(b) carriers', warehousemen's, mechanics', materialmen's,
repairmen's and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary
course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more
than 90 days or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04;

(c) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in
compliance with workers' compensation, unemployment insurance and other
social security laws or regulations;

(d) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts,
leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds
and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary
course of business;

(e) judgment liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an
Event of Default under clause (k) of Article VII;

(f) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar
encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary
course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not
materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere
with the ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary;

(g) utility easements, building restrictions, zoning laws or
ordinances and such other encumbrances or charges against real property as
are of a nature generally existing with respect to properties of a similar
character and which do not in any material way affect the marketability of
the same or interfere with the use thereof in the business of the Borrower
or its Subsidiaries;

(h) liens on assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries arising out
of obligations or duties to any municipality or public authority with
respect to any franchise, grant, license, permit or certificate; and

(i) rights reserved to or vested in any municipality or public
authority to control or regulate any property of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary or to use such property in a manner which does not materially
impair the use of such property for the purposes for which it is held by
the Borrower or any Subsidiary.

provided that the term "Permitted Encumbrances" shall not include any Lien
securing Indebtedness.

"Permitted Investments" means:


<PAGE>
10


(a) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and
interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States of
America (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are
backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America), in
each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof;

(b) investments in commercial paper maturing within 270 days from
the date of acquisition thereof and having, at such date of acquisition,
the highest credit rating obtainable from S&P or from Moody's;

(c) investments in certificates of deposit, banker's acceptances and
time deposits maturing within 180 days from the date of acquisition
thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit
accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial bank
organized under the laws of the United States of America or any State
thereof which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of
not less than $500,000,000;

(d) fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not
more than 30 days for securities described in clause (a) above and entered
into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in
clause (c) above;

(e) investments by Borrower in Affiliates as authorized by the New
York Public Service commission in its June 30, 1998 Order approving a
certain Amended and Restated Settlement Agreement, dated January 2, 1998;
and

(f) contracts entered into as part of Borrower's energy risk
management program.

"Person" means any natural person, corporation, limited liability
company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental
Authority or other entity.

"Plan" means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a
Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section
412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or
any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section
4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an "employer" as defined in Section 3(5) of
ERISA.

"Prime Rate" means the rate of interest per annum publicly announced
from time to time by The Chase Manhattan Bank as its prime rate in effect at its
principal office in New York City; each change in the Prime Rate shall be
effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced as being
effective.

"Register" has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04.

"Related Parties" means, with respect to any specified Person, such
Person's Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents
and advisors of such Person and such Person's Affiliates.

"Required Lenders" means, at any time, Lenders having Revolving
Credit Exposures and unused Commitments representing at least 66 2/3% of the sum
of the total Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments at such time.

"Restricted Payment" means any dividend or other distribution
(whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any shares of
any class of capital stock of the Borrower or


<PAGE>
11


any Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property),
including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase,
redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such
shares of capital stock of the Borrower or any option, warrant or other right to
acquire any such shares of capital stock of the Borrower.

"Revolving Credit Exposure" means, with respect to any Lender at any
time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender's Revolving
Loans and its LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure at such time.

"Revolving Loan" means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.03.

"S&P" means Standard & Poor's.

"Statutory Reserve Rate" means a fraction (expressed as a decimal),
the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the
number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentages (including any
marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal
established by the Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject (a) with
respect to the Base CD Rate, for new negotiable nonpersonal time deposits in
dollars of over $100,000 with maturities approximately equal to three months,
and (b) with respect to the Adjusted LIBO Rate, for eurocurrency funding
(currently referred to as "Eurocurrency Liabilities" in Regulation D of the
Board). Such reserve percentages shall include those imposed pursuant to such
Regulation D. Eurodollar Loans shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency
funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or
credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to
time to any Lender under such Regulation D or any comparable regulation. The
Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the
effective date of any change in any reserve percentage.

"subsidiary" means, with respect to any Person (the "parent") at any
date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or
other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the
parent in the parent's consolidated financial statements if such financial
statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any
other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other
entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more
than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the
case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are,
as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date,
otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or
by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent.

"Subsidiary" means any subsidiary of the Borrower.

"Taxes" means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts,
duties, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed by any Governmental
Authority.

"Three-Month Secondary CD Rate" means, for any day, the secondary
market rate for three-month certificates of deposit reported as being in effect
on such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business
Day) by the Board through the public information telephone line of the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York (which rate will, under the current practices of the
Board, be published in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15(519) during the
week following such day) or, if such rate is not so reported on such day or such
next preceding Business Day, the average of the secondary market quotations for
three-month certificates of deposit of major money center banks in New York City
received at approximately 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on such day (or, if
such day is not a Business Day, on the next preceding Business Day) by the
Administrative Agent from three negotiable


<PAGE>
12


certificate of deposit dealers of recognized standing selected by it.

"Total Capitalization" means the sum of the Total Funded Debt on a
consolidated basis of Borrower and its Subsidiaries plus the Borrower's
consolidated shareholder equity.

"Total Funded Debt" means with respect to Borrower and its
Subsidiaries, all Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries referred to
in clauses (a) through (j) of the definition of Indebtedness and, without
duplication, all contingent obligations with respect to any of the foregoing.

"Transactions" means the execution, delivery and performance by the
Borrower of this Agreement, the borrowing of Loans and the use of the proceeds
thereof.

"Type", when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to
whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such
Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the Alternate
Base Rate.

"Withdrawal Liability" means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a
result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such
terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.

SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes
of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a
"Revolving Loan") or by Type (e.g., a "Eurodollar Loan") or by Class and Type
(e.g., a "Eurodollar Revolving Loan"). Borrowings also may be classified and
referred to by Class (e.g., a "Revolving Borrowing") or by Type (e.g., a
"Eurodollar Borrowing") or by Class and Type (e.g., a "Eurodollar Revolving
Borrowing").

SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall
apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever
the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine,
feminine and neuter forms. The words "include", "includes" and "including" shall
be deemed to be followed by the phrase "without limitation". The word "will"
shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word "shall".
Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any
agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring
to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such
amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference
herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person's successors and
assigns, (c) the words "herein", "hereof" and "hereunder", and words of similar
import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to
any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles,
Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and
Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (e) the words
"asset" and "property" shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect
and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties,
including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.

SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP. Except as otherwise expressly
provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be
construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided
that, if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower
requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any
change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on
the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the
Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof
for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or
after such


<PAGE>
13


change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be
interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before
such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been
withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith.

ARTICLE II

The Credits

SECTION 2.01. Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set
forth herein, each Lender agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower from
time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount
that will not result in (a) such Lender's Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding
such Lender's Commitment or (b) the sum of the total Revolving Credit Exposures
exceeding the total Commitments. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the
terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and
reborrow Revolving Loans.

SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings. (a) Each Revolving Loan shall be
made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Revolving Loans made by the Lenders
ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any
Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other
Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided that the Commitments of the
Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender's
failure to make Loans as required.

(b) Subject to Section 2.11, each Revolving Borrowing shall be
comprised entirely of ABR Loans or Eurodollar Loans as the Borrower may request
in accordance herewith. Each Lender at its option may make any Eurodollar Loan
by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make
such Loan; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the
obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement.

(c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Eurodollar
Revolving Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an
integral multiple of $500,000 and not less than $2,500,000. At the time that
each ABR Revolving Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate
amount that is an integral multiple of $500,000 and not less than $500,000;
provided that an ABR Revolving Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is
equal to the entire unused balance of the total Commitments. Borrowings of more
than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time; provided that there
shall not at any time be more than a total of four Eurodollar Revolving
Borrowings outstanding.

(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the
Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue,
any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end
after the Maturity Date.

SECTION 2.03. Requests for Revolving Borrowings. To request a
Revolving Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such
request by telephone (a) in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, not later than
11:00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of the
proposed Borrowing or (b) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11:00
a.m., New York City time, one Business Day before the date of the proposed
Borrowing. Each such telephonic Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall
be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent
of a written Borrowing Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent
and signed by the Borrower. Each such telephonic and written Borrowing Request
shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02:


<PAGE>
14


(i) the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing;

(ii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day;

(iii) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a
Eurodollar Borrowing;

(iv) in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, the initial Interest
Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period
contemplated by the definition of the term "Interest Period"; and

(v) the location and number of the Borrower's account to which funds
are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of
Section 2.04.

If no election as to the Type of Revolving Borrowing is specified, then the
requested Revolving Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period
is specified with respect to any requested Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing, then
the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month's
duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with
this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details
thereof and of the amount of such Lender's Loan to be made as part of the
requested Borrowing.

SECTION 2.04. Funding of Borrowings. (a) Each Lender shall make each
Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of
immediately available funds by 12:00 noon, New York City time, to the account of
the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by
notice to the Lenders. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available
to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to
an account of the Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent in New York
City and designated by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request.

(b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from
a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not
make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender's share of such
Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such
share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section
and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a
corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share
of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the
applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative
Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for
each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the
Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at
(i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate
plus 50 basis points and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in
accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the
case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans. If such Lender
pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute
such Lender's Loan included in such Borrowing.

SECTION 2.05. Interest Elections. (a) Each Revolving Borrowing
initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request
and, in the case of a Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing, shall have an initial
Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower
may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such
Borrowing and, in the case of a Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing, may elect
Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this


<PAGE>
15


Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different
portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be
allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing,
and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate
Borrowing.

(b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall
notify the Administrative Agent of such election by telephone by the time that a
Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were
requesting a Revolving Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be
made on the effective date of such election. Each such telephonic Interest
Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand
delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election
Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the
Borrower.

(c) Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall
specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02:

(i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies
and, if different options are being elected with respect to different
portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting
Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to
clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting
Borrowing);

(ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such
Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day;

(iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a
Eurodollar Borrowing; and

(iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Eurodollar Borrowing, the
Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such
election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the
term "Interest Period".

If any such Interest Election Request requests a Eurodollar Borrowing but does
not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have
selected an Interest Period of one month's duration.

(d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the
Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such
Lender's portion of each resulting Borrowing.

(e) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election
Request with respect to a Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing prior to the end of the
Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as
provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be
converted to an ABR Borrowing. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent,
at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long
as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Revolving Borrowing may
be converted to or continued as a Eurodollar Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid,
each Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at
the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto.

SECTION 2.06. Termination and Reduction of Commitments. (a) Unless
previously terminated, the Commitments shall terminate on the Maturity Date.


<PAGE>
16


(b) The Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time
reduce, the Commitments; provided that (i) each reduction of the Commitments
shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $500,000 and not less than
$1,000,000 and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments
if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans in accordance
with Section 2.08, the sum of the Revolving Credit Exposures would exceed the
total Commitments.

(c) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any
election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) of this
Section at least three Business Days prior to the effective date of such
termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date
thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent
shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the
Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable; provided that a notice
of termination of the Commitments delivered by the Borrower may state that such
notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, in
which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the
Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such
condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments
shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably
among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments.

SECTION 2.07. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt. (a) The Borrower
hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the
account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan
on the Maturity Date.

(b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice
an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such
Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of
principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time
hereunder.

(c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it
shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class and Type
thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any
principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the
Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by
the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each
Lender's share thereof.

(d) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to
paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the
existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that the
failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or
any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower
to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

(e) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a
promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver
to such Lender a promissory note payable to the order of such Lender (or, if
requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a
form approved by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. Thereafter, the
Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times
(including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or
more promissory notes in such form payable to the order of the payee named
therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its
registered assigns).

SECTION 2.08. Prepayment of Loans. (a) The Borrower shall have the
right at any


<PAGE>
17


time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject
to prior notice in accordance with paragraph (b) of this Section.

(b) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent by telephone
(confirmed by telecopy) of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of
prepayment of a Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New
York City time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the
case of prepayment of an ABR Revolving Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New
York City time, one Business Day before the date of prepayment. Each such notice
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal
amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid; provided that, if a
notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of
termination of the Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.06, then such notice
of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in
accordance with Section 2.06. Promptly following receipt of any such notice
relating to a Revolving Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the
Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Revolving
Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an
advance of a Revolving Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02.
Each prepayment of a Revolving Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans
included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued
interest to the extent required by Section 2.10.

SECTION 2.09. Fees. (a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the
Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a commitment fee, which
shall accrue at the Applicable Rate on the average daily unused amount of the
Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the date of this
Agreement to but excluding the date on which such Commitment terminates. Accrued
commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on the last day of March, June,
September and December of each year and on the date on which the Commitments
terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof. All
commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall
be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but
excluding the last day).

(b) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its
own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon
between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.

(c) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in
immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent for distribution, in
the case of commitment fees and participation fees, to the Lenders. Fees paid
shall not be refundable under any circumstances.

SECTION 2.10. Interest. (a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing
shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate.

(b) The Loans comprising each Eurodollar Borrowing shall bear
interest in the case of a Eurodollar Revolving Loan, at the Adjusted LIBO Rate
for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrower plus the Applicable Rate.

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest
on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not
paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such
overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate
per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2% plus the
rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs
of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2% plus the rate
applicable to ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.


<PAGE>
18


(d) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on
each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and, in the case of Revolving Loans,
upon termination of the Commitments; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant
to paragraph (c) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event
of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR
Revolving Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on
the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such
repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any
Eurodollar Revolving Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period
therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date
of such conversion.

(e) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year
of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base
Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be
computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in
each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the
first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate or
Adjusted LIBO Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such
determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

SECTION 2.11. Alternate Rate of Interest. If prior to the
commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurodollar Borrowing:

(a) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall
be conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do
not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted LIBO Rate for such Interest
Period; or

(b) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that
the Adjusted LIBO Rate for such Interest Period will not adequately and
fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or
maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for such
Interest Period;

then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the
Borrower and the Lenders by telephone or telecopy as promptly as practicable
thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the
Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i)
any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Revolving
Borrowing to, or continuation of any Revolving Borrowing as, a Eurodollar
Borrowing shall be ineffective, and any Borrowing Request requests a Eurodollar
Revolving Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing.

SECTION 2.12. Increased Costs. (a) If any Change in Law shall:

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit
or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account
of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement
reflected in the Adjusted LIBO Rate); or

(ii) impose on any Lender or the London interbank market any other
condition affecting this Agreement Eurodollar Loans made by such Lender;

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such
Lender of making or maintaining any Eurodollar Loan (whether of principal,
interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender such
additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such additional
costs incurred or reduction suffered.


<PAGE>
19


(b) If any Lender determines that any Change in Law regarding
capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return
on such Lender's capital or on the capital of such Lender's holding company, if
any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by such Lender, to a
level below that which such Lender could have achieved but for such Change in
Law (taking into consideration such Lender's policies and the policies of such
Lender's holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to
time the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as
will compensate such Lender or such Lender's holding company for any such
reduction suffered.

(c) A reasonably detailed certificate of a Lender setting forth the
amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as
the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be
delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The
Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate
within 10 Business Days after receipt thereof.

(d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand
compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such
Lender's right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not
be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any increased
costs or reductions incurred more than 270 days prior to the date that such
Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased
costs or reductions and of such Lender's intention to claim compensation
therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such
increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 270-day period referred
to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.

SECTION 2.13. Break Funding Payments. In the event of (a) the
payment of any principal of any Eurodollar Loan other than on the last day of an
Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of
Default), (b) the conversion of any Eurodollar Loan other than on the last day
of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert,
continue or prepay any Revolving Loan on the date specified in any notice
delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked
under Section 2.08(b) and is revoked in accordance therewith), or (e) the
assignment of any Eurodollar Loan other than on the last day of the Interest
Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to
Section 2.16, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender
for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. In the case of a
Eurodollar Loan, such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to
include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the
amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan
had such event not occurred, at the Adjusted LIBO Rate (in the case of a
Eurodollar Loan) that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period
from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period
therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the
period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the
amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period
at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the
commencement of such period, for dollar deposits of a comparable amount and
period from other banks in the eurodollar market. A reasonably detailed
certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender
is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the
Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay
such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after
receipt thereof.

SECTION 2.14. Taxes. (a) Any and all payments by or on account of
any obligation of the Borrower hereunder shall be made free and clear of and
without deduction for any Indemnified


<PAGE>
20


Taxes or Other Taxes; provided that if the Borrower shall be required to deduct
any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes from such payments, then (i) the sum
payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required
deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under
this Section) the Administrative Agent or Lender (as the case may be) receives
an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been
made, (ii) the Borrower shall make such deductions and (iii) the Borrower shall
pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in
accordance with applicable law.

(b) In addition, the Borrower shall pay any Other Taxes to the
relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.

(c) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, and each
Lender, within 10 days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any
Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes paid by the Administrative Agent or such
Lender, as the case may be, on or with respect to any payment by or on account
of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder (including Indemnified Taxes or
Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this
Section) and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom
or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes
were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental
Authority. A reasonably detailed certificate as to the amount and the fact of
such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or by the
Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be
conclusive absent manifest error.

(d) As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or
Other Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority, the Borrower shall
deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a
receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of
the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(e) Any Foreign Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or
reduction of withholding tax under the law of the jurisdiction in which the
Borrower is located, or any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with
respect to payments under this Agreement shall deliver to the Borrower (with a
copy to the Administrative Agent), at the time or times prescribed by applicable
law, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable
law or reasonably requested by the Borrower as will permit such payments to be
made without withholding or at a reduced rate.

SECTION 2.15. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of
Set-offs. (a) The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it
hereunder (whether of principal, interest or fees, or of amounts payable under
Section 2.12, 2.13 or 2.14, or otherwise) prior to 12:00 noon, New York City
time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off or
counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the
discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the
next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All
such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at its offices at 270
Park Avenue, New York, New York, except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.12,
2.13, 2.14 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The
Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the
account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following
receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a
Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding
Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest
thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments
hereunder shall be made in dollars.


<PAGE>
21


(b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available
to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, interest and
fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment
of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled
thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such
parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal then due hereunder,
ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of
principal then due to such parties.

(c) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or
counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or
interest on any of its Revolving Loans resulting in such Lender receiving
payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Revolving Loans
and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender,
then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at
face value) participations in the Revolving Loans of other Lenders to the extent
necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the
Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and
accrued interest on their respective Revolving Loans; provided that (i) if any
such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving
rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the
purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and
(ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any
payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express
terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for
the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any assignee
or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate
thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower
consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so
under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the
foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and
counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were
a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.

(d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from
the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative
Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make
such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made
such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such
assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. In such event, if the
Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders severally
agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so
distributed to such Lender with interest thereon, for each day from and
including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of
payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds
Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance
with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.

(e) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made
by it pursuant to Section 2.04(b) or 2.15(d), then the Administrative Agent may,
in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any
amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such
Lender to satisfy such Lender's obligations under such Sections until all such
unsatisfied obligations are fully paid.

SECTION 2.16. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders. (a) If
any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.12, or if the Borrower is
required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental
Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.14, then such
Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for
funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations
hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment
of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or


<PAGE>
22


reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.12 or 2.14, as the case may be, in
the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or
expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower
hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in
connection with any such designation or assignment.

(b) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.12, or if
the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any
Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.14,
or if any Lender defaults in its obligation to fund Loans hereunder, then the
Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the
Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without
recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in
Section 9.04), all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to
an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another
Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (i) the Borrower
shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, which
consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received
payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued
interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder,
from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued
interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii)
in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under
Section 2.12 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.14, such
assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender
shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior
thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances
entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.


<PAGE>
23


ARTICLE III

Representations and Warranties

The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that:

SECTION 3.01. Organization; Powers. Each of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries is duly organized, validly existing and (to the extent such concept
applies to such entities) in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business
as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the
aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every
jurisdiction where such qualification is required.

SECTION 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability. The Transactions are
within the Borrower's corporate powers and have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate and, if required, stockholder action. This Agreement has
been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes a legal, valid
and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its
terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
or other laws affecting creditors' rights generally and subject to general
principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity
or at law.

SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts. The Transactions
(a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or
any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been
obtained or made and are in full force and effect and except as may be obtained
as referred to in Section 4.01(a) below, (b) will not violate any applicable law
or regulation or the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any order of any Governmental Authority,
(c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or
other instrument binding upon the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or its
assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and (d) will not result in the creation
or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries.

SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change. (a)
The Borrower has heretofore furnished to the Lenders its consolidated balance
sheet and statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows as of and for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003, reported on by PricewaterhouseCoopers,
LLP, independent public accountants, and set forth in the Borrower's 2003 Form
10-K, a copy of which has been delivered to the Lenders. Such financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and
results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated
Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP.

(b) The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as of March 31, 2004 and the related unaudited consolidated
statements of income and cash flows for the period then ended, set forth in the
Borrower's quarterly report for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2004 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-Q, a copy of which has
been delivered to each of the Lenders, fairly present, in accordance with GAAP
applied on a basis consistent with the financial statements referred to in
subsection (a) of this Section, the consolidated financial position of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such date and their consolidated results of
operations and cash flows for such period (subject to normal year-end
adjustments.)


<PAGE>
24


(c) Since March 31, 2004, there has been no material adverse change
in the business, assets, operations, prospects or condition, financial or
otherwise, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

SECTION 3.05. Properties. (a) Except as set forth in Schedule 3.05,
each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has good title to, or valid leasehold
interests in, all its real and personal property material to its business,
except for minor defects in title that do not interfere with its ability to
conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties for
their intended purposes.

(b) Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed
to use, all trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents and other intellectual
property material to its business, and the use thereof by the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries does not infringe upon the rights of any other Person, except for
any such infringements that, individually or in the aggregate, could not
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters. (a) There are no
actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental
Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened
against or affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (i) as to which
there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that, if
adversely determined, could reasonably be expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed
Matters) or (ii) that involve this Agreement or the Transactions.

(b) Except for the Disclosed Matters and except with respect to any
other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Borrower nor any of
its Subsidiaries (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to
obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required
under any Environmental Law, (ii) has become subject to any Environmental
Liability, (iii) has received notice of any claim with respect to any
Environmental Liability or (iv) knows of any basis for any Environmental
Liability.

(c) Since the date of this Agreement, there has been no change in
the status of the Disclosed Matters that, individually or in the aggregate, has
resulted in, or materially increased the likelihood of, a Material Adverse
Effect.

SECTION 3.07. Compliance with Laws and Agreements. Each of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws, regulations and
orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and all
indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property,
except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has
occurred and is continuing.

SECTION 3.08. Investment and Holding Company Status. Neither the
Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is (a) an "investment company" as defined
in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940 or (b) a
"holding company" as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Public
Utility Holding Company Act of 1935.

SECTION 3.09. Taxes. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has
timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have
been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been
paid by it, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as
applicable, has set aside on


<PAGE>
25


its books adequate reserves or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could
not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.10. ERISA. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably
expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for
which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect. The present value of all accumulated
benefit obligations under each Plan (based on the assumptions used for purposes
of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date
of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair
market value of the assets of such Plan.

SECTION 3.11. Disclosure. The Borrower has disclosed to the Lenders
all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or
any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that,
individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Information Memorandum nor any of the other
reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or
on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in
connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as
modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any
material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to
make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial
information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in
good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.

ARTICLE IV

Conditions

SECTION 4.01. Effective Date. The obligations of the Lenders to make
Loans hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the
following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02):

(a) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received
from each party hereto either (i) a counterpart of this Agreement signed
on behalf of such party or (ii) written evidence satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy transmission of a signed
signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart
of this Agreement.

(b) The Administrative Agent shall have received a favorable written
opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated
the Effective Date) of Gould & Wilkie LLP, counsel for the Borrower,
substantially in the form of Exhibit B, and covering such other matters
relating to the Borrower, this Agreement or the Transactions as the
Required Lenders shall reasonably request. The Borrower hereby requests
such counsel to deliver such opinion.

(c) The Administrative Agent shall have received such documents and
certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably
request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of the
Borrower, the authorization of the Transactions and any other legal
matters relating to the Borrower, this Agreement or the Transactions, all
in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its
counsel.


<PAGE>
26


(d) The Administrative Agent shall have received all governmental
and third party orders and approvals necessary or, in the discretion of
the Administrative Agent, advisable in connection with this Agreement and
the transaction contemplated hereby and the continuing operations of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, the approval
of the New York State Public Service Commission. Such approvals shall be
in full force and effect, and all applicable waiting periods shall have
expired without any action being taken or threatened by any competent
authority which would restrain, prevent or otherwise impose adverse
conditions on the financing contemplated by this Agreement.

(e) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate,
dated the Effective Date and signed by the President, a Vice President or
a Financial Officer of the Borrower, confirming compliance with the
conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 4.02.

(f) The Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and other
amounts due and payable on or prior to the Effective Date, including, to
the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket
expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder.

The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the
Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding.

SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event. The obligation of each Lender to
make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing is subject to the satisfaction of
the following conditions:

(a) The representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in
this Agreement shall be true and correct on and as of the date of such
Borrowing.

(b) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such
Borrowing, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing.

Each Borrowing shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by
the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a)
and (b) of this Section.

ARTICLE V

Affirmative Covenants

Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the
principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have
been paid in full, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that:

SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information. The
Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender:

(a) within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the
Borrower, its audited consolidated balance sheet and related statements of
operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows as of the end of and for
such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for
the previous fiscal year, all reported on by PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLC
or other independent public accountants of recognized national standing
(without a "going concern" or


<PAGE>
27


like qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception
as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated
financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial
condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated
Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently
applied;

(b) within 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal
quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, its consolidated balance
sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders' equity and cash
flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed
portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form
the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of
the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all
certified by one of its Financial Officers as presenting fairly in all
material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the
Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in
accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end
audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes;

(c) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under
clause (a) or (b) above, a certificate of a Financial Officer of the
Borrower (i) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a
Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken
or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth
reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating compliance with Section
6.08 and (iii) stating whether any change in GAAP or in the application
thereof has occurred since the date of the audited financial statements
referred to in Section 3.04 and, if any such change has occurred,
specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements
accompanying such certificate;

(d) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under
clause (a) above, a certificate of the accounting firm that reported on
such financial statements stating whether they obtained knowledge during
the course of their examination of such financial statements of any
Default (which certificate may be limited to the extent required by
accounting rules or guidelines);

(e) promptly after the same become publicly available, copies
(exclusive of exhibits unless such exhibits are requested under (f) below)
of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials
filed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the
functions of said Commission, or with any national securities exchange, or
distributed by the Borrower to its shareholders generally, as the case may
be; and

(f) promptly following any request therefor, such other information
regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the
Borrower or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of this
Agreement, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably
request.

SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events. The Borrower will furnish
to the Administrative Agent and each Lender prompt written notice of the
following:

(a) the occurrence of any Default;

(b) the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by
or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting
the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof that, if adversely determined, could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;


<PAGE>
28


(c) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with
any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to
result in liability of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate
amount exceeding $250,000; and

(d) any other development that results in, or could reasonably be
expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect.

Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of
a Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower setting forth the
details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken
or proposed to be taken with respect thereto.

SECTION 5.03. Existence; Conduct of Business. The Borrower will, and
will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things
necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal
existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material
to the conduct of its business; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit
any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section
6.02.

SECTION 5.04. Payment of Obligations. The Borrower will, and will
cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay its obligations, including Tax
liabilities, that, if not paid, could result in a Material Adverse Effect before
the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or
amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and
the Borrower or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves
with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP or (b) the failure to make payment
pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect.

SECTION 5.05. Maintenance of Properties; Insurance. The Borrower
will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (a) keep and maintain all
property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and
condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and (b) maintain, with financially
sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against
such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or
similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations; provided that
nothing in this Section shall prevent the Borrower or any Subsidiary from
ceasing to operate, or consenting to cessation of operation of, any of its
plants or any other property if the Borrower in good faith determines that it is
advisable not to operate the same, that the operation thereof is not essential
to the maintenance and continued operation of the rest of its properties and
that such cessation of operation is in the best interest of the Borrower.

SECTION 5.06. Books and Records; Inspection Rights. The Borrower
will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record
and account in which full, true and correct entries are made of all dealings and
transactions in relation to its business and activities. The Borrower will, and
will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives designated by
the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon reasonable prior notice, to visit
and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and
records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers
and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as
reasonably requested, subject to the confidentiality provisions of Section 9.12.

SECTION 5.07. Compliance with Laws. The Borrower will, and will
cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations and
orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except
where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could


<PAGE>
29


not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 5.08. Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Loans will be
used only (i) for the general corporate purposes of the Borrower in the ordinary
course of business and (ii) to provide credit support for the Borrower's
commercial paper and bid loans. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be
used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation
of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X.

ARTICLE VI

Negative Covenants

Until the Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal
of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in
full, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that:

SECTION 6.01. Liens. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any
Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property
or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, or assign or sell any income or
revenues (including accounts receivable) or rights in respect of any thereof,
except:

(a) Permitted Encumbrances;

(b) any Lien on any property or asset of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 6.01
(including Liens on after acquired property arising under the agreements
listed in Schedule 6.01); provided that (i) such Lien shall not apply to
any other property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and (ii)
such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date
hereof and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not
increase the outstanding principal amount thereof;

(c) any Lien existing on any property or asset prior to the
acquisition thereof by the Borrower or any Subsidiary or existing on any
property or asset of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the date
hereof prior to the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary; provided that
(i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with
such acquisition or such Person becoming a Subsidiary , as the case may
be, (ii) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets of the
Borrower or any Subsidiary and (iii) such Lien shall secure only those
obligations which it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date
such Person becomes a Subsidiary, as the case may be and extensions,
renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding
principal amount thereof;

(d) Liens on fixed or capital assets acquired, constructed or
improved by the Borrower or any Subsidiary; provided that (i) such
security interests and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior
to or within 90 days after such acquisition or the completion of such
construction or improvement, (iii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does
not exceed 100% of the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such
fixed or capital assets and (iv) such security interests shall not apply
to any other property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary;

(e) Irregularities in or deficiencies of title to any property which
do not materially


<PAGE>
30


affect the use of such property by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the
normal course of its business;

(f) Any Lien on any property or asset of any corporation or other
entity existing at the time such corporation or entity is acquired, merged
or consolidated or amalgamated with or into the Borrower or any Subsidiary
and not created in contemplation of such event;

(g) Liens arising out of the refinancing, extension, renewal or
refunding of any Indebtedness secured by any Lien permitted by clause (b),
(c), (d) or (e) of this Section, provided, that such Indebtedness is not
increased and is not secured by any additional assets;

(h) Rights of lessees arising under leases entered into by the
Borrower or any Subsidiary as lessor, in the ordinary course of business;

(i) Liens on personalty leased by Borrower or any Subsidiary in the
ordinary course of business;

(j) Liens arising in connection with Securitization Transactions (as
defined in Section 6.02(c)); and

(k) Other Liens, including but limited to Capital Lease Obligations,
in addition to those permitted herein securing Indebtedness, provided that
the sum (without duplication) of all such Indebtedness, plus the aggregate
investment or claim held at any time by all purchasers, assignees or other
transferees of (or of interests in) receivables, shall not at any time
exceed $15,000,000.

SECTION 6.02. Fundamental Changes. (a) The Borrower will not, and
will not permit any Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate with any other
Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or
sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series
of transactions) any substantial part of its assets, or all or substantially all
of the stock of any of its Subsidiaries (in each case, whether now owned or
hereafter acquired), or liquidate or dissolve, except that, if at the time
thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default shall have
occurred and be continuing (i) any Subsidiary may merge into the Borrower in a
transaction in which the Borrower is the surviving corporation, (ii) any
Subsidiary may merge into any Subsidiary in a transaction in which the surviving
entity is a Subsidiary, (iii) any Subsidiary may sell, transfer, lease or
otherwise dispose of its assets to the Borrower or to another Subsidiary and
(iv) any Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve if the Borrower determines in good
faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the
Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders; provided that any
such merger involving a Person that is not a wholly owned Subsidiary immediately
prior to such merger shall not be permitted unless also permitted by Section
6.03.

(b) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, engage to any material extent in any business other than
businesses of the type conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the
date of execution of this Agreement and businesses reasonably related thereto.

(c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, nothing in this
Section 6.02 shall prevent Borrower from selling, assigning or otherwise
transferring its accounts receivable or other rights to payment pursuant to any
Securitization Transaction for not less than the fair market value of such
assets, without recourse. A "Securitization Transaction" means any sale,
assignment or other transfer by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of accounts
receivable or other payment obligations owing to the Borrower or any Subsidiary
or any interest in any of the foregoing, together in each case with any


<PAGE>
31


collections and other proceeds thereof, any collection or deposit accounts
related thereto, and any collateral, guaranties or other property or claims in
favor of the Borrower or such Subsidiary supporting or securing payment by the
obligor thereon of, or otherwise related to, any such receivables.

SECTION 6.03. Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and
Acquisitions. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries
to, purchase, hold or acquire (including pursuant to any merger with any Person
that was not a wholly owned Subsidiary prior to such merger) any capital stock,
evidences of indebtedness or other securities (including any option, warrant or
other right to acquire any of the foregoing) of, make or permit to exist any
loans or advances to, Guarantee any obligations of, or make or permit to exist
any investment or any other interest in, any other Person, or purchase or
otherwise acquire (in one transaction or a series of transactions) any assets of
any other Person constituting a business unit, except:

(a) Permitted Investments;

(b) investments by the Borrower existing on the date hereof in the
capital stock of its Subsidiaries;

(c) loans or advances made by the Borrower to any Subsidiary and
made by any Subsidiary to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary; or

(d) guaranties by Borrower of any debt or obligation of a Subsidiary
or Affiliate which is under the direct Control of the Borrower.

SECTION 6.04. Restricted Payments. The Borrower will not, and will
not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, declare or make, or agree to pay or make,
directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except (a) the Borrower may
declare and pay dividends ratably with respect to its capital stock, (b)
Subsidiaries may declare and pay dividends ratably with respect to their capital
stock, and (c) the Borrower may make Restricted Payments pursuant to and in
accordance with stock option plans or other benefit plans for management or
employees of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries.

SECTION 6.05. Hedging Agreements. The Borrower will not, and will
not permit any of its Subsidiaries to enter into any Hedging Agreements other
than Hedging Agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business to hedge
or mitigate risks to which the Borrower and any Subsidiary is exposed in the
conduct of its business or the management of its liabilities.

SECTION 6.06. Transactions with Affiliates. The Borrower will not,
and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease or otherwise
transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any
property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any
of its Affiliates, except (a) in the ordinary course of business at prices and
on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary
than could be obtained on an arm's-length basis from unrelated third parties,
(b) transactions between or among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries not
involving any other Affiliate and (c) any Restricted Payment permitted by
Section 6.04.

SECTION 6.07. Restrictive Agreements. The Borrower will not, and
will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into,
incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits,
restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property
or assets, or (b) the ability of any Subsidiary to pay dividends or other
distributions with respect to any shares of its capital stock or to make or
repay loans or advances to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary or to Guarantee
Indebtedness


<PAGE>
32


of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary; provided that (i) the foregoing shall
not apply to restrictions and conditions imposed by law or by this Agreement,
(ii) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions existing on
the date hereof identified on Schedule 6.07 (but shall apply to any extension or
renewal of, or any amendment or modification expanding the scope of, any such
restriction or condition), (iii) the foregoing shall not apply to customary
restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a
Subsidiary pending such sale, provided such restrictions and conditions apply
only to the Subsidiary that is to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder,
(iv) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions
imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this
Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or
assets securing such Indebtedness and (v) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not
apply to customary provisions in leases and other contracts restricting the
assignment thereof.

SECTION 6.08. Financial Covenants . The Borrower shall not, without
the prior consent of the Lenders, permit its and its Subsidiaries consolidated
Total Funded Debt to Total Capitalization to exceed .60 to 1.00.

SECTION 6.09. Fiscal Year. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries will
not change their Fiscal Year, except upon a prior written notice to the
Administrative Agent.

ARTICLE VII

Events of Default

If any of the following events ("Events of Default") shall occur:

(a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan when
and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date
thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise;

(b) the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any
fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of
this Article) payable under this Agreement, when and as the same shall
become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a
period of five Business Days;

(c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on
behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in or in connection with this
Agreement or any amendment or modification hereof or waiver hereunder, or
in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document
furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any
amendment or modification hereof or waiver hereunder, shall prove to have
been materially incorrect when made or deemed made;

(d) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant,
condition or agreement contained in Section 5.02, 5.03 (with respect to
the Borrower's existence) or 5.08 or in Article VI;

(e) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant,
condition or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those
specified in clause (a), (b) or (d) of this Article), and such failure
shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after notice thereof


<PAGE>
33


from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower (which notice will be given
at the request of any Lender);

(f) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment
(whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of
any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and
payable;

(g) any event or condition occurs that results in any Material
Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables
or permits (with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or
both) the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or
agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become
due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance
thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity; provided that this clause (g)
shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of
the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such
Indebtedness or the Indenture under which the Indebtedness is created is
defeased;

(h) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary
petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other
relief in respect of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or its debts, or of a
substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign
bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in
effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian,
sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any
Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case,
such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for 60 days or an
order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be
entered;

(i) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence
any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or
other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency,
receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to
the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner,
any proceeding or petition described in clause (h) of this Article, (iii)
apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian,
sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any
Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer
admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any
such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of
creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the
foregoing;

(j) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in
writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become
due;

(k) one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate
amount in excess of $10,000,000 shall be rendered against the Borrower,
any Subsidiary or any combination thereof and the same shall remain
undischarged for a period of 30 consecutive days during which execution
shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a
judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment; or

(l) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the opinion of the
Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that
have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding $5,000,000
for all periods.


<PAGE>
34


then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower
described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article), and at any time thereafter
during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the
request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take either or
both of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the
Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii)
declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part,
in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter
be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so
declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all
fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall become due
and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of
any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower; and in case of any
event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this
Article, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the
Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and
other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall automatically become
due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any
kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower.

ARTICLE VIII

The Administrative Agent

Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative
Agent as its agent and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions
on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative
Agent by the terms hereof, together with such actions and powers as are
reasonably incidental thereto.

The bank serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have
the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and
may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and such
bank and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally
engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other
Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder.

The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations
except those expressly set forth herein. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or
other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is
continuing, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any
discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary
rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby that the Administrative Agent is
required to exercise in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or
percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as
provided in Section 9.02), and (c) except as expressly set forth herein, the
Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be
liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving
as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The
Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it
with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number
or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as
provided in Section 9.02) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or
willful misconduct. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have
knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the
Administrative Agent by the Borrower or a Lender, and the Administrative Agent
shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i)
any statement, warranty


<PAGE>
35


or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement, (ii) the
contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or in
connection herewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the
covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein, (iv) the
validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement or any
other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any
condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm
receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent.

The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall
not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate,
consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing believed by it to be
genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. The Administrative
Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and
believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any
liability for relying thereon. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal
counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other
experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not
taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or
experts.

The Administrative Agent may perform any and all its duties and
exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents
appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such
sub-agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers
through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the
preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related
Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to
their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit
facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent.

Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor
Administrative Agent as provided in this paragraph, the Administrative Agent may
resign at any time by notifying the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon any such
resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the
Borrower, to appoint a successor. If no successor shall have been so appointed
by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days
after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then
the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a
successor Administrative Agent which shall be a bank with an office in New York,
New York, or an Affiliate of any such bank. Such successor shall be a commercial
bank having capital and retained earnings of at least $10,000,000. Upon the
acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor,
such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers,
privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring
Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations
hereunder. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent
shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed
between the Borrower and such successor. After the Administrative Agent's
resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.03 shall
continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its
sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken
or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Administrative
Agent.

Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without
reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such
documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit
analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also
acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the
Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and
information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its
own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement,
any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.

<PAGE>
36


ARTICLE IX

Miscellaneous

SECTION 9.01. Notices. Except in the case of notices and other
communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone, all notices and
other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be
delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or
registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows:

(a) if to the Borrower, to it at Central Hudson Gas & Electric
Corporation, 284 South Avenue, Poughkeepsie, New York 12601, Attention of
Mr. Christopher Capone; Telecopy No. (845) 486-5459; with a copy to
Thompson Hine, LLP, One Chase Manhattan Plaza, 58th Floor, New York, New
York 10005, Attention: Eileen McCarthy, Esq.; Telecopy No. (212) 809-6890;

(b) if to the Administrative Agent, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, Loan and
Agency Services Group, 1111 Fannin Street, 10th Floor, Houston, Texas
77002, Attention Glenn Hector (Telecopy No. (713) 750-2938), with a copy
to JPMorgan Chase Bank, 12 Corporate Woods Boulevard, 4th Floor, Albany,
New York 12203, Attention: David C. Horan (Telecopy No. 518-436-9811);
with a copy to DeGraff, Foy, Kunz & Devine, LLP, 90 State Street, Albany,
New York 12207, Attention: Terence J. Devine, Esq. (Telecopy No.
518-436-0210);

(c) if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy
number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire.

Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and other
communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. All notices and
other communications given to any party hereto in accordance with the provisions
of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given on the date of receipt.

SECTION 9.02. Waivers; Amendments. (a) No failure or delay by the
Administrative Agent or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of
any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to
enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or
the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder are cumulative and are not
exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of
any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by the Borrower
therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by
paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be
effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan shall not
be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the
Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of such
Default at the time.

(b) Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived,
amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing
entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or by the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that no
such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the
written consent of such Lender, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or
reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder,
without the written consent of each Lender affected


<PAGE>
37


thereby, (iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of
any Loan, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the
amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of
expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender
affected thereby, (iv) change Section 2.15(b) or (c) in a manner that would
alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written
consent of each Lender, or (v) change any of the provisions of this Section or
the definition of "Required Lenders" or any other provision hereof specifying
the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any
rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder,
without the written consent of each Lender; provided further that no such
agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the
Administrative Agent, hereunder without the prior written consent of the
Administrative Agent.

SECTION 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. (a) The Borrower
shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the
Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges
and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent, in connection with
the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation
and administration of this Agreement or any amendments, modifications or waivers
of the provisions hereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or
thereby shall be consummated), and (ii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
the Administrative Agent or any Lender, including the reasonable fees, charges
and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent or any Lender, in
connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with
this Agreement, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with
the Loans made hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred
during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans.

(b) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent and each
Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person
being called an "Indemnitee") against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from,
any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including
the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred
by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as
a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement or any agreement or
instrument contemplated hereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their
respective obligations hereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any
other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or the use of the proceeds
therefrom, (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous
Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim,
litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing,
whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether
any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to
any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages,
liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross
negligence or wilful misconduct of such Indemnitee.

(c) To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required
to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent under paragraph (a) or (b) of this
Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent such
Lender's Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable
unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount;
provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage,
liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted
against the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such.

(d) To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower shall
not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory
of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as
opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection

<PAGE>
38


with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument
contemplated hereby, the Transactions, any Loan or the use of the proceeds
thereof.

(e) All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly
after written demand therefore, providing reasonable details.

SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns. (a) The provisions of this
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto
and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the
Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations
hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted
assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and
void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to
confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective
successors and assigns permitted hereby and, to the extent expressly
contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and
the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of
this Agreement.

(b) Any Lender may assign to one or more assignees all or a portion
of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion
of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it); provided that (i) each
of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent must give their prior written
consent to such assignment (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld),
(ii) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender
or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender's
Commitment, the amount of the Commitment of the assigning Lender subject to each
such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with
respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not
be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent
otherwise consent, (iii) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment
of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender's rights and obligations
under this Agreement, (iv) the parties to each assignment shall execute and
deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Acceptance, together with
a processing and recordation fee of $3,500, and (v) the assignee, if it shall
not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative
Questionnaire; and provided further that any consent of the Borrower otherwise
required under this paragraph shall not be required if an Event of Default under
Article VII has occurred and is continuing. Subject to acceptance and recording
thereof pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section, from and after the effective
date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance the assignee thereunder shall
be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment
and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this
Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the
interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, be released from its
obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and
Acceptance covering all of the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under
this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue
to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.14 and 9.03). Any
assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement
that does not comply with this paragraph shall be treated for purposes of this
Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and
obligations in accordance with paragraph (e) of this Section.

(c) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of
the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in The City of New York a
copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it and a register for the
recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of,
and principal amount of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms
hereof from time to time (the "Register"). The entries in the Register shall be
conclusive, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may treat
each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof
as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding

<PAGE>
39


notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the
Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon
reasonable prior notice.

(d) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Acceptance
executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee's completed
Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender
hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of
this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph
(b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and
Acceptance and record the information contained therein in the Register. No
assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been
recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph.

(e) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower or the
Administrative Agent, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities
(a "Participant") in all or a portion of such Lender's rights and obligations
under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans
owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender's obligations under this Agreement
shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the
other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the
Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and the other Lenders shall continue to deal
solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender's rights and
obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which
a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain
the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment,
modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such
agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the
consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver
described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant.
Subject to paragraph (f) of this Section, the Borrower agrees that each
Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.12, 2.13 and 2.14 to
the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by
assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section. To the extent permitted by
law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as
though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to
Section 2.15(c) as though it were a Lender.

(f) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater
payment under Section 2.12 or 2.14 than the applicable Lender would have been
entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant,
unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the
Borrower's prior written consent. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender
if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.14 unless
the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such
Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with Section
2.14(e) as though it were a Lender.

(g) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest
in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations
of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a
Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or
assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of
a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder
or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.

SECTION 9.05. Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations
and warranties made by the Borrower herein and in the certificates or other
instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement shall be
considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall
survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of any
Loans, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its
behalf and notwithstanding that the

<PAGE>
40


Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any
Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is
extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the
principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount
payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid and so long as the
Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.12,
2.13, 2.14 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and
effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby,
the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Commitments or
the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof.

SECTION 9.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This
Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on
different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of
which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and
any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the
Administrative Agent constitute the entire contract among the parties relating
to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and
understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except
as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall
have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent
shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the
signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page
of this Agreement by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually
executed counterpart of this Agreement.

SECTION 9.07. Severability. Any provision of this Agreement held to
be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or
unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of
the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in
a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other
jurisdiction.

SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby
authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by
law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or
demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time
owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the
Borrower against any of and all the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter
existing under this Agreement held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or
not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although
such obligations may be unmatured. The rights of each Lender under this Section
are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff)
which such Lender may have.

SECTION 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of
Process. (a) This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed
by the law of the State of New York.

(b) The Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for
itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court
of the State of New York sitting in Albany County and of the United States
District Court of the Northern District of New York, and any appellate court
from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this
Agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the
parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in
respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New
York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of
the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding
shall be conclusive and may

<PAGE>
41


be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other
manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any right that
the Administrative Agent or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or
proceeding relating to this Agreement against the Borrower or its properties in
the courts of any jurisdiction.

(c) The Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to
the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it
may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any court referred to
in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably
waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient
forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.

(d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of
process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Nothing in this
Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process
in any other manner permitted by law.

SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES,
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER
BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES
THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED,
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF
LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT
AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY,
AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.

SECTION 9.11. Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table
of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of
this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into
consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.

SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent and
the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as
defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its
Affiliates' directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants,
legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom
such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such
Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the
extent requested by any regulatory authority, (c) to the extent required by
applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d)
to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any
remedies hereunder or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement
or the enforcement of rights hereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing
provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to any assignee of
or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its
rights or obligations under this Agreement, (g) with the consent of the Borrower
or (h) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than
as a result of a breach of this Section or (ii) becomes available to the
Administrative Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source
other than the Borrower. For the purposes of this Section, "Information" means
all information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower or its
business, other than any such information that is available to the
Administrative Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to
disclosure by the Borrower; provided that, in the case of information received
from the Borrower after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified
at the time of

<PAGE>
42


delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of
Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied
with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of
care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would
accord to its own confidential information.

SECTION 9.13. Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan,
together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest
on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the "Charges"), shall exceed the
maximum lawful rate (the "Maximum Rate") which may be contracted for, charged,
taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with
applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder,
together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the
Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have
been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the
operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges
payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased
(but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together
with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of
repayment, shall have been received by such Lender.

SECTION 9.14. USA Patriot Act. Each Lender hereby notifies the
Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of
Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the "Act"), it is required
to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which
information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information
that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Act.


<PAGE>
43

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to
be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year
first above written.

CENTRAL HUDSON GAS & ELECTRIC
CORPORATION,


By
Name:
Title:
Address of Borrower: ___________________
___________________
Taxpayer Identification Number: ________


JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, as Lender
and as Administrative Agent,


By
Name:
Title:


FLEET NATIONAL BANK, as Lender
and as Co-Syndication Agent,


By
Name:
Title:


HSBC BANK USA, as Lender and as
Co-Syndication Agent,


By
Name:
Title:


KEY BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as
Lender and as Documentation Agent,


By
Name:
Title:


<PAGE>

EXHIBIT A
[FORM OF]

ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE

Reference is made to the Credit Agreement dated as of [    ] (as
amended and in effect on the date hereof, the "Credit Agreement"), among
[            ], the Lenders named therein and JPMorgan Chase Bank, as
Administrative Agent for the Lenders. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are
used herein with the same meanings.

The Assignor named on the reverse hereof hereby sells and assigns,
without recourse, to the Assignee named on the reverse hereof, and the Assignee
hereby purchases and assumes, without recourse, from the Assignor, effective as
of the Assignment Date set forth on the reverse hereof, the interests set forth
on the reverse hereof (the "Assigned Interest") in the Assignor's rights and
obligations under the Credit Agreement, including, without limitation, the
interests set forth on the reverse hereof in the Commitment of the Assignor on
the Assignment Date and Revolving Loans owing to the Assignor which are
outstanding on the Assignment Date, but excluding accrued interest and fees to
and excluding the Assignment Date. The Assignee hereby acknowledges receipt of a
copy of the Credit Agreement. From and after the Assignment Date (i) the
Assignee shall be a party to and be bound by the provisions of the Credit
Agreement and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, have the rights and
obligations of a Lender thereunder and (ii) the Assignor shall, to the extent of
the Assigned Interest, relinquish its rights and be released from its
obligations under the Credit Agreement.

This Assignment and Acceptance is being delivered to the
Administrative Agent together with (i) if the Assignee is a Foreign Lender, any
documentation required to be delivered by the Assignee pursuant to Section
2.14(e) of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee,
and (ii) if the Assignee is not already a Lender under the Credit Agreement, an
Administrative Questionnaire in the form supplied by the Administrative Agent,
duly completed by the Assignee. The [Assignee/Assignor] shall pay the fee
payable to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.04(b) of the Credit
Agreement.

This Assignment and Acceptance shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

Date of Assignment:

Legal Name of Assignor:

Legal Name of Assignee:

Assignee's Address for Notices:

Effective Date of Assignment
("Assignment Date"):


<PAGE>
2


================================================================================
Principal Amount        Percentage Assigned of
Facility                   Assigned              Facility/Commitment
(set forth, to at least 8
decimals, as a percentage of
the Facility and the aggregate
Commitments of all Lenders
thereunder)
Commitment Assigned:         $                                        %
Revolving Loans:
================================================================================

The terms set forth above and on the reverse side hereof are hereby agreed to:

[Name of Assignor]   , as Assignor


By:
Name:
Title:


[Name of Assignee]   , as Assignee


By:
Name:
Title:

<PAGE>
3


The undersigned hereby consent to the within assignment:


[Name of Borrower],                           JPMorgan Chase Bank,
as Administrative Agent,

By:                                           By:
Name:                                         Name:
Title:                                        Title:

<PAGE>

EXHIBIT B

OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE BORROWER

[Effective Date]

To the Lenders and the Administrative
Agent Referred to Below
c/o JPMorgan Chase Bank, as
Administrative Agent
270 Park Avenue
New York, New York 10017

Dear Sirs:

We have acted as counsel for Central Hudson Gas & Electric
Corporation, a New York corporation (the "Borrower"), in connection with the
Credit Agreement dated as of June , 2004 (the "Credit Agreement"), among the
Borrower, the banks and other financial institutions identified therein as
Lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, as Administrative Agent. Terms defined in the
Credit Agreement are used herein with the same meanings.

We have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise
identified to our satisfaction, of such documents, corporate records,
certificates of public officials and other instruments and have conducted such
other investigations of fact and law as we have deemed necessary or advisable
for purposes of this opinion.

Upon the basis of the foregoing, we are of the opinion that:

1. The Borrower (a) is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of New York, (b) has all requisite
power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and (c) except
where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to
do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such
qualification is required.

2. The Transactions are within the Borrower's corporate powers and
have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate and, if required,
stockholder action. The Credit Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by
the Borrower (assuming the due and valid execution thereof by the other parties
thereto) and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower,
enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors' rights
generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

<PAGE>
2


3. The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of,
registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority,
(other than the approval of the New York State Public Service Commission, which
approval has been obtained and is in full force and effect), (b) will not
violate the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries or, to our knowledge, any applicable law or
regulation or, to our knowledge, any order of any Governmental Authority, (c)
will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other
instrument known to us and binding upon the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
or its assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be
made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and (d) will not result in the
creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries.

4. There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any
arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to our knowledge,
threatened against or affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (a) as
to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that,
if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Matters)
or (b) that involve the Credit Agreement or the Transactions.

5. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is (a) an
"investment company" as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the
Investment Company Act of 1940 or (b) a "holding company" as defined in, or
subject to regulation under, the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935.

Our opinion expressed above is limited to the present law of the
State of New York and, to the extent applicable, the present Federal law of the
United States, and we do not express any opinion herein concerning any other
law.

This opinion is solely for the benefit of the named addresses hereof
and is not to be quoted in whole or in part or otherwise referred to in any oral
or written statement, document or other communication, nor is it to be filed
with any government agency or delivered to any person without our prior written
consent.

Very truly yours,

THOMPSON HINE, LLP

By:


<PAGE>

SCHEDULE 2.01

Lenders and Commitments

Lender                               Commitment
JP Morgan Chase Bank                         $21,000,000
HSBC Bank USA                                $18,000,000
Bank of America                              $18,000,000
Key Bank National Association                $ 18,000000

<PAGE>

SCHEDULE 3.05

1. Borrower's Neversink Hydro Electric Generating Facility ownership was to
revert back to New York City Board of Water Supply in the year 2003. The
Borrower and the City of New York have entered into an agreement which delays by
up to one year the transfer to the City of Central Hudson's ownership interest
in the Neversink Hydroelectric Station, which transfer was anticipated to occur
on December 31, 2003, pursuant to an agreement between Central Hudson and the
City dated April 21, 1948.


<PAGE>

SCHEDULE 3.06

All litigation and administrative proceedings described in Borrower's Annual
Reports on Form 10-K for the annual periods ended December 31, 2002 and December
31, 2003 and each Quarterly Report, on Form 10-Q, filed after January 1, 2003
prior to the date of this Agreement.


<PAGE>

SCHEDULE 6.07

1.       Restrictions contained in that certain Amended and Restated Settlement
Agreement, dated January 2, 1998, among Borrower and the Staff of the
New York Public Service Commission.


<PAGE>

EXHIBIT A

[FORM OF]

ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE

Reference is made to the Credit Agreement dated as of [     ] (as
amended and in effect on the date hereof, the "Credit Agreement"), among
[             ], the Lenders named therein and JPMorgan Chase Bank, as
Administrative Agent for the Lenders. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are
used herein with the same meanings.

The Assignor named on the reverse hereof hereby sells and assigns,
without recourse, to the Assignee named on the reverse hereof, and the Assignee
hereby purchases and assumes, without recourse, from the Assignor, effective as
of the Assignment Date set forth on the reverse hereof, the interests set forth
on the reverse hereof (the "Assigned Interest") in the Assignor's rights and
obligations under the Credit Agreement, including, without limitation, the
interests set forth on the reverse hereof in the Commitment of the Assignor on
the Assignment Date and Revolving Loans owing to the Assignor which are
outstanding on the Assignment Date, but excluding accrued interest and fees to
and excluding the Assignment Date. The Assignee hereby acknowledges receipt of a
copy of the Credit Agreement. From and after the Assignment Date (i) the
Assignee shall be a party to and be bound by the provisions of the Credit
Agreement and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, have the rights and
obligations of a Lender thereunder and (ii) the Assignor shall, to the extent of
the Assigned Interest, relinquish its rights and be released from its
obligations under the Credit Agreement.

This Assignment and Acceptance is being delivered to the
Administrative Agent together with (i) if the Assignee is a Foreign Lender, any
documentation required to be delivered by the Assignee pursuant to Section
2.14(e) of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee,
and (ii) if the Assignee is not already a Lender under the Credit Agreement, an
Administrative Questionnaire in the form supplied by the Administrative Agent,
duly completed by the Assignee. The [Assignee/Assignor] shall pay the fee
payable to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.04(b) of the Credit
Agreement.

This Assignment and Acceptance shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

Date of Assignment:

Legal Name of Assignor:

Legal Name of Assignee:

Assignee's Address for Notices:

Effective Date of Assignment
("Assignment Date"):


<PAGE>

================================================================================
Principal Amount         Percentage Assigned of
Facility               Assigned               Facility/Commitment
(set forth, to at least 8
decimals, as a percentage of
the Facility and the aggregate
Commitments of all Lenders
thereunder)
Commitment Assigned:           $                                        %
Revolving Loans:
================================================================================

The terms set forth above and on the reverse side hereof are hereby agreed to:


[Name of Assignor]   , as Assignor


By:
Name:
Title:


[Name of Assignee]   , as Assignee


By:
Name:
Title:

The undersigned hereby consent to the within assignment:

[Name of Borrower],                            JPMorgan Chase Bank,
as Administrative Agent,

By:                                            By:
Name:                                          Name:
Title:                                         Title:


<PAGE>

FORM OF OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE BORROWER

June __, 2004

To the Lenders and the Administrative
Agent Referred to Below
c/o JPMorgan Chase Bank, as
Administrative Agent
270 Park Avenue
New York, New York 10017

Dear Sirs:

We have acted as counsel for Central Hudson Gas & Electric
Corporation, a New York corporation (the "Borrower"), in connection with the
Credit Agreement dated as of June , 2004 (the "Credit Agreement"), among the
Borrower, the banks and other financial institutions identified therein as
Lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, as Administrative Agent. Terms defined in the
Credit Agreement are used herein with the same meanings.

We have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise
identified to our satisfaction, of such documents, corporate records,
certificates of public officials and other instruments and have conducted such
other investigations of fact and law as we have deemed necessary or advisable
for purposes of this opinion.

Upon the basis of the foregoing, we are of the opinion that:

1. The Borrower (a) is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of New York, (b) has all requisite
corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and (c)
except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to
do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such
qualification is required.

2. The Transactions are within the Borrower's corporate powers and
have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate and, if required,
stockholder action. The Credit Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by
the Borrower and, assuming the due and valid execution thereof by the other
parties thereto, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the
Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting
creditors' rights generally and subject to general principles of equity,
regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

3. The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of,
registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority,
(other than the approval of the New York State Public Service Commission, which
approval has been obtained and is in full force and effect), (b) will not
violate the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries or, to our knowledge, any applicable law or
regulation or, to our knowledge, any order of any Governmental Authority, (c)
will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other
instrument known to us and binding upon the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
or its assets, or give rise


<PAGE>

to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries, and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of
any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.

4. There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any
arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to our knowledge,
threatened against or affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (a) as
to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that,
if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Matters)
or (b) that involve the Credit Agreement or the Transactions.

5. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is (a) an
"investment company" as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the
Investment Company Act of 1940 or (b) a "holding company" as defined in, or
subject to regulation under, the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935.

Our opinion expressed above is limited to the present law of the
State of New York and, to the extent applicable, the present Federal law of the
United States, and we do not express any opinion herein concerning any other
law.

This opinion is solely for the benefit of the named addresses hereof
and is not to be quoted in whole or in part or otherwise referred to in any oral
or written statement, document or other communication, nor is it to be filed
with any government agency or delivered to any person without our prior written
consent.

Very truly yours,

THOMPSON HINE, LLP

By:


