









<PAGE>   1


==================================================================

U.S. $150,000,000

CREDIT AGREEMENT

Dated as of June 23, 2000

Among

THE MONY GROUP INC.
as Borrower

THE BANKS NAMED HEREIN
as Banks

SALOMON SMITH BARNEY INC.
as Arranger and Book Manager

FLEET NATIONAL BANK
as Syndication Agent

BANK ONE, N.A.
as Documentation Agent

and

CITIBANK, N.A.
as Administrative Agent

==================================================================


<PAGE>   2




T A B L E  O F  C O N T E N T S

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Page
<S>                                                                                    <C>
ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS................................................1
SECTION 1.01.  Certain Defined Terms.....................................................1
SECTION 1.02.  Computation of Time Periods..............................................16
SECTION 1.03.  Accounting Terms.........................................................16

ARTICLE 2 AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE ADVANCES..............................................16
SECTION 2.01.  The A Advances...........................................................16
SECTION 2.02.  Making the A Advances....................................................17
SECTION 2.03.  The B Advances...........................................................19
SECTION 2.04.  Certain Fees.............................................................22
SECTION 2.05.  Reduction, Extensions and Increase of the Commitments....................23
SECTION 2.06.  Repayment................................................................25
SECTION 2.07.  Interest.................................................................26
SECTION 2.08.  Additional Interest on Eurodollar Rate Advances..........................28
SECTION 2.09.  Interest Rate Determinations; Changes in Rating Systems..................27
SECTION 2.10.  Voluntary Conversion and Continuation of A Advances......................28
SECTION 2.11.  Prepayments of A Advances................................................29
SECTION 2.12.  Increased Costs..........................................................30
SECTION 2.13.  Illegality...............................................................30
SECTION 2.14.  Payments and Computations................................................30
SECTION 2.15.  Taxes....................................................................32
SECTION 2.16.  Sharing of Payments, Etc.................................................33
SECTION 2.17.  Right to Replace a Lender................................................34
SECTION 2.18.  Evidence of Debt.........................................................34

ARTICLE 3 CONDITIONS OF LENDING..........................................................35
SECTION 3.01.  Conditions Precedent to Initial Borrowing................................35
SECTION 3.02.  Conditions Precedent to Each A Borrowing.................................36
SECTION 3.03.  Conditions Precedent to Each B Borrowing.................................36

ARTICLE 4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.................................................37
SECTION 4.01.  Representations and Warranties of the Borrower...........................37

ARTICLE 5 COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER......................................................39
SECTION 5.01.  Affirmative Covenants....................................................39
SECTION 5.02.  Negative Covenants.......................................................43

ARTICLE 6 EVENTS OF DEFAULT..............................................................46
SECTION 6.01.  Events of Default........................................................46

ARTICLE 7 THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT.......................................................49
SECTION 7.01.  Authorization and Action.................................................49
</TABLE>



i

<PAGE>   3


<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                    <C>
SECTION 7.02.  Administrative Agent's Reliance, Etc.....................................49
SECTION 7.03.  Citibank and Affiliates..................................................50
SECTION 7.04.  Lender Credit Decision...................................................50
SECTION 7.05.  Indemnification..........................................................50
SECTION 7.06.  Successor Administrative Agent...........................................50
SECTION 7.07.  Arranger and Book Manager, Syndication Agent and Documentation
Agent.................................................................51

ARTICLE 8  MISCELLANEOUS.................................................................51
SECTION 8.01.  Amendments, Etc..........................................................51
SECTION 8.02.  Notices, Etc.............................................................52
SECTION 8.03.  No Waiver; Remedies......................................................53
SECTION 8.04.  Costs, Expenses and Indemnification......................................53
SECTION 8.05.  Binding Effect...........................................................54
SECTION 8.06.  Assignments and Participations...........................................54
SECTION 8.07.  Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction................................57
SECTION 8.08.  Severability.............................................................57
SECTION 8.09.  Execution in Counterparts................................................57
SECTION 8.10.  Survival.................................................................57
SECTION 8.11.  Waiver of Jury Trial.....................................................58
SECTION 8.12.  Confidentiality..........................................................58
SECTION 8.13.  Existing Credit Agreements...............................................58
</TABLE>



ii

<PAGE>   4


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
SCHEDULES
<S>              <C>
Schedule I     - Banks and Commitments
Schedule II    - Existing Liens
Schedule III   - Existing Non-Recourse Mortgage Debt

EXHIBITS
Exhibit A-1    - Form of Notice of A Borrowing
Exhibit A-2    - Form of Notice of B Borrowing
Exhibit B      - Form of Assignment and Acceptance
Exhibit C      - Form of Opinion of Counsel
of the Borrower
Exhibit D      - Form of Opinion of Special New York Counsel
to the Administrative Agent
</TABLE>



iii


<PAGE>   5



CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of June 23, 2000 among THE MONY GROUP INC., a
corporation organized under the laws of Delaware (the "Borrower"), the banks
(each a "Bank" and, collectively, the "Banks") listed on the signature pages
hereof, and CITIBANK, N.A., a national banking association, as administrative
agent (in such capacity, the "Administrative Agent").

The Borrower has requested that the Lenders (as hereinafter defined) make
loans to it in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding $150,000,000 at any
one time outstanding (as the same may be increased pursuant to Section 2.05(c))
for the general corporate purposes of the Borrower (including to support the
Borrower's commercial paper program), and the Lenders are prepared to make such
loans upon the terms and conditions hereof. Accordingly, the parties hereto
agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1
DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS

SECTION 1.01. Certain Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the
following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally
applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):

"A Advance" means an advance by a Lender to the Borrower as part
of an A Borrowing and refers to a Base Rate Advance or a Eurodollar Rate
Advance.

"A Borrowing" means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous A
Advances of the same Type made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section
2.01.

"Administrative Questionnaire" means an administrative
questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.

"Advance" means an A Advance or a B Advance.

"Affiliate" means, as to any Person, any other Person that,
directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common
control with such Person.

"Applicable Facility Fee Rate" means, for any Rating Level Period,
the rate set forth below opposite the reference to such Rating Level
Period:


364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   6




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Applicable
Rating Level                      Facility
Period                         Fee Rate
<S>                                   <C>
Rating Level 1 Period                   0.080%
Rating Level 2 Period                   0.090%
Rating Level 3 Period                   0.100%
Rating Level 4 Period                   0.125%
Rating Level 5 Period                   0.200%
</TABLE>

Each change in the Applicable Facility Fee Rate resulting from a Rating
Level Change shall be effective on the effective date of such Rating
Level Change.

"Applicable Lending Office" means, with respect to any Lender,
such Lender's Domestic Lending Office in the case of a Base Rate Advance
and such Lender's Eurodollar Lending Office in the case of a Eurodollar
Rate Advance and, in the case of a B Advance, the office of such Lender
notified by such Lender to the Administrative Agent as its Applicable
Lending Office with respect to such B Advance.

"Applicable Margin" means:

(a)    for any A Advance that is a Base Rate Advance,
0.000% per annum; and

(b)    for any A Advance that is a Eurodollar Rate Advance
for any Rating Level Period, the rate set forth below opposite the
reference to such Rating Level Period:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Rating Level                    Applicable
Period                      Margin (p.a.)
<S>                                 <C>
Rating Level 1 Period                   0.320%
Rating Level 2 Period                   0.360%
Rating Level 3 Period                   0.400%
Rating Level 4 Period                   0.500%
Rating Level 5 Period                   0.675%
</TABLE>


364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   7


Each change in the Applicable Margin resulting from a Rating Level Change
shall be effective on the effective date of such Rating Level Change.

"Applicable Utilization Fee Rate" means, for any Rating Level
Period, the rate set forth below opposite the reference to such Rating
Level Period:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Applicable
Rating Level                     Utilization
Period                         Fee Rate
<S>                                   <C>
Rating Level 1 Period                   0.050%
Rating Level 2 Period                   0.100%
Rating Level 3 Period                   0.100%
Rating Level 4 Period                   0.125%
Rating Level 5 Period                   0.125%
</TABLE>

Each change in the Applicable Utilization Fee Rate resulting from a
Rating Level Change shall be effective on the effective date of such
Rating Level Change.

"Asset Valuation Reserve" means, for MONY Life, on any date of
determination thereof, the asset valuation reserve (as determined in
accordance with SAP) as at the last day of the fiscal quarter of the
Borrower ending on or most recently ended prior to such date.

"Assignment and Acceptance" means an assignment and acceptance
entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee, and accepted by the
Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto.

"B Advance" means an advance by a Lender to the Borrower as part
of a B Borrowing resulting from the auction bidding procedure described
in Section 2.03.

"B Borrowing" means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous B
Advances from each of the Lenders whose offer to make one or more B
Advances as part of such borrowing has been accepted by the Borrower
under the auction bidding procedure described in Section 2.03.

"B Reduction" has the meaning specified in Section 2.01.

"Base Rate" means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per
annum in effect from time to time, which rate per annum shall at all
times be equal to the highest of:



364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   8


(a)    the rate of interest announced publicly by Citibank
in New York, New York from time to time as Citibank's base rate;

(b)    1/2 of one percent per annum above the Federal Funds
Rate for such period; and

(c)    the sum (adjusted to the nearest 1/16 of one percent
or, if there is no nearest 1/16 of one percent, to the next higher
1/16 of one percent) of (i) 0.50% per annum plus (ii) the rate
obtained by dividing (x) the latest three-week moving average of
secondary market morning offering rates in the United States for
three-month certificates of deposit of major United States money
center banks, such three-week moving average (adjusted to the
basis of a year of 360 days) being determined weekly on each
Monday (or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the next
succeeding Business Day) for the three-week period ending on the
previous Friday by Citibank on the basis of such rates reported by
certificate of deposit dealers to and published by the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York or, if such publication shall be
suspended or terminated, on the basis of quotations for such rates
received by Citibank from three New York certificate of deposit
dealers of recognized standing selected by Citibank by (y) a
percentage equal to 100% minus the average of the daily
percentages specified during such three-week period by the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for
determining the maximum reserve requirement (including, but not
limited to, any emergency, supplemental or other marginal reserve
requirement) for Citibank with respect to liabilities consisting
of or including (among other liabilities) three-month U.S. dollar
non-personal time deposits in the United States plus (iii) the
average during such three-week period of the annual assessment
rates estimated by Citibank for determining the then current
annual assessment rate payable by Citibank to the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation (or any successor) for insuring U.S. dollar
deposits of Citibank in the United States.

"Base Rate Advance" means an A Advance which bears interest at
rates based upon the Base Rate.

"Borrowing" means an A Borrowing or a B Borrowing.

"Business Day" means a day of the year on which banks are not
required or authorized to close in New York City and, if the applicable
Business Day relates to any Eurodollar Rate Advance, on which dealings
are carried on in the London interbank market.

"Change in Control" means any of the following events:



364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   9


(a)    the Borrower shall (i) cease to own, beneficially
and of record, directly or indirectly, 100% of the shares of
capital stock of MONY Life (other than directors' qualifying
shares) or (ii) cease to have the ability to elect a majority of
the board of directors of MONY Life; or

(b)    the Borrower is merged, consolidated or reorganized
into or with another corporation or other Person, and as a result
of such merger, consolidation or reorganization less than a
majority of the combined voting power of the then outstanding
securities of such corporation or other Person that is the
survivor of such merger, consolidation or reorganization
immediately after such transaction is held in the aggregate by the
holders of Voting Stock of the Borrower, immediately prior to such
transaction; or

(c)    either MONY Life or the Borrower sells all or
substantially all of its assets to any other corporation or other
Person (other than as expressly permitted in accordance with the
terms of Section 5.02(c)); or

(d)    any "person" or "group" (as such terms are used for
purposes of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act, whether
or not applicable, except that for purposes of this paragraph (d)
such person or group shall be deemed to have "beneficial
ownership" of all shares that such person or group has the right
to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only
after the passage of time) is or becomes the "beneficial owner"
(as such term is used in Rule 13d-3 promulgated pursuant to the
Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the
aggregate voting power of all Voting Stock of the Borrower.

"Citibank" means Citibank, N.A., a national banking association.

"Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from
time to time.

"Commitment" has the meaning specified in Section 2.01.

"Commitment Termination Date" means June __, 2001 or, in the case
of any Lender whose Commitment is extended pursuant to Section 2.05(b),
the date to which such Commitment is extended; provided in each case that
if any such date is not a Business Day, the relevant Commitment
Termination Date of such Lender shall be the immediately preceding
Business Day. When the term "Commitment Termination Date" is used herein
without reference to any particular Lender, such term shall, in such
instance, be deemed to be a reference to the latest Commitment
Termination Date of any of the Lenders then in effect hereunder.

"Confidential Information" means information furnished to the
Administrative Agent or any Lender by or on behalf of the Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates on a confidential basis by informing
the recipient that such information is


364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   10


confidential or marking such information as such, but does not include
any such information that (i) is or becomes generally available to the
public (other than as a result of any action by a Lender in violation of
Section 8.12) or (ii) is or becomes available to such Person or Persons
from a source other than the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or
Affiliates, unless such Person has actual knowledge that (a) such source
is bound by a confidentiality obligation or (b) such information has been
previously furnished to such Person on a confidential basis.

"Consolidated" refers to the consolidation of accounts of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP.

"Continuation", "Continue" and "Continued" each refers to a
continuation of Eurodollar Rate Advances from one Interest Period to the
next Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.10(b).

"Convert", "Conversion" and "Converted" each refers to a
conversion of Advances of one Type into Advances of the other Type
pursuant to Section 2.09 or Section 2.10(a).

"Debt" of any Person means (a) indebtedness of such Person for
borrowed money, (b) obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds,
debentures, notes or other similar instruments, (c) obligations of such
Person under Repurchase Agreements, (d) obligations of such Person to pay
the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade
payables incurred in the ordinary course of business and not overdue by
more than 30 days), (e) obligations of such Person as lessee under leases
which shall have been or should be, in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, recorded as capital leases, (f) Debt of others
secured by a Lien on the property of such Person, whether or not the
respective indebtedness so secured has been assumed by such Person and
(g) obligations of such Person under direct or indirect guaranties in
respect of, and obligations (contingent or otherwise) to purchase or
otherwise acquire, or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss in
respect of, indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred
to in clauses (a) through (f) above (including, without limitation,
reimbursement obligations of such Person in respect of standby letters of
credit or similar obligations); provided that the term "Debt" shall not
include the liability of such Person in connection with (i) the Existing
Non-Recourse Mortgage Debt or (ii) any Securitization Transactions,
except to the extent that amounts received in connection with the sale or
other transfer of accounts receivable in connection with such
Securitization Transaction would under GAAP be accounted for as
liabilities or reserves against assets on a Consolidated balance sheet of
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries.

"Default" means an event that, with notice or lapse of time or
both, would become an Event of Default.


364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   11


"Domestic Lending Office" means, with respect to any Lender, the
office of such Lender specified as its "Domestic Lending Office" in the
Administrative Questionnaire of such Bank or in the Assignment and
Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender, or such other office of
such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify to the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent.

"Effective Date" means the earliest date as of which the
conditions precedent to effectiveness set forth in Section 3.01 shall
have been satisfied or waived.

"Eligible Assignee" means:

(a)    a Lender and any Affiliate of such Lender (excluding any
such Affiliate primarily engaged in the insurance or mutual fund
business);

(b)    a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United
States, or any State thereof, and having total assets in excess of
$1,000,000,000;

(c)    a savings bank organized under the laws of the United
States, or any State thereof, and having total assets in excess of
$500,000,000;

(d)    a commercial bank organized under the laws of any other
country which is a member of the OECD or a political subdivision of any
such country, and having total assets in excess of $1,000,000,000; and

(e)    a finance company or other financial institution or fund
(whether a corporation, partnership or other Person, but excluding any
corporation, partnership or other Person primarily engaged in the
insurance or mutual fund business) which is engaged in making, purchasing
or otherwise investing in commercial loans in the ordinary course of its
business, and having total assets in excess of $500,000,000.

"Environmental Law" means any federal, state or local governmental
law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction or decree
relating to pollution or protection of the environment or the treatment,
storage, disposal, release, threatened release or handling of Hazardous
Materials, including, without limitation, Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act, the Hazardous Materials Transportation
Act, the Clean Water Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Clean Air
Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, the Atomic Energy Act and the Federal
Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, in each case, as amended from
time to time.

"ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings
issued thereunder.



364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   12


"ERISA Affiliate" of any Person means any other Person that for
purposes of Title IV of ERISA is a member of such Person's controlled
group, or under common control with such Person, within the meaning of
Sections 414(b), (c), (m) and (o) of the Code.

"ERISA Event" with respect to any Person means (a) the occurrence
of a reportable event, within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA, with
respect to any Plan of such Person or any of its ERISA Affiliates unless
the 30-day notice requirement with respect to such event has been waived
pursuant to regulations under Section 4043 of ERISA and excluding a
reportable event under Section 4043(c)(7) of ERISA; (b) the provision by
the administrator of any Plan of such Person or any of its ERISA
Affiliates of a notice of intent to terminate such Plan pursuant to
Section 4041(c) of ERISA as a distress termination; (c) the cessation of
operations at a facility of such Person or any of its ERISA Affiliates in
the circumstances described in Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (d) the
withdrawal by such Person or any of its ERISA Affiliates from a Multiple
Employer Plan during a plan year for which it was a substantial employer,
as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA; (e) the satisfaction of the
conditions set forth in Sections 302(f)(1)(A) and (B) of ERISA to the
creation of a lien upon property or rights to property of such Person or
any ERISA Affiliate for failure to make a required payment to a Plan; (f)
the adoption of an amendment to a Plan of such Person or any of its ERISA
Affiliates requiring the provision of security to such Plan, pursuant to
Section 307 of ERISA; or (g) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings
to terminate a Plan of such Person or any of its ERISA Affiliates,
pursuant to Section 4042 of ERISA, or the occurrence of any event or
condition described in Section 4042 of ERISA that constitutes grounds for
the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, such
Plan.

"Eurocurrency Liabilities" has the meaning assigned to that term
in Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System,
as in effect from time to time.

"Eurodollar Lending Office" means, with respect to any Lender, the
office of such Lender specified as its "Eurodollar Lending Office" in the
Administrative Questionnaire of such Lender or in the Assignment and
Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender (or, if no such office is
specified, its Domestic Lending Office), or such other office of such
Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify to the Borrower and
the Administrative Agent.

"Eurodollar Rate" means, for any Interest Period for each
Eurodollar Rate Advance, the rate per annum (rounded upward, if
necessary, to the nearest whole multiple of 1/16 of 1% per annum)
appearing on Telerate Page 3750 as of 11:00 A.M. (London time) on the
date (as to any Interest Period, the "Determination Date") that is two
Business Days before the first day of such Interest Period, as LIBOR for
a period equal to such Interest Period. In the event that Telerate Page
3750 shall cease to report such LIBOR or, in the reasonable judgement of
the Majority Lenders, shall cease to accurately reflect such LIBOR, then
the "Eurodollar Rate" with respect to such Interest


364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   13


Period for such Eurodollar Rate Advance shall be the rate per annum equal
to the average of the rate per annum at which deposits in U.S. dollars
are offered by the principal office of each of the Reference Banks in
London, England to leading banks in the London interbank market at 11:00
A.M. (London time) on the Determination Date in an amount substantially
equal to such Reference Bank's Eurodollar Rate Advance comprising part of
the related A Borrowing and for a period equal to such Interest Period.
The Eurodollar Rate for any Interest Period for each Eurodollar Rate
Advance shall be determined by the Administrative Agent on the basis of
the applicable rate appearing on Telerate Page 3750 as aforesaid (or the
applicable rates furnished to and received by the Administrative Agent
from the Reference Banks) on the Determination Date for such Interest
Period, subject, however, to the provisions of Section 2.09.

"Eurodollar Rate Advance" means an A Advance which bears interest
at rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate.

"Eurodollar Rate Reserve Percentage" of any Lender for any
Interest Period for any Eurodollar Rate Advance means the reserve
percentage applicable during such Interest Period (or if more than one
such percentage shall be so applicable, the daily average of such
percentages for those days in such Interest Period during which any such
percentage shall be so applicable) under regulations issued from time to
time by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any
successor) for determining the maximum reserve requirement (including,
without limitation, any emergency, supplemental or other marginal reserve
requirement) for such Lender with respect to liabilities or assets
consisting of or including Eurocurrency Liabilities having a term equal
to such Interest Period.

"Events of Default" has the meaning specified in Section 6.01.

"Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended from time to time.

"Excluded Representation" means the representation and warranty
set forth in clause (v) of Section 4.01(e).

"Existing Credit Agreements" means (i) the Credit Agreement
(364-Day) dated as of October 1, 1998 among MONY Life, the lenders party
thereto and Citibank, as administrative agent, as amended and/or restated
through the date hereof, and (ii) the Credit Agreement (Five-Year) dated
as of October 1, 1998 among MONY Life, the lenders party thereto and
Citibank, as administrative agent, as amended and/or restated through the
date hereof.

"Existing Non-Recourse Mortgage Debt" means Debt of the Borrower
or its Subsidiaries in existence on the date hereof and described in
Schedule III hereto incurred in respect of the acquisition or improvement
of real property and for which (a) the



364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   14


recourse of the holder of such Debt (whether direct or indirect and
whether contingent or otherwise) is limited to such real property or
improvement and (b) such holder may not collect by levy of execution
otherwise against assets or property of the Borrower or such Subsidiary
other than such real property or improvement directly securing such Debt
if the Borrower or such Subsidiary fails to pay such Debt when due and
such holder obtains a judgment with respect thereto.

"Exposure" means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum
of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender's A Advances.

"Facility Fee" has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(a).

"Federal Funds Rate" means, for any period, a fluctuating interest
rate per annum equal for each day during such period to the weighted
average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members
of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers, as
published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the
next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or,
if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the
average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by
the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized
standing selected by it.

"GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States of America as in effect from time to time.

"Hazardous Materials" means (a) petroleum or petroleum products,
natural or synthetic gas, asbestos in any form that is or could become
friable, and radon gas, (b) any substances defined as or included in the
definition of "hazardous substances", "hazardous wastes", "hazardous
materials", "extremely hazardous wastes", "restricted hazardous wastes",
"toxic substances", "toxic pollutants", "contaminants" or "pollutants",
or words of similar meaning and regulatory effect, under any
Environmental Law and (c) any other substance exposure to which is
regulated under any Environmental Law.

"Insufficiency" means, with respect to any Plan at any time, the
amount, if any, of its unfunded benefit liabilities, as defined in
Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA.

"Insurance Regulatory Authority" means, for the Borrower or any
Insurance Subsidiary, the insurance department or similar administrative
authority or agency located in the state in which the Borrower or such
Insurance Subsidiary is domiciled.

"Insurance Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary of the Borrower that is
licensed to do a life insurance business and/or a property and casualty
insurance business.

"Interest Period" means, with respect to any Eurodollar Rate
Advance, the period beginning on the date such Eurodollar Rate Advance is
made or Continued, or Converted



364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   15


from a Base Rate Advance, and ending on the last day of the period
selected by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions below. The duration
of each Interest Period shall be one, two, three, six, or with the
consent of all of the Lenders, nine or twelve months, as the Borrower
may, upon notice received by the Administrative Agent not later than
11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the
first day of such Interest Period, select; provided that:

(i)    the Borrower may not select any Interest Period that
ends after the Commitment Termination Date;

(ii)   each Interest Period that begins on the last
Business Day of a calendar month (or on any day for which there is
no numerically corresponding day in the appropriate subsequent
calendar month) shall end on the last Business Day of the
appropriate subsequent calendar month; and

(iii)  whenever the last day of any Interest Period would
otherwise occur on a day other than a Business Day, the last day
of such Interest Period shall be extended to occur on the next
succeeding Business Day, provided that, if such extension would
cause the last day of such Interest Period to occur in the next
following calendar month, the last day of such Interest Period
shall occur on the next preceding Business Day.

"Lenders" means the Banks listed on the signature pages hereof and
each Person that shall become a party hereto pursuant to Sections
8.06(a), (b) and (c).

"LIBOR" means the rate at which deposits in U.S. dollars are
offered to leading banks in the London interbank market.

"Lien" means any lien, security interest or other charge or
encumbrance of any kind, or any other type of preferential arrangement,
including, without limitation, the lien or retained security title of a
conditional vendor.

"Majority Lenders" means, at any time, (a) Lenders having
Exposures and unused Commitments representing more than 50% of the sum of
the total Exposures and unused Commitments at such time; provided that,
for all purposes after the Commitments expire or terminate, the
outstanding B Advances of the Lenders shall be included in their
respective Exposures in determining the Majority Lenders.

"Margin Stock" means margin stock within the meaning of
Regulation U.

"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i)
the business, condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations
or prospects of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or
(ii) the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement.



364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   16


"MONY Life" means MONY Life Insurance Company (formerly known as
The Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York), a New York insurance
company.

"Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc. and its
successors.

"Moody's Rating" means, at any time, the rating of the Borrower's
unsecured, unguaranteed senior long-term debt obligations then
outstanding most recently announced by Moody's.

"Multiple Employer Plan" of any Person means a single employer
plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained
for employees of such Person or any of its ERISA Affiliates and at least
one Person other than such Person and its ERISA Affiliates or (b) was so
maintained and in respect of which such Person or any of its ERISA
Affiliates has or would have liability under Section 4064 or 4069 of
ERISA in the event such plan has been or were to be terminated.

"NAIC" means the National Association of Insurance Commissioners
and any successor thereto.

"Net Worth" means, at any time, the sum of the following for the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries (determined on a Consolidated basis without
duplication in accordance with GAAP) as at the last day of the fiscal
quarter of the Borrower ending on or most recently ended prior to such
date:

(a)    the amount of capital stock (including, without limitation,
any convertible preferred stock), plus

(b)    the amount of retained earnings and accumulated other
comprehensive income (or, in the case of a earnings deficit, minus the
amount of such deficit).

"Notice of A Borrowing" has the meaning specified in Section
2.02(a).

"Notice of B Borrowing" has the meaning specified in Section
2.03(a).

"OECD" means the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development.

"PBGC" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any
successor.

"Person" means an individual, partnership, corporation (including
a business trust), limited liability company, joint stock company, trust,
unincorporated association, joint venture or other entity, or a
government or any political subdivision or agency thereof.



364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   17

"Plan" means an employee benefit or other plan established or
maintained by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate and that is covered by
Title IV of ERISA or a Multiple Employer Plan.

"Rating Level Change" means a change in the Moody's Rating or the
Standard & Poor's Rating (other than as a result of a change in the
rating system of such rating agency) that results in the change from one
Rating Level Period to another, which Rating Level Change shall be
effective on the date on which the relevant change in such rating is
first announced by Moody's or Standard & Poor's, as the case may be.

"Rating Level Period" means a Rating Level 1 Period, a Rating
Level 2 Period, a Rating Level 3 Period, a Rating Level 4 Period or a
Rating Level 5 Period; provided that:

(i)    "Rating Level 1 Period" means a period during which
the Moody's Rating is at or above A1 or the Standard & Poor's
Rating is at or above A+;

(ii)   "Rating Level 2 Period" means a period that is not a
Rating Level 1 Period during which the Moody's Rating is at or
above A2 or the Standards & Poor's Rating is at or above A;

(iii)  "Rating Level 3 Period" means a period that is not a
Rating Level 1 Period or a Rating Level 2 Period during which
Moody's Rating is at or above A3 or the Standard & Poor's Rating
is at or above A-;

(iv)   "Rating Level 4 Period" means a period that is not a
Rating Level 1 Period, a Rating Level 2 Period or a Rating Level 3
Period during which the Moody's Rating is at or above Baa1 or the
Standard & Poor's Rating is at or above BBB+; and

(v)    "Rating Level 5 Period" means each period other than
a Rating Level 1 Period, a Rating Level 2 Period, a Rating level 3
Period or a Rating Level 4 Period, and shall include each period
during which neither the Moody's Rating nor the Standard & Poor's
Rating shall be in effect;

and provided further that if the Moody's Rating and the Standard & Poor's
Rating differ by more than one rating level, then the Rating Level Period
shall be one Rating Level Period higher than the Rating Level Period
resulting from the application of the lower of such ratings (for which
purpose Rating Level Period 1 is the highest Rating Level Period and
Rating Level 5 is the lowest Rating Level Period).

"Reference Banks" means Citibank, Fleet National Bank and Bank
One, N.A.

"Reinsurance Agreement" shall mean any agreement, contract, treaty
or other arrangement whereby other insurers assume insurance from the
Borrower or any Insurance Subsidiary.



364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   18


"Register" has the meaning specified in Section 8.06(d).

"Regulations T, U and X" means Regulations T, U and X issued by
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as from time to
time amended.

"Repurchase Agreements" means reverse repurchase arrangements with
respect to securities and financial instruments.

"Responsible Officer" of the Borrower means the Chief Financial
Officer, the Treasurer, any Executive Vice President, any Senior Vice
President, any Vice President and any Director of the Borrower.

"SAP" means the accounting procedures and practices prescribed or
permitted by the applicable Insurance Regulatory Authority.

"Securitization Transaction" means any transaction in which the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries sells or otherwise transfers an
interest in accounts receivable (a) to one or more third party purchasers
or (b) to a special purpose entity that borrows against such accounts
receivable or sells such accounts receivable to one or more third party
purchasers.

"Senior Notes" means the 8.35% senior notes due 2010 issued by the
Borrower on March 8, 2000 pursuant to the Shelf Registration.

"Shelf Registration" means the registration statement on Form S-3
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 12, 2000
providing for the issuance from time to time by the Borrower of up to
$1,000,000,000 of the securities referred to therein.

"Standard & Poor's" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Service,
presently a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and its
successors.

"Standard & Poor's Rating" means, at any time, the rating of the
Borrower's unsecured, unguaranteed senior long-term debt obligations then
outstanding most recently announced by Standard & Poor's.

"Statutory Statement" means, as to MONY Life or any Insurance
Subsidiary, a statement of the condition and affairs of MONY Life or such
Insurance Subsidiary, prepared in accordance with SAP, and filed with the
applicable Insurance Regulatory Authority.

"Statutory Surplus" means, for MONY Life, on any date of
determination thereof, the aggregate amount of surplus as regards
policyholders of the Borrower (determined in accordance with SAP) as at
the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ending on or most
recently ended prior to such date.



364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   19


"Statutory Tangible Net Worth" means, for MONY Life, on any date
of determination thereof, the sum of (a) Statutory Surplus and (b) Asset
Valuation Reserve on such date.

"Subsidiary" means, with respect to any Person, any corporation,
partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which at least
a majority of the securities or other ownership interests having by the
terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of
directors or other persons performing similar functions of such
corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity
(irrespective of whether or not at the time securities or other ownership
interests of any other class or classes of such corporation, partnership,
limited liability company or other entity shall have or might have voting
power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time
directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person or one or more
Subsidiaries of such Person or by such Person and one or more
Subsidiaries of such Person.

"Surplus Notes" means the 8.65% surplus notes due 2012 and the
8.65% surplus notes due 2024 issued on March 8, 2000 by MONY Life to the
Borrower and the 11.25% surplus notes due 2024 issued by MONY Life
pursuant to the Surplus Notes Indenture.

"Surplus Notes Indenture" means the Purchase Agreement dated as of
August 8, 1994 providing for the issuance of MONY Life's 11.25% surplus
notes due 2024.

"Telerate Page 3750" means the display designated as page "3750"
on the Telerate Service of Bridge Information Services (or such other
page as may replace page "3750" on that service or such other service as
may be nominated by the British Bankers' Association as the information
vendor for the purpose of displaying British Bankers' Association
Interest Settlement Rates for U.S. dollar deposits).

"Total Capitalization" means, at any time, the sum of (a) Total
Debt and (b) Net Worth on such date.

"Total Debt" means, at any time, an amount equal to the aggregate
outstanding principal amount of Debt (including, without limitation, the
Surplus Notes, the Senior Notes, any trust preferred securities issued by
the Borrower pursuant to the Shelf Prospectus and any additional
securities issued by the Borrower pursuant to the Shelf Registration to
the extent representing Debt thereof) of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries (determined on a Consolidated basis without duplication in
accordance with GAAP) as at the last day of the fiscal quarter of the
Borrower ending on or most recently ended prior to such date.

"Type" refers to whether an A Advance is a Base Rate Advance or a
Eurodollar Rate Advance.

"Utilization Fee" has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(b).


364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   20


"Voting Stock" means, for any Person at any time, the outstanding
securities of such Person entitled to vote generally in an election of
directors of such Person.

"Wholly Owned Subsidiary" means, with respect to any Person, any
corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of
which all of the equity securities or other ownership interests (other
than, in the case of a corporation, directors' qualifying shares) are
directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person or one or more
Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person or by such Person and one or
more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person.

"Withdrawal Liability" has the meaning specified in Part 1 of
Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.

SECTION 1.02. Computation of Time Periods. In this Agreement in
the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified
date, the word "from" means "from and including" and the words "to" and "until"
mean "to but excluding".

SECTION 1.03. Accounting Terms. All accounting terms not
specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles or statutory accounting principals, as the case
may be, consistent with those applied in the preparation of the financial
statements referred to in Section 4.01(e).

ARTICLE 2
AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE ADVANCES

SECTION 2.01. The A Advances.

(a)    Each Lender severally agrees, on the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth, to make A Advances to the Borrower from time to time on
any Business Day during the period from the Effective Date until the Commitment
Termination Date in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding
the amount set opposite such Lender's name on Schedule I hereto or, if such
Lender has entered into an Assignment and Acceptance, set forth for such Lender
in the Register, as such amount may be reduced pursuant to Section 2.05(a) or
increased pursuant to Section 2.05(c) (such Lender's "Commitment"), provided
that the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Lenders shall be deemed used
from time to time to the extent of the aggregate amount of the B Advances then
outstanding and such deemed use of the aggregate amount of the Commitments shall
be allocated among the respective Commitments of the Lenders ratably according
to such Commitments (such deemed use of the aggregate amount of the Commitments
being a "B Reduction").

(b)    Each A Borrowing and each Conversion or Continuation
thereof (i) shall (except as otherwise provided in Sections 2.09(f) and (g)) be
in an aggregate amount not less than $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of
$1,000,000 in excess thereof and (ii) shall consist of A Advances of the same
Type (and, if such Advances are Eurodollar Rate Advances, having the same
Interest Period) made, Continued or Converted on the same day by the Lenders
ratably



364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   21

according to their respective Commitments. Within the limits of each Lender's
Commitment, the Borrower may from time to time borrow, prepay pursuant to
Section 2.11(b) and reborrow under this Section 2.01.

SECTION 2.02. Making the A Advances.

(a) (i) Each A Borrowing shall be made on notice, given not later
than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to
the date of such A Borrowing (in the case of an A Borrowing consisting of
Eurodollar Rate Advances) or given not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York
City time) on the Business Day of such A Borrowing (in the case of an A
Borrowing consisting of Base Rate Advances), by the Borrower to the
Administrative Agent, which shall give to each Lender prompt notice
thereof.

(ii)   Each such notice of an A Borrowing (a "Notice of A
Borrowing") shall be in writing in substantially the form of Exhibit A-1
hereto, specifying therein the requested (i) date of such A Borrowing,
(ii) Type of A Advances comprising such A Borrowing, (iii) aggregate
amount of such A Borrowing, and (iv) in the case of an A Borrowing
consisting of Eurodollar Rate Advances, initial Interest Period for each
such A Advance.

(iii)  Each Lender shall, before 1:00 P.M. (New York City time) on
the date of such A Borrowing, make available for the account of its
Applicable Lending Office to the Administrative Agent at its address
referred to in Section 8.02, in same day funds, such Lender's ratable
portion of such A Borrowing; provided that, with respect to an A
Borrowing of a Eurodollar Rate Advance, no Lender having a Commitment
Termination Date prior to the last day of the initial Interest Period for
such Eurodollar Rate Advance shall participate in such Borrowing.

(iv)   After the Administrative Agent's receipt of such funds and
upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article 3, the
Administrative Agent will make such funds available to the Borrower at
the Administrative Agent's aforesaid address.

(b)    Anything in subsection (a) above to the contrary
notwithstanding, the Borrower may select Eurodollar Rate Advances for any A
Borrowing only in an aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of
$1,000,000 in excess thereof.

(c)    Each Notice of A Borrowing shall be irrevocable and binding
on the Borrower. In the case of any A Borrowing which the related Notice of A
Borrowing specifies is to be comprised of Eurodollar Rate Advances, the Borrower
shall indemnify each Lender against any loss, cost or expense reasonably
incurred by such Lender as a result of any failure to make such A Borrowing
(including, without limitation, as a result of any failure to fulfill, on or
before the date specified in such Notice of A Borrowing, the applicable
conditions set forth in Article 3) and the liquidation or reemployment of
deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender to fund



364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   22


the A Advance to be made by such Lender as part of such A Borrowing. A
certificate as to the amount of such losses, costs and expenses, submitted to
the Borrower and the Administrative Agent by such Lender, shall be conclusive
and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

(d)    Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice
from a Lender prior to the date of any A Borrowing that such Lender will not
make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender's ratable portion of such
A Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such
portion available to the Administrative Agent on the date of such A Borrowing in
accordance with subsection (a) of this Section 2.02 and the Administrative Agent
may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower on such
date a corresponding amount. If and to the extent that such Lender shall not
have so made such ratable portion available to the Administrative Agent, such
Lender and the Borrower severally agree to repay to the Administrative Agent
forthwith on demand (but without duplication) such corresponding amount together
with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available
to the Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative
Agent, at (i) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable at the
time to A Advances comprising such A Borrowing and (ii) in the case of such
Lender, the Federal Funds Rate. If such Lender shall repay to the Administrative
Agent such corresponding amount, such amount so repaid shall constitute such
Lender's A Advance as part of such A Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement
(and such A Advance shall be deemed to have been made by such Lender on the date
on which such amount is so repaid to the Administrative Agent).

(e)    The failure of any Lender to make the A Advance to be made
by it as part of any A Borrowing shall not relieve the other Lenders of their
obligations hereunder to make an A Advance on the date of such A Borrowing, and
no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make the A
Advance to be made by such other Lender on the date of any A Borrowing.

(f)    Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
no Lender whose Commitment Termination Date falls prior to the last day of any
Interest Period for any Eurodollar Rate Advance (a "Relevant Lender") shall
participate in such Advance. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
no Relevant Lender shall (i) participate in a Borrowing of any Eurodollar Rate
Advance having an initial Interest Period ending after such Lender's Commitment
Termination Date, (ii) have any outstanding Eurodollar Rate Advance Continued
for a subsequent Interest Period if such subsequent Interest Period would end
after such Lender's Commitment Termination Date or (iii) have any outstanding
Base Rate Advance Converted into a Eurodollar Rate Advance if such Eurodollar
Rate Advance would have an initial Interest Period ending after such Lender's
Commitment Termination Date. If any Relevant Lender has outstanding a Eurodollar
Rate Advance that cannot be Continued for a subsequent Interest Period pursuant
to clause (ii) above or has outstanding a Base Rate Advance that cannot be
Converted into a Eurodollar Rate Advance pursuant to clause (iii) above, such
Lender's ratable share of such Eurodollar Rate Advance (in the case of said
clause (ii)) shall be repaid by the Borrower on the last day of its then current
Interest Period and such Lender's ratable share of such Base Rate



364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   23



Advance (in the case of said clause (iii)) shall be repaid by the Borrower on
the day on which the Advances of Lenders unaffected by said clause (iii) are so
Converted.

SECTION 2.03. The B Advances.

(a)    Each Lender severally agrees that the Borrower may
request B Borrowings under this Section 2.03 from time to time on any Business
Day during the period from the Effective Date until the date occurring 30 days
prior to the Commitment Termination Date in the manner set forth below; provided
that, following the making of each B Borrowing, the aggregate amount of the
Advances then outstanding shall not exceed the lesser of (i) the aggregate
amount of the Commitments of the Lenders (computed without regard to any B
Reduction) and (ii) the aggregate amount of the Commitments (computed without
regard to any B Reduction) scheduled to be in effect on the scheduled maturity
date of the B Advances to be made as part of such Borrowing. The following
procedures shall apply:

(i)    The Borrower may request a B Borrowing under this Section
2.03 by delivering to the Administrative Agent a notice of a B Borrowing
(a "Notice of B Borrowing") in writing in substantially the form of
Exhibit A-2 hereto, specifying the date and aggregate amount of the
proposed B Borrowing, the maturity date for repayment of the B Advances
to be made as part of such B Borrowing (which maturity date may not be
earlier than the date occurring 30 days after the date of such B
Borrowing or later than the Commitment Termination Date), the interest
payment date or dates relating thereto, and any other terms to be
applicable to such B Borrowing, not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City
time):

(a)    at least one Business Day prior to the date of the
proposed B Borrowing, if the Borrower shall specify in the Notice
of B Borrowing that the rates of interest to be offered by the
Lenders shall be fixed rates per annum (any such Borrowing being
herein referred to as a "Fixed Rate B Borrowing"); and

(b)    at least four Business Days prior to the date of the
proposed B Borrowing, if the Borrower shall instead specify in the
Notice of B Borrowing the basis to be used by the Lenders in
determining the rates of interest to be offered by them (any such
Borrowing being herein referred to as a "Specified Basis B
Borrowing").

Simultaneously with each such request, the Borrower shall pay to the
Administrative Agent, for the Administrative Agent's account, a
non-refundable fee in the amount heretofore agreed between the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent. Promptly following the Administrative
Agent's receipt of such request and the fee referred to in the preceding
sentence, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of such
request for a B Borrowing received by it from the Borrower by sending
such Lender a copy of the related Notice of B Borrowing.



364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   24



(ii)   Each Lender may, if, in its sole discretion, it elects to
do so, irrevocably offer to make one or more B Advances to the Borrower
as part of such proposed B Borrowing at a rate or rates of interest
specified by such Lender in its sole discretion, by notifying the
Administrative Agent (which shall give prompt notice thereof to the
Borrower), before 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) (A) on the date of such
proposed B Borrowing (in the case of a Fixed Rate B Borrowing) and (B)
three Business Days before the date of such proposed B Borrowing (in the
case of a Specified Basis B Borrowing), of the minimum amount and maximum
amount of each B Advance which such Lender would be willing to make as
part of such proposed B Borrowing (which amounts may, subject to the
proviso to the first sentence of this Section 2.03(a), exceed such
Lender's Commitment, if any), the rate or rates of interest therefor and
such Lender's Applicable Lending Office with respect to such B Advance;
provided that if the Administrative Agent in its capacity as a Lender
shall, in its sole discretion, elect to make any such offer, it shall
notify the Borrower of such offer before 10:30 A.M. (New York City time)
on the date on which notice of such election is to be given to the
Administrative Agent by the other Lenders. If any Lender shall elect not
to make such an offer, such Lender shall so notify the Administrative
Agent, before 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the date on which notice
of such election is to be given to the Administrative Agent by the other
Lenders, and such Lender shall not be obligated to, and shall not, make
any B Advance as part of such B Borrowing; provided that the failure by
any Lender to give such notice shall not cause such Lender to be
obligated to make any B Advance as part of such proposed B Borrowing.

(iii)  The Borrower shall, in turn, (A) before 12:00 noon (New
York City time) on the date of such proposed B Borrowing (in the case of
a Fixed Rate B Borrowing) and (B) before 2:00 P.M. (New York City time)
three Business Days before the date of such proposed B Borrowing (in the
case of a Specified Basis B Borrowing), either:

(x)    cancel such B Borrowing by giving the Administrative
Agent notice to that effect, or

(y)    in its sole discretion, (1) accept one or more of
the offers made by any Lender or Lenders pursuant to paragraph
(ii) above by giving notice to the Administrative Agent of the
amount of each B Advance to be made by each Lender as part of such
B Borrowing (provided that (I) the amount of each such B Advance
shall be equal to or greater than the minimum amount, and equal to
or less than the maximum amount, notified to the Borrower by the
Administrative Agent on behalf of such Lender for such B Advance
pursuant to paragraph (ii) above and (II) such offers, if
accepted, must be accepted in ascending order of the rates of
interest specified by the offering Lenders in their respective
notices delivered pursuant to paragraph (ii) above (in each case
beginning with the lowest rate so offered) and, if offers are made
by two or more Lenders with the same rates of interest for a
greater aggregate principal amount than the amount in respect of
which offers are accepted, then the principal amount of B Advances
in



364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   25


respect of which such offers are accepted shall be allocated by
the Borrower among such Lenders as nearly as possible (in integral
multiples of $1,000,000) in proportion to the aggregate maximum
principal amount of such offers by such Lenders), and (2) reject
any remaining offers made by Lenders pursuant to paragraph (ii)
above by giving the Administrative Agent notice to that effect.

(iv)   If the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that such
B Borrowing is canceled pursuant to paragraph (iii)(x) above, the
Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice thereof to the Lenders and
such B Borrowing shall not be made.

(v)    If the Borrower accepts one or more of the offers made by
any Lender or Lenders pursuant to paragraph (iii)(y) above, the
Administrative Agent shall in turn promptly notify (A) each Lender that
has made an offer as described in paragraph (ii) above, of the date and
aggregate amount of such B Borrowing and whether or not any offer or
offers made by such Lender pursuant to paragraph (ii) above have been
accepted by the Borrower, (B) each Lender that is to make a B Advance as
part of such B Borrowing, of the amount of each B Advance to be made by
such Lender as part of such B Borrowing, and (C) each Lender that is to
make a B Advance as part of such B Borrowing, upon receipt, that the
Administrative Agent has received forms of documents appearing to fulfill
the applicable conditions set forth in Article 3. Each Lender that is to
make a B Advance as part of such B Borrowing shall, before 1:00 P.M. (New
York City time) on the date of such B Borrowing specified in the notice
received from the Administrative Agent pursuant to clause (A) of the
preceding sentence or any later time when such Lender shall have received
notice from the Administrative Agent pursuant to clause (C) of the
preceding sentence, make available for the account of its Applicable
Lending Office to the Administrative Agent at its address referred to in
Section 8.02 such Lender's portion of such B Borrowing, in same day
funds. Upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article
3 and after receipt by the Administrative Agent of such funds, the
Administrative Agent will make such funds available to the Borrower at
the Administrative Agent's aforesaid address. Promptly after each B
Borrowing the Administrative Agent will notify each Lender of the amount
of the B Borrowing, the consequent B Reduction and the dates upon which
such B Reduction commenced and will terminate.

(b)    Each B Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount not less
than $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, but no
B Borrowing shall be made if, following the making of such B Borrowing, the
Borrower would not be in compliance with the limitation set forth in the proviso
to the first sentence of subsection (a) above.

(c)    Within the limits and on the conditions set forth in this
Section 2.03, the Borrower may from time to time borrow under this Section 2.03,
repay pursuant to subsection (d) below, and reborrow under this Section 2.03,
provided that a B Borrowing shall not be made within three Business Days of the
date of any other B Borrowing.


364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   26


(d)    The Borrower shall repay to the Administrative Agent for
the account of each Lender which has made a B Advance on the maturity date of
each B Advance (such maturity date being that specified by the Borrower for
repayment of such B Advance in the related Notice of B Borrowing delivered
pursuant to subsection (a)(i) above), the then unpaid principal amount of such B
Advance. The Borrower shall have no right to prepay any principal amount of any
B Advance without the prior written consent of the Lender holding such B Advance
and, if a B Advance is prepaid, the Borrower shall reimburse the Lender holding
such B Advance in respect thereof pursuant to Section 8.04(c).

(e)    The Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal
amount of each B Advance from the date of such B Advance to the date the
principal amount of such B Advance is repaid in full, at the rate of interest
for such B Advance specified by the Lender making such B Advance in its notice
with respect thereto delivered pursuant to subsection (a)(ii) above, payable on
the interest payment date or dates specified by the Borrower for such B Advance
in the related Notice of B Borrowing delivered pursuant to subsection (a)(i)
above.

(f)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section
2.03, no Lender whose Commitment Termination Date occurs prior to the maturity
date for any B Advance requested in a Notice of B Borrowing shall be entitled to
receive or to make a quote pursuant to such Notice of B Borrowing or otherwise
to participate in such B Borrowing.

SECTION 2.04. Certain Fees.

(a)    Facility Fee. The Borrower agrees to pay to the
Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a facility fee (the
"Facility Fee") on the average daily amount (whether used or unused) of such
Lender's Commitment (without regard to any B Reduction) from the date hereof (in
the case of each Bank) and from the effective date specified in the Assignment
and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender (in the case of each such
Lender) until the Commitment Termination Date of such Lender at a rate per annum
equal to the Applicable Facility Fee Rate. The Facility Fee shall be payable
quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and
December and, for each Lender, on the Commitment Termination Date of such
Lender.

(b)    Utilization Fee. For each day on which the aggregate
principal amount of Advances outstanding exceeds 50% of the aggregate
Commitments (computed without regard to any B Reduction), the Borrower agrees to
pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a utilization fee
(the "Utilization Fee") on the aggregate principal amount of the Advances of
such Lender outstanding on such day at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable
Utilization Fee Rate. The Utilization Fee will be payable in respect of each
Advance on each date on which interest is payable on such Advance, as specified
in Section 2.03(e) and Section 2.07 hereof.

(c)    Administrative Agent's Fee.  The Borrower agrees to pay to
the Administrative Agent, for the Administrative Agent's own account, an
administrative agency fee


364-Day Credit Agreement



<PAGE>   27


at the times and in the amounts heretofore agreed between the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent.

SECTION 2.05. Reduction, Extensions and Increase of the
Commitments.

(a)    Commitment Reductions.

(i)    The Commitment of each Lender shall be automatically
reduced to zero on the Commitment Termination Date of such Lender.

(ii)   In addition, the Borrower shall have the right, upon at
least three Business Days' notice to the Administrative Agent, to terminate in
whole or reduce ratably in part the unused portions of the respective
Commitments of the Lenders; provided that the aggregate amount of the
Commitments of the Lenders shall not be reduced to an amount which is less than
the aggregate principal amount of the Advances then outstanding; and provided
further that each partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of
$10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof. Once
reduced or terminated, the Commitments may not be reinstated.

(b)    Commitment Extensions.

(i)    The Borrower may, by notice to the Administrative Agent
(which shall promptly notify the Lenders) not more than 45 days and not less
than 30 days prior to the Commitment Termination Date then in effect hereunder
(the "Existing Commitment Termination Date"), request that each Lender extend
such Lender's Commitment Termination Date for an additional 364 days from the
Existing Commitment Termination Date.

(ii)   Each Lender, acting in its sole and individual discretion,
shall, by notice to the Administrative Agent given not more than 30 days
immediately prior to the Existing Commitment Termination Date but in any event
no later than the date (the "Notice Date") 20 days prior to the Existing
Commitment Termination Date, advise the Administrative Agent whether or not such
Lender agrees to such extension (and each Lender that determines not to so
extend its Commitment Termination Date (a "Non-Extending Lender") shall notify
the Administrative Agent (which shall notify the other Lenders) of such fact
promptly after such determination (but in any event no later than the Notice
Date) and any Lender that does not so advise the Administrative Agent on or
before the Notice Date shall be deemed to be a Non-Extending Lender. The
election of any Lender to agree to such extension shall not obligate any other
Lender to so agree.

(iii)  The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of each
Lender's determination under this Section 2.05(b) no later than the date 15 days
prior to the Existing Commitment Termination Date (or, if such date is not a
Business Day, on the next preceding Business Day).


364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   28


(iv)   The Borrower shall have the right on or before the Existing
Commitment Termination Date to replace each Non-Extending Lender with, and add
as "Lenders" under this Agreement in place thereof, one or more Eligible
Assignees (each, an "Additional Commitment Lender") with the approval of the
Administrative Agent (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld), each
of which Additional Commitment Lenders shall have entered into an agreement in
form and substance satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent
pursuant to which such Additional Commitment Lender shall, effective as of the
Existing Commitment Termination Date, undertake a Commitment (and, if any such
Additional Commitment Lender is already a Lender, its Commitment shall be in
addition to such Lender's Commitment hereunder on such date); provided that
prior to replacing any Non-Extending Lender with any Additional Commitment
Lender, the Borrower shall have given each Lender which has agreed to extend its
Commitment Termination Date an opportunity to increase its Commitment by all or
a portion of the Non-Extending Lenders' Commitments.

(v)    If (and only if) the total of the Commitments of the
Lenders that have agreed so to extend their Commitment Termination Date and the
additional Commitments of the Additional Commitment Lenders shall be more than
50% of the aggregate amount of the Commitments in effect immediately prior to
the Existing Commitment Termination Date, then, effective as of the Existing
Commitment Termination Date, the Commitment Termination Date of each Extending
Lender and of each Additional Commitment Lender shall be extended to the date
falling 364 days after the Existing Commitment Termination Date (except that, if
such date is not a Business Day, such Commitment Termination Date as so extended
shall be the next preceding Business Day) and each Additional Commitment Lender
shall thereupon become a "Lender" for all purposes of this Agreement.

(vi)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, the extension of the
Commitment Termination Date pursuant to this Section 2.05(b) shall be effective
with respect to any Lender only if:

(x)    no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing on the date of the notice requesting such extension or on the
Existing Commitment Termination Date and the representations and
warranties set forth in Section 4.01 shall be true and correct on and as
of each of said dates as if made on and as of said dates; and

(y)    the Borrower shall have paid in full all amounts owing to
each Non-Extending Lender hereunder on or before the Commitment
Termination Date of such Lender.

(c)    Increase in Commitments. The Borrower shall have the right
at any time, but in no event more than once in any consecutive twelve month
period, to increase the aggregate Commitments in integral multiples of
$10,000,000 but not to exceed $100,000,000 in the aggregate by adding to this
Agreement one or more other Eligible Assignees (which may include any Lender
(with the consent of such Lender)) (each such Eligible Assignee, an "Additional
Lender"), with the approval of the Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably


364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   29



withheld), each of which Additional Lenders shall have entered into an agreement
in form and substance satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent
pursuant to which such Additional Lender shall undertake a Commitment (if any
such Additional Lender is a Lender, its Commitment shall be in addition to such
Lender's Commitment hereunder) which such Commitment shall be in an amount at
least equal to (i) for each Additional Lender that is not a Lender, $10,000,000
or a larger integral multiple of $1,000,000 and (ii) for each Additional Lender
that is a Lender, an amount equal to the product of (A) such Lender's proposed
total increase in its Commitment and (B) such increase over the aggregate
proposed increases of all the Lenders' Commitments (but in no event shall such
Lender's Commitment be increased in an amount greater than its proposal), and
upon the effectiveness of such agreement (the date of the effectiveness of any
such agreement being hereinafter referred to as the "Increased Commitment Date")
such Additional Lender shall thereupon become a "Lender" for all purposes of
this Agreement.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the increase in the aggregate Commitments
hereunder pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) shall be effective only if:

(i)    the Borrower shall have given the Administrative Agent
notice of any such increase at least three Business Days prior to any
such Increased Commitment Date;

(ii)   no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing as of the date of the notice referred to in the foregoing
clause (i) or on the Increased Commitment Date;

(iii)  no Advances shall be outstanding hereunder and no Notice of
A Borrowing or Notice of B Borrowing shall have been given, in each case,
on and as of any such Increased Commitment Date;

(iv)   there shall have been no reduction of the Commitments
pursuant to Section 2.05(a) hereof on or prior to any such Increased
Commitment Date; and

(v)    on the date of the notice referred to in clause (i) above
and on the Increased Commitment Date, the Moody's Rating is at or above
Baa1 and the Standard & Poor's Rating is at or above BBB+.

SECTION 2.06. Repayment.

(a)    A Advances. The Borrower shall repay the then unpaid
principal amount of each A Advance made by each Lender, and each A Advance made
by such Lender shall mature, on the Commitment Termination Date of such Lender.

(b)    B Advances. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount
of each B Advance made by each Lender as provided in Section 2.03(d).



364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   30



SECTION 2.07. Interest.

(a)    Ordinary Interest. The Borrower shall pay interest on the
unpaid principal amount of each A Advance made by each Lender, from the date of
such A Advance until such principal amount shall be paid in full, at the
following rates per annum:

(i)    Base Rate Advances. While such A Advance is a Base Rate
Advance, a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate in effect from time to
time plus the Applicable Margin for Base Rate Advances as in effect from
time to time, payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of
each March, June, September and December and on the date such Base Rate
Advance shall be Converted or paid in full.

(ii)   Eurodollar Rate Advances. While such A Advance is a
Eurodollar Rate Advance, a rate per annum for each Interest Period for
such A Advance equal to the sum of the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest
Period plus the Applicable Margin for Eurodollar Rate Advances as in
effect from time to time, payable on the last day of such Interest Period
and, if such Interest Period has a duration of more than three months, on
each day which occurs at three-month intervals after the first day of
such Interest Period, and on each date on which such Eurodollar Rate
Advance shall be Continued, Converted or paid in full.

(b)    Default Interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Borrower shall pay
interest on:

(i)    the unpaid principal amount of each A Advance owing to each
Lender, payable on demand (and in any event in arrears on the dates
referred to in Section 2.07(a)(i) or (a)(ii) above), at a rate per annum
equal at all times to two percent (2%) per annum above the rate per annum
required to be paid on such A Advance pursuant to said Section 2.07(a)(i)
or (a)(ii), as applicable; provided that if such Event of Default shall
be continuing at the end of any Interest Period for any Eurodollar Rate
Advance, such Advance shall forthwith be Converted to a Base Rate Advance
bearing interest as aforesaid in this Section 2.07(b)(i);

(ii)   the unpaid principal amount of each B Advance owing to each
Lender, payable on demand (and in any event in arrears on the date or
dates interest is payable on such B Advance), at a rate per annum equal
at all times to two percent (2%) per annum above the rate per annum
required to be paid on such B Advance in the offer made by such Lender
pursuant to Section 2.03(a)(ii) and accepted by the Borrower under
Section 2.03(a)(iii); and

(iii)  the amount of any interest, fee or other amount payable
hereunder that is not paid when due, from the date such amount shall be
due until such amount shall be paid in full, payable on demand (and in
any event in arrears on the date such amount shall be paid in full), at a
rate per annum equal at all times to two percent (2%) per annum


364-Day Credit Agreement



<PAGE>   31


above the rate per annum required to be paid on Base Rate Advances
pursuant to Section 2.07(a)(i) above.

SECTION 2.08. Additional Interest on Eurodollar Rate Advances. The
Borrower shall pay to each Lender additional interest on the unpaid principal
amount of each Eurodollar Rate Advance of such Lender, from the date of such
Advance until such principal amount is paid in full, at an interest rate per
annum equal at all times to the remainder obtained by subtracting (i) the
Eurodollar Rate for each Interest Period for such Advance from (ii) the rate
obtained by dividing such Eurodollar Rate by a percentage equal to 100% minus
the Eurodollar Rate Reserve Percentage of such Lender for such Interest Period,
payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Advance. Such
additional interest shall be determined by such Lender and notified to the
Borrower through the Administrative Agent.

SECTION 2.09. Interest Rate Determinations; Changes in Rating
Systems.

(a)    Each Reference Bank agrees, upon the request of the
Administrative Agent, to furnish to the Administrative Agent timely information
for the purpose of determining each Eurodollar Rate. If any one or more of the
Reference Banks shall not furnish such timely information to the Administrative
Agent for the purpose of determining any such interest rate, the Administrative
Agent shall determine such interest rate on the basis of timely information
furnished by the remaining Reference Banks (subject to the provisions set forth
in the definition of "Eurodollar Rate" in Section 1.01 and to clause (c) below).

(b)    The Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the
Borrower and the Lenders of the applicable interest rates determined by the
Administrative Agent for the purposes of Section 2.07.

(c)    If (1) fewer than two Reference Banks furnish timely
information to the Administrative Agent for determining the Eurodollar Rate for
any Interest Period for any Eurodollar Rate Advances and (2) the relevant rates
do not appear on Telerate Page 3750,

(i)    the Administrative Agent shall forthwith notify the
Borrower and the Lenders that the interest rate cannot be determined for
such Eurodollar Rate Advances for such Interest Period,

(ii)   each Eurodollar Rate Advance will automatically, on the
last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a
Base Rate Advance, and

(iii)  the obligation of the Lenders to make or Continue, or to
Convert A Advances into, Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be suspended
until the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders
that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.



364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   32


(d)    If, with respect to any Eurodollar Rate Advances, the
Majority Lenders notify the Administrative Agent that the Eurodollar Rate for
any Interest Period for such Advances will not adequately reflect the cost to
such Majority Lenders of making, funding or maintaining their respective
Eurodollar Rate Advances for such Interest Period, the Administrative Agent
shall forthwith so notify the Borrower and the Lenders, whereupon:

(i)    each Eurodollar Rate Advance will automatically, on the
last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a
Base Rate Advance, and

(ii)   the obligation of the Lenders to make or Continue, or to
Convert A Advances into, Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be suspended
until the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and such Lenders
that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.

(e)    If the Borrower shall fail to select the duration of any
Interest Period for any Eurodollar Rate Advances in accordance with the
provisions contained in the definition of "Interest Period" in Section 1.01, the
Administrative Agent will forthwith so notify the Borrower and the Lenders and
such Advances will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest
Period therefor, Convert into Base Rate Advances.

(f)    On the date on which the aggregate unpaid principal amount
of Eurodollar Rate Advances comprising any A Borrowing shall be reduced, by
payment or prepayment or otherwise, to less than $10,000,000, such A Advances
shall automatically Convert into Base Rate Advances.

(g)    Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event
of Default, (x) each Eurodollar Rate Advance will automatically, on the last day
of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance
and (y) the obligation of the Lenders to make or Continue, or to Convert
Advances into, Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be suspended.

(h)    If the rating system of either Moody's or Standard & Poor's
shall change, or if either such rating agency shall cease to be in the business
of rating corporate debt obligations, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent
(on behalf of the Lenders) shall negotiate in good faith to amend the references
to specific ratings in this Agreement to reflect such changed rating system or
the non-availability of ratings from such rating agency (provided that any such
amendment to such specific ratings shall in no event be effective without the
approval of the Majority Lenders).

SECTION 2.10. Voluntary Conversion and Continuation of A Advances.

(a)    Optional Conversion. The Borrower may on any Business Day,
upon notice given to the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New
York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed
Conversion and subject to the provisions of Sections 2.09 and 2.13, Convert all
or any portion of the outstanding A Advances of one Type




364-Day Credit Agreement



<PAGE>   33



comprising part of the same A Borrowing into A Advances of the other Type;
provided that (i) any Conversion of Base Rate Advances into Eurodollar Rate
Advances shall be in an amount not less than the minimum amount specified in
Section 2.02(b) and (ii) in the case of any such Conversion of a Eurodollar Rate
Advance into a Base Rate Advance on a day other than the last day of an Interest
Period therefor, the Borrower shall reimburse the Lenders in respect thereof
pursuant to Section 8.04(c). Each such notice of a Conversion shall, within the
restrictions specified above, specify (x) the date of such Conversion, (y) the A
Advances to be Converted, and (z) if such Conversion is into Eurodollar Rate
Advances, the duration of the initial Interest Period for each such A Advance.
Each notice of Conversion shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower.

(b)    Continuations. The Borrower may, on any Business Day, upon
notice given to the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York
City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed
Continuation and subject to the provisions of Sections 2.09 and 2.13, Continue
all or any portion of the outstanding Eurodollar Rate Advances comprising part
of the same A Borrowing for one or more Interest Periods; provided that (i)
Eurodollar Rate Advances so Continued and having the same Interest Period shall
be in an amount not less than the minimum amount specified in Section 2.02(b)
and (ii) in the case of any such Continuation on a day other than the last day
of an Interest Period therefor, the Borrower shall reimburse the Lenders in
respect thereof pursuant to Section 8.04(c). Each such notice of a Continuation
shall, within the restrictions specified above, specify (x) the date of such
Continuation, (y) the Eurodollar Rate Advances to be Continued and (y) the
duration of the initial Interest Period (or Interest Periods) for the Eurodollar
Rate Advances subject to such Continuation. Each notice of Continuation shall be
irrevocable and binding on the Borrower.

SECTION 2.11. Prepayments of A Advances.

(a)    The Borrower shall have no right to prepay any principal
amount of any A Advances other than as provided in subsection (b) below.

(b)    The Borrower may, on notice given not later than 11:00 A.M.
(New York City time) on the second Business Day prior to the date of the
proposed prepayment of A Advances (in the case of an Eurodollar Rate Advances)
or given not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the Business Day of
the proposed prepayment of A Advances (in the case of Base Rate Advances),
stating the proposed date and aggregate principal amount of the prepayment, and
if such notice is given the Borrower shall, prepay the outstanding principal
amounts of the Advances comprising part of the same A Borrowing in whole or
ratably in part, together with accrued interest to the date of such prepayment
on the principal amount prepaid; provided, however, that (x) each partial
prepayment shall be in an aggregate principal amount not less than $5,000,000 or
integral multiples of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and (y) in the case of any
such prepayment of a Eurodollar Rate Advance on a day other than the last day of
an Interest Period therefor, the Borrower shall reimburse the Lenders in respect
thereof pursuant to Section 8.04(c).



364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   34


SECTION 2.12. Increased Costs.

(a)    If, due to either (i) the introduction of or any change
(other than any change by way of imposition or increase of reserve requirements
included in the Eurodollar Rate Reserve Percentage) in or in the interpretation
of any law or regulation or (ii) the compliance with any guideline or request
from any central bank or other governmental authority (whether or not having the
force of law), there shall be any increase in the cost to any Lender of agreeing
to make or making, funding or maintaining Eurodollar Rate Advances, then the
Borrower shall from time to time, upon demand by such Lender (with a copy of
such demand to the Administrative Agent), pay to the Administrative Agent for
the account of such Lender additional amounts sufficient to compensate such
Lender for such increased cost. A certificate as to the amount of such increased
cost, submitted to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent by such Lender,
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

(b)    If any Lender determines that compliance with any law or
regulation or any guideline or request from any central bank or other
governmental authority (whether or not having the force of law) affects or would
affect the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by such
Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender and that the amount of such
capital is increased by or based upon the existence of such Lender's commitment
to lend hereunder and other commitments of this type, then, upon demand by such
Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower
shall immediately pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such
Lender, from time to time as specified by such Lender, additional amounts
sufficient to compensate such Lender or such corporation in the light of such
circumstances, to the extent that such Lender reasonably determines such
increase in capital to be allocable to the existence of such Lender's commitment
to lend hereunder. A certificate as to such amounts submitted to the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent by such Lender shall be conclusive and binding for
all purposes, absent manifest error.

SECTION 2.13. Illegality. Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, if any Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent that the
introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law or
regulation makes it unlawful, or any central bank or other governmental
authority asserts that it is unlawful, for such Lender or its Eurodollar Lending
Office to perform its obligations hereunder to make or Continue Eurodollar Rate
Advances or to fund or otherwise maintain Eurodollar Rate Advances hereunder,
(i) the obligation of such Lender to make or Continue, or to Convert A Advances
into, Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent
shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances causing such
suspension no longer exist and (ii) each Eurodollar Rate Advance of such Lender
shall convert into a Base Rate Advance at the end of the then current Interest
Period for such Eurodollar Rate Advance.

SECTION 2.14. Payments and Computations.

(a)    The Borrower shall make each payment hereunder without
set-off or counterclaim not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the
day when due in U.S.



364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   35


dollars to the Administrative Agent at its address referred to in Section 8.02
in same day funds. The Administrative Agent will promptly thereafter cause to be
distributed like funds relating to the payment of principal, interest, Facility
Fee or Utilization Fee ratably (other than amounts payable pursuant to Section
2.02(c), 2.03, 2.12, 2.15 or 8.04(c)) to the Lenders for the account of their
respective Applicable Lending Offices, and like funds relating to the payment of
any other amount payable to any Lender to such Lender for the account of its
Applicable Lending Office, in each case to be applied in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement. Upon its acceptance of an Assignment and Acceptance and
recording of the information contained therein in the Register pursuant to
Section 8.06(d), from and after the effective date specified in such Assignment
and Acceptance, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments hereunder in
respect of the interest assigned thereby to the Lender assignee thereunder, and
the parties to such Assignment and Acceptance shall make all appropriate
adjustments in such payments for periods prior to such effective date directly
between themselves.

(b)    All computations of interest based on Citibank's base rate
shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of 365 or 366
days, as the case may be, for the actual number of days (including the first day
but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such interest is
payable. All computations of interest based on the Eurodollar Rate or the
Federal Funds Rate and of the Facility Fee and the Utilization Fee shall be made
by the Administrative Agent, and all computations of interest pursuant to
Section 2.08 shall be made by a Lender, on the basis of a year of 360 days, for
the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day)
occurring in the period for which such interest or fee is payable. Each
determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate hereunder shall be
conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

(c)    Whenever any payment hereunder would be due on a day other
than a Business Day, such due date shall be extended to the next succeeding
Business Day, and any such extension of such due date shall in such case be
included in the computation of payment of interest, Facility Fee or Utilization
Fee, as the case may be; provided however that if such extension would cause
payment of interest on or principal of Eurodollar Rate Advances to be made in
the next following calendar month, such payment shall be made on the next
preceding Business Day.

(d)    Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice
from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Lenders
hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment in full, the
Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment in full
to the Administrative Agent on such date and the Administrative Agent may, in
reliance upon such assumption, cause to be distributed to each Lender on such
due date an amount equal to the amount then due such Lender. If and to the
extent that the Borrower shall not have so made such payment in full to the
Administrative Agent, each Lender shall repay to the Administrative Agent
forthwith on demand such amount distributed to such Lender together with
interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is distributed to such
Lender until the date such Lender repays such amount to the Administrative
Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate.



364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   36


SECTION 2.15. Taxes.

(a)    Any and all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be
made, in accordance with Section 2.14, free and clear of and without deduction
for any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or
withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto, excluding, in the case
of each Lender and the Administrative Agent, taxes imposed on its income, and
franchise taxes imposed on it, by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such
Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) is organized or any
political subdivision thereof and, in the case of each Lender, taxes imposed on
its income, and franchise taxes imposed on it, by the jurisdiction of such
Lender's Applicable Lending Office or any political subdivision thereof (all
such non-excluded taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, withholdings and
liabilities being hereinafter referred to as "Taxes"). If the Borrower shall be
required by law to deduct any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable
hereunder to any Lender or the Administrative Agent, (i) the sum payable shall
be increased as may be necessary so that after making all required deductions
(including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section
2.15) such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) receives an
amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made,
(ii) the Borrower shall make such deductions and (iii) the Borrower shall pay
the full amount deducted to the relevant taxation authority or other authority
in accordance with applicable law.

(b)    In addition, the Borrower agrees to pay any present or
future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges
or similar levies which arise from any payment made hereunder or from the
execution, delivery or registration of, or otherwise with respect to, this
Agreement (hereinafter referred to as "Other Taxes").

(c)    The Borrower will indemnify each Lender and the
Administrative Agent for the full amount of Taxes or Other Taxes (including,
without limitation, any Taxes and Other Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on
amounts payable under this Section 2.15) paid by such Lender or the
Administrative Agent (as the case may be) and any liability (including
penalties, interest and expenses) arising therefrom or with respect thereto,
whether or not such Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally asserted.
This indemnification shall be made within 30 days from the date such Lender or
the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) makes written demand therefor. A
certificate as to the amount of such Taxes and Other Taxes, submitted to the
Borrower and the Administrative Agent by such Lender, shall be conclusive and
binding (as between the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent) for
all purposes, absent manifest error.

(d)    Within 30 days after the date of any payment of Taxes, the
Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent, at its address referred to in
Section 8.02, the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment
thereof or other proof of payment of such Taxes reasonably satisfactory to the
relevant Lender(s). If no Taxes are payable in respect of any payment hereunder,
upon the request of the Administrative Agent the Borrower will furnish to the
Administrative Agent, at such address, a statement to such effect with respect
to each jurisdiction designated by the Administrative Agent.



364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   37


(e)    Each Lender organized under the laws of a jurisdiction
outside the United States, on or prior to the date of its execution and delivery
of this Agreement (in the case of each Bank) and on the date of the Assignment
and Acceptance pursuant to which it becomes a Lender (in the case of each other
Lender), and from time to time thereafter if requested in writing by the
Borrower (but only so long as such Lender remains lawfully able to do so), shall
provide the Borrower with Internal Revenue Service form 1001 or 4224, as
appropriate, or any successor form prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service,
certifying that such Lender is entitled to benefits under an income tax treaty
to which the United States is a party which reduces the rate of withholding tax
on payments of interest or certifying that the income receivable pursuant to
this Agreement is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business
in the United States. If the form provided by a Lender at the time such Lender
first becomes a party to this Agreement indicates a United States interest
withholding tax rate in excess of zero, withholding tax at such rate shall be
considered excluded from "Taxes" as defined in Section 2.15(a).

(f)    For any period with respect to which a Lender has failed to
provide the Borrower with the appropriate form described in Section 2.15(e)
(other than if such failure is due to a change in law occurring subsequent to
the date on which a form originally was required to be provided, or if such form
otherwise is not required under the first sentence of subsection (e) above),
such Lender shall not be entitled to indemnification under Section 2.15(a) with
respect to Taxes imposed by the United States; provided however that should a
Lender become subject to Taxes because of its failure to deliver a form required
hereunder, the Borrower shall take such steps as the Lender shall reasonably
request to assist the Lender to recover such Taxes.

(g)    Any Lender claiming any additional amounts payable pursuant
to this Section 2.15 shall use reasonable efforts (consistent with its internal
policy and legal and regulatory restrictions) to change the jurisdiction of its
Applicable Lending Office(s) if the making of such a change would avoid the need
for, or reduce the amount of, any such additional amounts that may thereafter
accrue and would not, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, be otherwise
disadvantageous to such Lender.

SECTION 2.16. Sharing of Payments, Etc. If any Lender shall obtain
any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right
of set-off, or otherwise) on account of the A Advances made by it (other than
pursuant to Section 2.02(c), 2.12, 2.15 or 8.04(c)) in excess of its ratable
share of payments on account of the A Advances obtained by all the Lenders, such
Lender shall forthwith purchase from the other Lenders such participations in
the A Advances made by them as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing
Lender to share the excess payment ratably with each of them; provided however
that if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from
such purchasing Lender, such purchase from each Lender shall be rescinded and
such Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price to the
extent of such recovery together with an amount equal to such Lender's ratable
share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Lender's required
repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of
any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Lender in respect
of the total amount so recovered. The Borrower agrees that any Lender so
purchasing a participation from another


364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   38


Lender pursuant to this Section 2.16 may, to the fullest extent permitted by
law, exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of set-off) with
respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct
creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.

SECTION 2.17. Right to Replace a Lender. If the Borrower is
required to make any additional payment pursuant to Section 2.12 or 2.15 to any
Lender or if any Lender's obligation to make or Continue, or to Convert A
Advances into, Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be suspended pursuant to Section
2.13 (in each case, such Lender being an "Affected Person"), the Borrower may
elect, if such amounts continue to be charged or such suspension is still
effective, to replace such Affected Person as a party to this Agreement;
provided that, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing at the time of such replacement; and provided further that,
concurrently with such replacement, (i) another financial institution which is
an Eligible Assignee and is reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent shall agree, as of such date, to purchase for cash the
Advances of the Affected Person pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance and to
become a Lender for all purposes under this Agreement and to assume all
obligations (including all outstanding Advances) of the Affected Person to be
terminated as of such date and to comply with the requirements of Section 8.06
applicable to assignments, and (ii) the Borrower shall pay to such Affected
Person in same day funds on the day of such replacement all interest, fees and
other amounts then due and owing to such Affected Person by the Borrower
hereunder to and including the date of termination, including without limitation
payments due such Affected Person under Section 2.12 and 2.15.

SECTION 2.18. Evidence of Debt. (a) Each Lender shall maintain in
accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the
indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Advance made by
such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to
such Lender from time to time hereunder.

(b) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it
shall record (i) the date, amount, Type, interest rate and duration of Interest
Period (if applicable) of each Advance made hereunder, (ii) the amount of any
principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the
Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by
the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each
Lender's share thereof.

(c) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to
clause (a) or (b) of this Section 2.18 shall be prima facie evidence of the
existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that the
failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or
any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower
to repay the Advances in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.


364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   39


ARTICLE 3
CONDITIONS OF LENDING

SECTION 3.01. Conditions Precedent to Initial Borrowing. The
obligation of each Lender to make an Advance on the occasion of the initial
Borrowing is subject to the condition precedent that the Administrative Agent
shall have received the following, each (unless otherwise specified below) dated
the Effective Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent and (except for the items in clauses (a), (b) and (d)) in sufficient
copies for each Lender:

(a)    Evidence that the Borrower shall have obtained a Moody's
Rating at or above Baa1 and a Standard & Poor's Rating at or above BBB+.

(b)    Certified copies of (x) the charter and by-laws of the
Borrower, (y) the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Borrower
authorizing and approving this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, and (z) all documents evidencing other necessary
corporate action and governmental approvals, if any, with respect to this
Agreement.

(c)    A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of
the Borrower certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of
the Borrower authorized to sign this Agreement and the other documents to
be delivered hereunder.

(d)    A certificate from the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware dated a date reasonably close to the date hereof as to the good
standing of and charter documents filed by the Borrower.

(e)    A favorable opinion of John R. McFeely, Vice President and
Chief Counsel, Corporate and Investment Affairs, of MONY Life,
substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto.

(f)    A favorable opinion of Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP,
special New York counsel to the Administrative Agent, substantially in
the form of Exhibit D hereto.

(g)    A certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower
certifying that (i) no Default or Event of Default as of the date thereof
has occurred and is continuing, and (ii) the representations and
warranties contained in Section 4.01 are true and correct on and as of
the date thereof as if made on and as of such date.

(h)    Evidence of (x) the termination of the commitment of each
lender and (y) the payment by MONY Life of all amounts whatsoever payable
to each of the lenders, in each case under the Existing Credit
Agreements.



364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   40


(i)    Such other approvals, opinions and documents relating to
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby as the
Administrative Agent or any Lender may, through the Administrative Agent,
reasonably request.

SECTION 3.02. Conditions Precedent to Each A Borrowing. The
obligation of each Lender to make an A Advance on the occasion of each A
Borrowing (including the initial A Borrowing) shall be subject to the further
conditions precedent that on the date of such A Borrowing the following
statements shall be true (and each of the giving of the applicable Notice of A
Borrowing and the acceptance by the Borrower of the proceeds of such A Borrowing
shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower that on the date
of such A Borrowing such statements are true):

(a)    the representations and warranties contained in
Section 4.01 (not including, in the case of any Borrowing after the
initial Borrowing, the Excluded Representation) are true and correct in
all material respects on and as of the date of such A Borrowing, before
and after giving effect to such A Borrowing and to the application of the
proceeds therefrom, as though made on and as of such date; and

(b)    no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result
from such A Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds therefrom,
which constitutes a Default or an Event of Default.

SECTION 3.03. Conditions Precedent to Each B Borrowing. The
obligation of each Lender which is to make a B Advance on the occasion of a B
Borrowing (including the initial B Borrowing) to make such B Advance as part of
such B Borrowing is subject to the conditions precedent that on the date of such
B Borrowing the following statements shall be true (and each of the giving of
the applicable Notice of B Borrowing and the acceptance by the Borrower of the
proceeds of such B Borrowing shall constitute a representation and warranty by
the Borrower that on the date of such B Borrowing such statements are true):

(i)    the representations and warranties contained in
Section 4.01 (not including, in the case of any Borrowing after
the initial Borrowing, the Excluded Representation) are true and
correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such B
Borrowing, before and after giving effect to such B Borrowing and
to the application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made on
and as of such date; and

(ii)   no event has occurred and is continuing, or would
result from such B Borrowing or from the application of the
proceeds therefrom, which constitutes a Default or an Event of
Default.



364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   41



ARTICLE 4
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

SECTION 4.01. Representations and Warranties of the Borrower. The
Borrower represents, warrants and agrees as follows:

(a)    The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries (i) is duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its
jurisdiction of organization, (ii) is duly qualified and in good standing
as a foreign corporation in each other jurisdiction in which it owns or
leases property or in which the conduct of its business requires it to so
qualify or be licensed and where, in each case, failure so to qualify and
be in good standing could have a Material Adverse Effect and (iii) has
all requisite corporate power and authority to own or lease and operate
its properties and to carry on its business as now conducted and as
proposed to be conducted.

(b)    The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of
this Agreement are within the Borrower's corporate powers, have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not (i) contravene
the Borrower's charter, by-laws or other organizational documents, (ii)
contravene any contractual restriction binding on the Borrower or (iii)
violate any law, rule or regulation (including, without limitation, the
Securities Act of 1933 and the Exchange Act and the regulations
thereunder, and Regulations U and X issued by the Board of Governors of
the Federal Reserve System, each as amended from time to time), or order,
writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award. The Borrower
is not in violation of any such law, rule, regulation, order, writ,
judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award or in breach of any
contractual restriction binding upon it, except for such violation or
breach which would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c)    No authorization or approval or other action by, and no
notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body
is required (other than those which have been obtained) for the due
execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement.

(d)    This Agreement is a legal, valid and binding obligation of
the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with their
respective terms.

(e)    (i) The Borrower has heretofore furnished to each of the
Lenders its unaudited Consolidated balance sheet and statements of
earnings, equity and cash flows as at and for the three-month period
ended March 31, 2000, and such financial statements fairly present, in
all material respects, the Consolidated financial condition and results
of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the date thereof
and for such three-month period, all in accordance with GAAP (subject, in
the case of such financial statements as at March 31, 2000, to normal
year-end audit adjustments), (ii) the Borrower has heretofore furnished
to each of the Lenders its audited Consolidated balance sheet



364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   42


and statements of earnings, equity and cash flows as at and for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 1999, and such financial statements fairly
present, in all material respects, the Consolidated financial condition
and results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the
date thereof and for such fiscal year, all in accordance with GAAP; (iii)
the Borrower has heretofore furnished to each of the Lenders the
quarterly Statutory Statement as of March 31, 2000, of MONY Life, as
filed with the applicable Insurance Regulatory Authority, and such
Statement presents fairly, in all material respects, such condition and
affairs as of such date, in accordance with SAP; (iv) the Borrower has
heretofore furnished to each of the Lenders the annual Statutory
Statement of MONY Life for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999, as
filed with the applicable Insurance Regulatory Authority, and such annual
Statutory Statement presents fairly, in all material respects, the
financial condition of MONY Life as at, and the results of operations for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999, in accordance with SAP; and (v)
since December 31, 1999, there has been no material adverse change in the
business, condition (financial or otherwise) results of operations or
prospects of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(f)    There is no pending or threatened action or proceeding
affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries before any court,
governmental agency or arbitrator which (i) is reasonably likely to have
a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) purports to affect this Agreement or
the transactions contemplated hereby.

(g)    The Borrower is not engaged in the business of extending
credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no
proceeds of any Advance will be used for any purpose that violates the
provisions of the regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System and no proceeds of any Advance will be used to purchase or
carry Margin Stock. The Borrower is, and after applying the proceeds of
each Advance, will be in compliance with its obligations under Section
5.01(e). If requested by any Lender or the Administrative Agent, the
Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender a
statement in conformity with the requirements of Federal Reserve Form U-1
referred to in Regulation U, the statements made in which shall be such,
in the opinion of each Lender, as to permit the transactions contemplated
hereby in accordance with Regulation U. No portion of any Advance under
this Agreement shall be used by the Borrower in violation of Regulation
T, Regulation U or Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System or any other Regulation of such Board, as in effect on the
date or dates of such Advance and such use of proceeds.

(h)    The Borrower is not an "investment company", or a Person
"controlled by" an "investment company", as such terms are defined in the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(i)    All information that has been made available by the
Borrower or any of its representatives to the Administrative Agent or any
Lender in connection with the


364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   43


negotiation of this Agreement was, on or as of the dates on which such
information was made available, complete and correct in all material
respects and did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a fact necessary to make the statements contained therein
not misleading in light of the time and circumstances under which such
statements were made. All financial projections that have been prepared
by the Borrower and made available to the Administrative Agent or any
Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement have been
prepared in good faith based upon reasonable assumptions (it being
understood that such projections are subject to significant uncertainties
and contingencies, many of which are beyond the Borrower's control, and
that no assurance can be given that such projections will be realized).

(j)    No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to
occur with respect to any Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be
expected to result in a liability to the Borrower or its ERISA Affiliates
in excess of $10,000,000.

(k)    Neither the Borrower nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has
been notified by the sponsor of a Multiple Employer Plan that it has
incurred any Withdrawal Liability, and neither the Borrower nor any of
its ERISA Affiliates, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge and belief,
is reasonably expected to incur any Withdrawal Liability to any
Multiemployer Plan, in each case other than any Withdrawal Liability that
would not have a Material Adverse Effect; and neither the Borrower nor
any of its Affiliates has been notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer
Plan or any of its Affiliates that such Multiemployer Plan is in
reorganization or has been terminated, within the meaning of Title IV of
ERISA, except where such reorganization or termination would not have a
Material Adverse Effect.

(l)    The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance
with all laws, statutes, rules, regulations and orders binding on or
applicable to the Borrower (including, without limitation, all
Environmental Laws), its Subsidiaries and all of their respective
properties, except to the extent failure to so comply could not (either
individually or in the aggregate) reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

ARTICLE 5
COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER

SECTION 5.01. Affirmative Covenants. So long as any Advance shall
remain unpaid or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, the Borrower
covenants and agrees that, unless the Majority Lenders shall otherwise consent
in writing:

(a)    Corporate Existence, Compliance with Laws, Etc. The
Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain its
corporate existence; provided that nothing in this sentence shall
prohibit (i) any transaction expressly permitted under Section 5.02(c) or
(ii) the termination or failure to maintain the corporate existence of
any


364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   44


Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than MONY Life) if, in the good faith
judgment of the Borrower, such termination or failure would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower
will comply, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all
applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations and orders, including,
without limitation, ERISA and all applicable Environmental Laws, except
for any non-compliance which would not (either individually or in the
aggregate) reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b)    Maintenance of Properties, Etc. The Borrower will maintain
and preserve, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and
preserve, all of its properties that are used or useful in the conduct of
its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear
excepted, except where failure to do so would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c)    Reporting Requirements. The Borrower will furnish to the
Lenders:

(i)    as soon as available and in any event within 60 days
after the end of each of the first three quarters of each fiscal
year of the Borrower, the Consolidated financial statements with
respect to such fiscal quarter of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries, including all notes thereto, which statements shall
include a balance sheet and a statement of equity as of the end of
such quarter and a statement of earnings and a statement of cash
flows for such quarter, in each case setting forth in comparative
form the corresponding figures from the corresponding quarter in
the previous fiscal year, all prepared in conformity with GAAP and
accompanied by a certificate of a senior financial officer of the
Borrower, which certificate shall state that such financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
Consolidated financial position of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and the Consolidated results
of their operations and cash flows for the period covered thereby
in conformity with GAAP, consistently applied (subject to normal
year-end audit adjustments);

(ii)   as soon as available and in any event within 120
days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, the annual
Consolidated financial statements with respect to such fiscal year
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including all notes thereto,
which statements shall include a balance sheet and a statement of
equity as of the end of such fiscal year and a statement of
earnings and a statement of cash flows for such fiscal year, all
setting forth in comparative form the corresponding figures from
the previous fiscal year, all prepared in conformity with GAAP and
accompanied by an unqualified report and opinion of independent
certified public accountants with an accounting firm of national
standing and reputation, which shall state that such financial
statements, in the opinion of such accountants, present fairly, in
all material respects, the Consolidated financial position of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date



364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   45


thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows for the
period covered thereby in conformity with GAAP, consistently
applied;

(iii)  as soon as possible and in any event within five
Business Days after the Borrower obtains actual knowledge of the
occurrence of any Event of Default or Default continuing on the
date of such statement, a statement of a Responsible Officer
setting forth details of such Event of Default or Default and the
action which the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with
respect thereto;

(iv)   within a reasonable time after filing thereof,
copies of all registration statements (without exhibits) and all
annual, quarterly and monthly reports (if any) filed by the
Borrower with the Securities and Exchange Commission and promptly
upon the mailing thereof to the shareholders of the Borrower
generally, copies of all financial statements, reports and proxy
statements so mailed;

(v)    promptly after the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate
knows or should reasonably know that any ERISA Event has occurred
with respect to which the liability or potential liability of the
Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates exceeds or could
reasonably be expected to exceed $10,000,000, a statement of a
Responsible Officer describing such ERISA Event and the action, if
any, which the Borrower or such ERISA Affiliate proposes to take
with respect thereto;

(vi)   promptly after receipt thereof by the Borrower or
any ERISA Affiliate, copies of each notice from the PBGC stating
its intention to terminate any Plan or to have a trustee appointed
to administer any Plan where such action would have a Material
Adverse Effect;

(vii)  promptly after filing with the applicable Insurance
Regulatory Authority and in any event within 60 days after the end
of each of the first three quarterly fiscal periods of each fiscal
year of MONY Life and each Insurance Subsidiary, the quarterly
Statutory Statement of MONY Life and such Insurance Subsidiary for
such quarterly fiscal period;

(viii) promptly after filing with the applicable Insurance
Regulatory Authority and in any event within 100 days after the
end of each fiscal year of MONY Life and each Insurance
Subsidiary, the annual Statutory Statement of MONY Life and such
Insurance Subsidiary (including, without limitation, management's
discussion and analysis) for such year;



364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   46


(ix)   promptly after the Borrower or MONY Life receives
the results of each examination by the New York State Examiners of
the financial condition and operations of the Borrower and/or any
of its Subsidiaries, a copy thereof;

(x)    promptly upon the occurrence of any change in the
Moody's Rating or the Standard & Poor's Rating, notice thereof;
and

(xi)   promptly after request therefor, such other business
and financial information respecting the condition or operations,
financial or otherwise, of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
as any Lender through the Administrative Agent may from time to
time reasonably request.

The Borrower will furnish to the Lenders (a) at the time it furnishes its
financial statements pursuant to paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, a
certificate of a Responsible Officer setting forth reasonably detailed
calculations demonstrating that the Borrower is in compliance with
Section 5.02(e) and (b) at the time MONY Life furnishes its Statutory
Statements pursuant to paragraphs (vii) and (viii) above, a certificate
of a Responsible Officer setting forth reasonably detailed calculations
demonstrating that the Borrower is in compliance with Section 5.02(f) as
of the end of the applicable quarterly fiscal period.

(d)    Change in Nature of Business. The Borrower and each of its
Subsidiaries will remain primarily engaged in (i) the insurance business
or (ii) businesses of the type conducted by the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries on the date of execution of this Agreement and businesses
reasonably related thereto.

(e)    Use of Proceeds. The Borrower will use the proceeds of the
Advances hereunder only for general corporate purposes (including to
support the commercial paper program of the Borrower) in the ordinary
course of business (in compliance in all material respects with all
applicable legal and regulatory requirements); provided that neither the
Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any responsibility as to
the use of any such proceeds.

(f)    Payment of Taxes, Etc. The Borrower will pay and discharge,
and cause each of its Subsidiaries to pay and discharge, before the same
shall become delinquent, all taxes, assessments, claims and governmental
charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its property, except to the
extent that any failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect; provided that neither the Borrower nor any of
its Subsidiaries shall be required to pay or discharge any such tax,
assessment, claim or charge that is being contested in good faith and by
proper proceedings and as to which appropriate reserves are being
maintained.

(g)    Maintenance of Insurance. The Borrower will maintain, and
cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, appropriate and adequate
insurance with responsible and reputable insurance companies or
associations or with self-insurance programs to the


364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   47


extent consistent with prudent practices of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries or otherwise customary in their respective industries in
such amounts and covering such risks as is customary in the industries in
which the Borrower or such Subsidiary operates.

(h)    Visitation Rights. The Borrower will, at any reasonable
time during normal business hours and upon reasonable prior notice and
from time to time, permit the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders
or any agents or representatives thereof (in each case at their own
expense (except as described below) and subject to Section 8.12 hereof)
to examine and make copies of and abstracts from the records and books of
account of, and visit the properties of, the Borrower and any of its
Subsidiaries, and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the
Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries with any of their officers or
directors. In addition, at any time when an Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing, the Borrower will, and will cause its Subsidiaries to,
permit the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders or any agents or
representatives thereof to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries with their independent certified public
accountants, and the Borrower will be responsible for the reasonable
costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and the
agents and representatives thereof incurred in connection with this
clause (h).

(i)    Keeping of Books. The Borrower will, and will cause each of
its Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record and account as are
necessary to prepare Consolidated financial statements in accordance with
GAAP, in which full and correct entries shall be made of all financial
transactions and the assets and business of the Borrower and each such
Subsidiary in accordance with GAAP.

(j)    Payment of Obligations. The Borrower will pay, and cause
each of its Subsidiaries to pay, when due all Debt and other material
obligations thereof, except where (a) the validity or amount of such
payment is being contested in good faith by adequate proceedings, (b) the
Borrower or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves
with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (c) the nonpayment
thereof pending such contest would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect (without prejudice, however, to any rights of the
Lenders or the Administrative Agent under Section 6.01(d)).

SECTION 5.02. Negative Covenants. So long as any Advance shall
remain unpaid or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, the Borrower
covenants and agrees that, without the written consent of the Majority Lenders:

(a)    Liens on Capital Stock. The Borrower will not, and will not
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, at any time create, assume or suffer
to exist any Lien upon or with respect to any of the capital stock of any
of its Subsidiaries, except for any such Liens in favor of the Borrower
or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower.



364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   48


(b)    Liens on other Property. Without limiting Section 5.02(a),
the Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to,
create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its
property or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except:

(1)    Liens in existence on the date hereof and listed in
Schedule II hereto;

(2)    Liens imposed by any governmental authority for
taxes, assessments or charges not yet due or that are being
contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings if, unless
the amount thereof is not material with respect to it or its
financial condition, adequate reserves with respect thereto are
maintained on the books of the Borrower or the affected
Subsidiaries, as the case may be, in accordance with GAAP;

(3)    carriers', warehousemen's, mechanics',
materialmen's, repairmen's or other like Liens arising in the
ordinary course of business that are not overdue for a period of
more than 30 days or that are being contested in good faith and by
appropriate proceedings and Liens securing judgments but only to
the extent not resulting in an Event of Default under Section
6.01(h) hereof;

(4)    pledges or deposits under worker's compensation,
unemployment insurance and other social security legislation;

(5)    deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade
contracts (other than for Debt), leases, statutory obligations,
surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations
of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(6)    easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other
similar encumbrances incurred in the ordinary course of business
and encumbrances consisting of zoning restrictions, easements,
licenses, restrictions on the use of property or minor
imperfections in title thereto that, in the aggregate, are not
material in amount, and that do not in any case materially detract
from the value of the property subject thereto or interfere with
the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries;

(7)    Liens arising under escrows, trusts, custodianships,
separate accounts, funds withheld procedures, and similar
deposits, arrangements, or agreements established with respect to
insurance policies, annuities, guaranteed investment contracts and
similar products underwritten by, or Reinsurance Agreements
entered into by, any Insurance Subsidiary in the ordinary course
of business;



364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   49


(8)    deposits with Insurance Regulatory Authorities;

(9)    Liens on property or assets of any corporation that
becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower after the date hereof;
provided that such Liens are in existence at the time such
corporation becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower and were not
created in anticipation thereof;

(10)   Liens upon real and/or tangible personal property
acquired after the date hereof (by purchase, construction or
otherwise) by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, each of
which Liens either (A) existed on such property before the time of
its acquisition and was not created in anticipation thereof or (B)
was created solely for the purpose of securing Debt representing,
or incurred to finance, refinance or refund, the cost (including
the cost of construction) of such property; provided that (i) no
such Lien shall extend to or cover any property of the Borrower or
such Subsidiary other than the property so acquired and
improvements thereon and (ii) the principal amount of Debt secured
by any such Lien shall at no time exceed 80% of the fair market
value (as determined in good faith by a senior financial officer
of the Borrower) of such property at the time it was acquired (by
purchase, construction or otherwise);

(11)   Liens on securities or financial instruments arising
out of Repurchase Agreements entered into in the ordinary course
of business and on ordinary business terms; and

(12)   additional Liens upon real and/or personal property
created after the date hereof; provided that the aggregate Debt
secured thereby and incurred on and after the date hereof shall
not exceed an aggregate amount equal to 5% of Net Worth as of the
last day of the then most recently completed fiscal quarter of the
Borrower.

(c)    Mergers, Etc. The Borrower will not, and will not permit
any of its Subsidiaries to, merge or consolidate with or into, or convey,
transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of, whether in one transaction or in
a series of transactions, all or substantially all of the assets (whether
now owned or hereafter acquired) of the Borrower or such Subsidiary to,
any Person, except that:

(i)    any of its Subsidiaries may merge or consolidate
with or into (or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of
any or all the assets of such Subsidiary to) the Borrower or any
Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower;

(ii)   without prejudice to Sections 5.02(c)(i) or 6.01(g),
the Borrower or any Subsidiary may merge or consolidate with or
into any other Person so long as (x) immediately after giving
effect to such transaction, no Event of Default would exist and
(y) in the case of the Borrower (including, without limitation,
any


364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   50


merger with a Subsidiary), the Borrower is the surviving
corporation and, in the case of such Subsidiary, the surviving
corporation is a Subsidiary of the Borrower; and

(iii)  the Borrower may convey, transfer, lease or
otherwise dispose of a portion of its property and assets to a
Subsidiary or any other Person which is not an Affiliate of the
Borrower, and any Subsidiary of the Borrower may convey, transfer,
lease or otherwise dispose of all or a portion of its property and
assets to a Subsidiary or any other Person which is not an
Affiliate of the Borrower, if the board of directors of the
Borrower or such Subsidiary determines in good faith that the
ownership or maintenance of such property and assets is no longer
necessary or desirable in the conduct of the business or the
continued operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole;

provided, in each of the foregoing cases, that no Default shall have
occurred and be continuing at the time of such merger, consolidation,
conveyance, transfer, lease or disposition, or shall occur as a result
thereof.

(d)    Transactions with Affiliates. The Borrower will not, and
will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease or otherwise
transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise
acquire any assets from, or otherwise engage in any transactions with,
any of its Affiliates, except (a) in the ordinary course of business at
prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Borrower or
such Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm's-length basis from
unrelated third parties and (b) transactions between or among the
Borrower and its Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries not involving any other
Affiliate.

(e)    Total Debt to Total Capitalization. The Borrower will not,
at any time, permit its Total Debt at such time to exceed 40% of Total
Capitalization.

(f)    Statutory Tangible Net Worth. The Borrower will not, at any
time, permit MONY Life's Statutory Tangible Net Worth at such time to be
less than $900,000,000.


ARTICLE 6
EVENTS OF DEFAULT

SECTION 6.01. Events of Default. If any of the following events
("Events of Default") shall occur and be continuing:

(a)    The Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Advance
when the same becomes due and payable; or the Borrower shall fail to pay
any interest on any Advance or any Facility Fee or Utilization Fee or any
other amount payable hereunder when due and such failure remains
unremedied for three Business Days; or



364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   51

(b)    Any representation or warranty made by the Borrower herein
or by the Borrower (or any of its officers) in connection with this
Agreement shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when
made or deemed made; or

(c)    (i) The Borrower shall fail to perform or observe any term,
covenant or agreement contained in Section 5.01(c)(iii), 5.01(d), 5.01(e)
or 5.02; or (ii) the Borrower shall fail to perform or observe any other
term, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement on its part to be
performed or observed, and such failure remains unremedied for 30 days
after notice thereof shall have been given to the Borrower by the
Administrative Agent or the Administrative Agent on behalf of any Lender;
or

(d)    The Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to pay
any principal of any other Debt of the Borrower which is outstanding in a
principal amount of at least $10,000,000, or its equivalent in other
currencies (in this clause (d) called "Material Debt"), in the aggregate
when the same becomes due and payable (whether at scheduled maturity, by
required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise); or any other
event shall occur or condition shall exist under any agreement or
instrument relating to any Material Debt and shall continue after the
applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or
instrument, if the effect of such event or condition is to accelerate, or
to permit the acceleration of, the maturity of any Material Debt, or to
require the same to be prepaid or defeased (other than by a regularly
required payment); or

(e)    The Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall
generally not pay its debts as such debts become due, or shall admit in
writing its inability to pay its debts generally, or shall make a general
assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any proceeding shall be
instituted by or against the Borrower or any of its Significant
Subsidiaries seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking
liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment,
protection, relief, or composition of it or its debts under any law
relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of
debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment
of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for
any substantial part of its property and, in the case of any such
proceeding instituted against the Borrower or any of its Significant
Subsidiaries, such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a
period of 60 days; or the Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries
shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the actions set forth
above in this subsection (e) (provided that, for purposes of this
subsection (e), "Significant Subsidiary" means, at any time, MONY Life
and any other any Subsidiary of the Borrower that (a) has aggregate
assets constituting 10% or more of the aggregate Consolidated assets of
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries at such time or (b) accounted for 5% or
more of the aggregate Consolidated net income or revenue of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries for the most recently completed fiscal year of the
Borrower); or

(f)    In connection with the actual or alleged insolvency of MONY
Life or any Insurance Subsidiary, any Insurance Regulatory Authority
shall appoint a rehabilitator,



364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   52


receiver, custodian, trustee, conservator or liquidator or the like
(collectively, a "conservator") for MONY LIFE or such Insurance
Subsidiary, or cause possession of all or any substantial portion of the
property of MONY Life or such Insurance Subsidiary to be taken by any
conservator (or any Insurance Regulatory Authority shall commence any
action to effect any of the foregoing); or

(g)    A Change in Control shall occur; or

(h)    Any judgment or order for the payment of money in excess of
$10,000,000 shall be rendered against the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries and either (i) enforcement proceedings shall have been
commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order or (ii) there shall
be any period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement
of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise,
shall not be in effect; or

(i)    Any ERISA Event shall have occurred with respect to a Plan
and the sum (determined as of the date of occurrence of such ERISA Event)
of the Insufficiency of such Plan and the Insufficiency of any and all
other Plans with respect to which an ERISA Event shall have occurred and
then exist (or the liability of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate
related to such ERISA Event) exceeds $10,000,000; or

(j)    The Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate shall have been
notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan that it has incurred
Withdrawal Liability to such Multiemployer Plan in an amount which, when
aggregated with all other amounts required to be paid to Multiemployer
Plans by the Borrower and its ERISA Affiliates as Withdrawal Liability
(determined as of the date of such notification), exceeds $10,000,000 or
requires payments exceeding $10,000,000 per annum; or

(k)    The Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate shall have been
notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan that such Multiemployer
Plan is in reorganization or is being terminated, within the meaning of
Title IV of ERISA, and as a result of such reorganization or termination
the aggregate annual contributions of the Borrower and its ERISA
Affiliates to all Multiemployer Plans which are then in reorganization or
being terminated have been or will be increased over the amounts
contributed to such Multiemployer Plans for the respective plan years of
such Multiemployer Plans immediately preceding the plan year in which the
reorganization or termination occurs by an amount exceeding $10,000,000;

then, and in any such event, the Administrative Agent (i) shall at the request,
or may with the consent, of the Majority Lenders, by notice to the Borrower,
declare the obligation of each Lender to make Advances to be terminated,
whereupon the same shall forthwith terminate, and (ii) shall at the request, or
may with the consent, of the Majority Lenders, by notice to the Borrower,
declare the Advances, all interest thereon and all other amounts payable under
this Agreement to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the Advances, all such
interest and all




364-Day Credit Agreement



<PAGE>   53



such amounts shall become and be forthwith due and payable, without presentment,
demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly
waived by the Borrower; provided, however, that in the event of an Event of
Default with respect to the Borrower of the kind referred to in clause (e) above
or with respect to MONY Life of the kind referred to in clause (f) above, (A)
the obligation of each Lender to make Advances shall automatically be terminated
and (B) the Advances, all such interest and all such amounts shall automatically
become and be due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any
notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower.

ARTICLE 7
THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

SECTION 7.01. Authorization and Action. Each Lender hereby
appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as
administrative agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this
Agreement as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof,
together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. As to any
matters not expressly provided for by this Agreement (including, without
limitation, enforcement or collection of the Advances), the Administrative Agent
shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall
be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so
acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of the Majority Lenders,
and such instructions shall be binding upon all Lenders; provided, however, that
the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action which exposes
the Administrative Agent to personal liability or which is contrary to this
Agreement or applicable law. The Administrative Agent agrees to give to each
Lender prompt notice of each notice given to it by the Borrower pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement.

SECTION 7.02. Administrative Agent's Reliance, Etc. Neither the
Administrative Agent nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees
shall be liable to the Lenders for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it
or them under or in connection with this Agreement, except for its or their own
gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without limitation of the generality of
the foregoing, the Administrative Agent: (i) may consult with legal counsel
(including counsel for the Borrower), independent public accountants and other
experts selected by it and shall not be liable to the Lenders for any action
taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice
of such counsel, accountants or experts; (ii) makes no warranty or
representation to any Lender and shall not be responsible to any Lender for any
statements, warranties or representations (whether written or oral) made in or
in connection with this Agreement; (iii) shall not have any duty to ascertain or
to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or
conditions of this Agreement on the part of the Borrower or to inspect the
property (including the books and records) of the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries; (iv) shall not be responsible to any Lender for the due execution,
legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this
Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto; and (v)
shall incur no liability to the Lenders under or in respect of this Agreement by
acting upon any notice, consent, certificate or other



364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   54


instrument or writing (which may be by telecopier, telegram, cable or telex)
believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent by the proper party or parties.

SECTION 7.03. Citibank and Affiliates. With respect to its
Commitment and the Advances made by it, Citibank shall have the same rights and
powers under this Agreement as any other Lender and may exercise the same as
though it were not the Administrative Agent; and the term "Lender" or "Lenders"
shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated, include Citibank in its individual
capacity. Citibank and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to,
act as trustee under indentures of, and generally engage in any kind of business
with, the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries and any Person who may do business
with or own securities of the Borrower or any such Subsidiary, all as if
Citibank were not the Administrative Agent and without any duty to account
therefor to the Lenders.

SECTION 7.04. Lender Credit Decision. Each Lender acknowledges
that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or
any other Lender and based on the financial statements referred to in Section
4.01 and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made
its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender
also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the
Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and
information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own
credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement.

SECTION 7.05. Indemnification. The Lenders agree to indemnify the
Administrative Agent (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower), ratably
according to the respective amounts of their Commitments, from and against any
and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions,
judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature
whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the
Administrative Agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or
any action taken or omitted by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement,
provided that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities,
obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs,
expenses or disbursements resulting from the Administrative Agent's gross
negligence or willful misconduct. Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender
agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent promptly upon demand for its
ratable share of any out-of-pocket expenses (including counsel fees) incurred by
the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, execution,
delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether
through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in
respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement, to the extent that
the Administrative Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by the Borrower.

SECTION 7.06. Successor Administrative Agent. The Administrative
Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Lenders and
the Borrower and may be removed at any time with or without cause by the
Majority Lenders. Upon any such resignation or removal, the Majority Lenders
shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent that, unless a
Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and then be



364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   55


continuing, is reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. If no successor
Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Majority Lenders, and
shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring
Administrative Agent's giving of notice of resignation or the Majority Lenders'
removal of the retiring Administrative Agent, then the retiring Administrative
Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent,
which shall be a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States
of America or of any State thereof and having total assets of at least
$1,000,000,000. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent
hereunder by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative
Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers,
privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring
Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under
this Agreement. After any retiring Administrative Agent's resignation or removal
hereunder as Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Article 7 shall inure
to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was
Administrative Agent under this Agreement.

SECTION 7.07. Arranger and Book Manager, Syndication Agent and
Documentation Agent. The Arranger and Book Manager, the Syndication Agent and
the Documentation Agent named on the cover page of this Agreement, in their
capacities as such, shall have no obligation, responsibility or required
performance hereunder and shall not become liable in any manner to any party
hereto.

ARTICLE 8

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 8.01. Amendments, Etc. No amendment or waiver of any
provision of this Agreement, nor consent to any departure by the Borrower
therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing
and signed by the Borrower and the Majority Lenders, and then such waiver or
consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific
purpose for which given; provided, however, that no amendment, waiver or consent
shall, unless in writing and signed by all the Lenders, do any of the following:
(a) waive any of the conditions specified in Section 3.01 or 3.02, (b) increase
the Commitments of such Lenders or subject such Lenders to any additional
obligations, (c) reduce the principal of, or interest on, the A Notes or any
fees (other than the Administrative Agent's fee referred to in Section 2.04(b))
or other amounts payable hereunder, (d) postpone any date fixed for any payment
of principal of, or interest on, the Advances or any fees (other than the
Administrative Agent's fee referred to in Section 2.04(b)) or other amounts
payable hereunder, (e) change the percentage of the Commitments or of the
aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Advances, or the number of Lenders,
which shall be required for the Lenders or any of them to take any action
hereunder, (f) amend or modify Section 6.01(g) or the definition of "Change in
Control" set forth in Section 1.01 in any manner or (g) amend this Section 8.01;
provided further that no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing
and signed by each Lender having an outstanding B Advance at such time, (1)
reduce the principal of, or interest on, such B Advance or any fees or other



364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   56


amounts payable hereunder or thereunder with respect thereto, (2) postpone any
date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest on, such B Advance or
any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or thereunder with respect thereto,
or (3) subject such Lender to any additional obligations; and provided further
that no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the
Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above to take such
action, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this
Agreement. This Agreement and the agreement referred to in Section 2.04(c)
constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and thereof.

SECTION 8.02. Notices, Etc. All notices and other communications
provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including telecopier) and mailed,
telecopied or delivered by hand:

(a)    if to the Borrower:

The MONY Group Inc.
1740 Broadway
New York, NY 10019

Attention:  Mr. David Weigel, Vice President and Treasurer

Telephone No.:  212-708-2170
Telecopier No.:  212-708-2152

(b)    if to the Administrative Agent:

Citibank, N.A.
2 Penns Way, Suite 200
New Castle, Delaware  19720

Attention:  Mr. Pat Dimery

Telephone No.:  302-894-6022
Telecopier No.:  302-894-6120

(c)    if to any Lender, at the Domestic Lending Office specified
in the Administrative Questionnaire of such Lender;

or, as to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, at such other address as
shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties and,
as to each other party, at such other address as shall be designated by such
party in a written notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. All such
notices and communications shall be deemed to have been duly given or made (i)
in the case of hand deliveries, when delivered by hand, (ii) in the case of
mailed notices, three Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage
prepaid, and (iii) in the case of telecopier notice, when transmitted and
confirmed during normal business



364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   57


hours (or, if delivered after the close of normal business hours, at the
beginning of business hours on the next Business Day), except that notices and
communications to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Article 2 or 7 shall not
be effective until received by the Administrative Agent.

SECTION 8.03. No Waiver; Remedies. No failure on the part of any
Lender or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any
right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or
partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or further exercise
thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are
cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

SECTION 8.04. Costs, Expenses and Indemnification.

(a)    The Borrower agrees to pay and reimburse on demand all
reasonable costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent in connection with the
preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification and amendment of
this Agreement and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including,
without limitation, the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of counsel
for the Administrative Agent with respect thereto and with respect to advising
the Administrative Agent as to its rights and responsibilities under this
Agreement. The Borrower further agrees to pay on demand all costs and expenses,
if any (including, without limitation, reasonable counsel fees and expenses of
the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders), incurred by the
Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the enforcement (whether
through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of this Agreement and the
other documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation,
reasonable counsel fees and expenses in connection with the enforcement of
rights under this Section 8.04(a).

(b)    The Borrower hereby agrees to indemnify the Administrative
Agent, Salomon Smith Barney Inc., each Lender and each of their respective
Affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors
and representatives (each, an "Indemnified Party") from and against any and all
claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including, without
limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel), joint or several, that may be
incurred by or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified Party, in each case
arising out of or in connection with or relating to any investigation,
litigation or proceeding or the preparation of any defense with respect thereto
arising out of or in connection with or relating to this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any use made or proposed to be
made with the proceeds of the Advances, whether or not such investigation,
litigation or proceeding is brought by the Borrower, any of its shareholders or
creditors, an Indemnified Party or any other Person, or an Indemnified Party is
otherwise a party thereto, and whether or not any of the conditions precedent
set forth in Article 3 are satisfied or the other transactions contemplated by
this Agreement are consummated, except to the extent such claim, damage, loss,
liability or expense results from such Indemnified Party's gross negligence or
willful misconduct.



364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   58


The Borrower hereby further agrees that no Indemnified Party shall
have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract, tort or otherwise)
to the Borrower for or in connection with or relating to this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any use made or proposed to be
made with the proceeds of the Advances, except to the extent such liability is
found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction
to have resulted from such Indemnified Party's gross negligence or willful
misconduct.

(c)    If (i) any payment of principal of, or Conversion or
Continuation of, any Eurodollar Rate Advance is made other than on the last day
of an Interest Period for such Advance or (ii) any payment of principal of any B
Advance is made other than on the scheduled maturity date of such B Advance, in
either case as a result of any optional or mandatory prepayment, acceleration of
the maturity of the Advances pursuant to Section 6.01 or for any other reason,
the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such
Lender any amounts required to compensate such Lender for any additional losses,
costs or expenses which it may reasonably incur as a result of such payment,
Continuation or Conversion and the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or
other funds acquired by any Lender to fund or maintain such Advance. A
certificate as to the amount of such losses, costs and expenses, submitted to
the Borrower and the Administrative Agent by such Lender, shall be conclusive
and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

SECTION 8.05. Binding Effect. This Agreement shall become
effective when it shall have been executed by the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have been notified
by each Bank that such Bank has executed it and thereafter shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each
Lender and their respective successors and permitted assigns, except that the
Borrower shall not have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any interest
herein without the prior written consent of the Lenders.

SECTION 8.06. Assignments and Participations.

(a)    Each Lender may, with notice to and the consent of the
Administrative Agent and the Borrower (such consents not to be unreasonably
withheld, provided that it shall not be deemed to be unreasonable for the
Borrower to withhold such consent if such assignment would at the time of such
assignment impose upon the Borrower an obligation to make any payment under
Section 2.15), assign to one or more banks or other entities all or a portion of
its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation,
all or a portion of its Commitment and the Advances owing to it); provided that:

(i)    each such assignment shall be of a constant, and not a
varying, percentage of all rights and obligations of the assigning Lender
under this Agreement (other than any right to make B Advances or B
Advances owing to it),

(ii)   except in the case of an assignment by a Lender to one of
its Affiliates or to another Lender, the amount of the Commitment of the
assigning Lender being assigned



364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   59


pursuant to each such assignment (determined as of the date of the
Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment) shall in no
event (unless the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise agree)
be less than the lesser of (x) such Lender's Commitment hereunder and (y)
$10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof,

(iii)  each such assignment shall be to an Eligible Assignee,

(iv)   the parties to each such assignment shall execute and
deliver to the Administrative Agent, for its acceptance and recording in
the Register, an Assignment and Acceptance, and

(v)    the parties to each such assignment (other than the
Borrower) shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a processing and
recordation fee of $3,000.

Upon such execution, delivery, acceptance and recording, from and after the
effective date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance, (x) the assignee
thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent that rights and
obligations hereunder have been assigned to it pursuant to such Assignment and
Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder and (y) the
Lender assignor thereunder shall, to the extent that rights and obligations
hereunder have been assigned by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance,
relinquish its rights and be released from its obligations under this Agreement
(and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all or the remaining
portion of an assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement,
such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto).

(b)    By executing and delivering an Assignment and Acceptance,
the Lender assignor thereunder and the assignee thereunder confirm to and agree
with each other and the other parties hereto as follows: (i) other than as
provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, such assigning Lender makes no
representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any
statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with this
Agreement or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness,
sufficiency or value of this Agreement or any other instrument or document
furnished pursuant hereto; (ii) such assigning Lender makes no representation or
warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition
of the Borrower or the performance or observance by the Borrower of any of its
obligations under this Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished
pursuant hereto; (iii) such assignee confirms that it has received a copy of
this Agreement, together with copies of the financial statements referred to in
Section 4.01 and such other documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such
Assignment and Acceptance; (iv) such assignee will, independently and without
reliance upon the Administrative Agent, such assigning Lender or any other
Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate
at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking
action under this Agreement; (v) such assignee confirms that it is an Eligible
Assignee; (vi) such assignee appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to
take such action as administrative agent on its behalf



364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   60


and to exercise such powers under this Agreement as are delegated to the
Administrative Agent by the terms hereof, together with such powers as are
reasonably incidental thereto; and (vii) such assignee agrees that it will
perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms
of this Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender.

(c)    Upon its receipt of an Assignment and Acceptance executed
by an assigning Lender and an assignee representing that it is an Eligible
Assignee, the Administrative Agent shall, if such Assignment and Acceptance has
been completed (and the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall have
consented to the relevant assignment) and is in substantially the form of
Exhibit B hereto, (i) accept such Assignment and Acceptance, (ii) record the
information contained therein in the Register and (iii) give prompt notice
thereof to the Borrower.

(d)    The Administrative Agent shall maintain at its address
referred to in Section 8.02 a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered
to and accepted by it and a register for the recordation of the names and
addresses of each of the Lenders and, with respect to Lenders, the Commitment
of, and principal amount of the A Advances owing to, each such Lender from time
to time (the "Register"). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and
binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is
recorded in the Register as a Lender hereunder for the purposes of this
Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower or any
Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior
notice.

(e)    Each Lender may sell participations to one or more Persons
(excluding any Persons primarily engaged in the insurance or mutual fund
business) in or to all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this
Agreement (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its Commitment and
the Advances owing to it); provided, however, that (i) such Lender's obligations
under this Agreement (including, without limitation, its Commitment to the
Borrower hereunder) shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely
responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations,
(iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall
continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such
Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement, (iv) in any proceeding
under the Federal Bankruptcy Code in respect of the Borrower, such Lender shall
remain and be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the sole representative
with respect to the rights and obligations held in the name of such Lender
(whether such rights or obligations are for such Lender's own account or for the
account of any participant) and (v) no participant under any such participation
agreement shall have any right to approve any amendment or waiver of any
provision of this Agreement, or to consent to any departure by the Borrower
therefrom, except to the extent that any such amendment, waiver or consent would
(x) reduce the principal of, or interest on, the Notes, in each case to the
extent the same are subject to such participation, or (y) postpone any date
fixed for the payment of principal of, or interest on, the Advances, in each
case to the extent the same are subject to such participation.



364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   61


(f)    Any Lender may, in connection with any permitted assignment
or participation or proposed assignment or participation pursuant to this
Section 8.06 and subject to the provisions of Section 8.12, disclose to the
assignee or participant or proposed assignee or participant any information
relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates furnished to
such Lender by or on behalf of the Borrower.

(g)    Notwithstanding any other provision set forth in this
Agreement, any Lender may at any time, without the consent of the Agent or the
Borrower, create a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under
this Agreement (including, without limitation, the Advances owing to it) in
favor of any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with Regulation A of the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

(h)    Notwithstanding any other provision set forth in this
Agreement, any Lender may at any time, without the consent of the Agent or the
Borrower, assign to an Affiliate of such Lender (excluding any Affiliate of such
Lender primarily engaged in the insurance or mutual fund business) all or any
portion of its rights (but not its obligations) under this Agreement.

SECTION 8.07. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction. This
Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the
State of New York. The Borrower hereby submits to the nonexclusive jurisdiction
of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and of
any New York state court sitting in New York City for the purposes of all legal
proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby. The Borrower irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to
the laying of the venue of any such proceeding brought in such a court and any
claim that any such proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an
inconvenient forum.

SECTION 8.08. Severability. In case any provision in this
Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such provision
shall be severable from the rest of this Agreement, as the case may be, and the
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in
any way be affected or impaired thereby.

SECTION 8.09. Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be
executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in
separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an
original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
agreement. Any counterpart hereof may be executed and delivered via telecopier,
and each such counterpart so executed and delivered shall have the same force
and effect as an originally executed and delivered counterpart hereof.

SECTION 8.10. Survival. The obligations of the Borrower under
Sections 2.02(c), 2.08, 2.12, 2.15 and 8.04, and the obligations of the Lenders
under Section 7.05, shall survive the repayment of the Advances and the
termination of the Commitments. In addition, each representation and warranty
made, or deemed to be made by


364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   62


any Notice of A Borrowing or Notice of B Borrowing, herein or pursuant hereto
shall survive the making of such representation and warranty, and no Lender
shall be deemed to have waived, by reason of making any Advance, any Default or
Event of Default that may arise by reason of such representation or warranty
proving to have been false or misleading, notwithstanding that such Lender or
the Administrative Agent may have had notice or knowledge or reason to believe
that such representation or warranty was false or misleading at the time such
extension of credit was made.

SECTION 8.11. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE BORROWER, THE
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY
LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

SECTION 8.12. Confidentiality. Each Lender agrees that it will
not, without the prior written consent of the Borrower (which shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed), disclose (other than to its Affiliates
(excluding any such Affiliates primarily engaged in the insurance or mutual fund
business) and to its and its Affiliates' directors, employees, auditors and
counsel, in each case, as necessary for such Lender's administration and
enforcement of this Agreement) any Confidential Information with respect to the
Borrower furnished to it under this Agreement, except (i) as may be required to
comply with any applicable law or regulation or pursuant to legal process or
otherwise as required in connection with litigation (and each Lender agrees that
it will, to the extent reasonably practicable and if permitted by applicable law
and regulation, give the Borrower prior notice of such disclosure reasonably
sufficient to permit the Borrower to contest such disclosure), (ii) in
accordance with any ruling or regulatory practice of any bank regulatory agency,
(iii) to a proposed assignee or participant permitted under Section 8.06
(provided that such proposed assignee or participant agrees to be bound by the
provisions of this Section 8.12) and (iv) in connection with any Lender's
enforcement of its rights hereunder after an Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing.

SECTION 8.13. Existing Credit Agreements. On the Effective Date,
the commitment of each lender under each of the Existing Credit Agreements shall
automatically terminate.



364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   63



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed
by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first
above written.

Borrower

THE MONY GROUP INC.

By /s/ David V. Weigel
Name: DAVID V. WEIGEL
Title: Vice President and Treasurer

Administrative Agent

CITIBANK, N.A.,
as Administrative Agent

By /s/ Claire Wibroe
Name: Claire Wibroe
Title: Vice President

Banks

CITIBANK, N.A.


By /s/ Claire Wibroe
Name: Claire Wibroe
Title: Vice President

FLEET NATIONAL BANK


By /s/ E. B. Shelley
Name: E. B. Shelley
Title: Director

BANK ONE, N.A. (Main Office - Chicago)


By /s/ Bruce E. Cox
Name: Bruce E. Cox
Title: Vice President



364-Day Credit Agreement


<PAGE>   64


STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY


By /s/ Edward M. Anderson
Name: Edward M. Anderson
Title: Vice President

THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK


By /s/ Heather Lindstrom
Name: Heather A. Lindstrom
Title: Vice President

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.


By /s/ Keith Thompson
Name: Keith Thompson
Title: Principal

MELLON BANK, N.A.


By /s/ Susan M. Whitewood
Name: Susan M. Whitewood
Title: Vice President

FIRST UNION NATIONAL BANK


By /s/ Daniel J. Norton
Name: Daniel J. Norton
Title: Director



364-Day Credit Agreement

<PAGE>   65






SCHEDULE I


Banks and Commitments


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Bank                                Commitment
<S>                                 <C>

Citibank, N.A.                      $  25,000,000
Fleet National Bank                 $  25,000,000
Bank One, N.A.                      $  25,000,000
State Street Bank and
Trust Company                   $  25,000,000
The Chase Manhattan Bank            $  15,000,000
Bank of America, N.A.               $  15,000,000
Mellon Bank, N.A.                   $  10,000,000
First Union National Bank           $  10,000,000
$ 150,000,000
</TABLE>



Schedule I


<PAGE>   66






SCHEDULE II


Existing Liens



1.     Liens arising in connection with Existing Non-Recourse Mortgage
Debt set forth in Schedule III.

2.     Liens arising in connection with the sale/lease-back of 1 MONY
Plaza, Syracuse, New York.





Schedule II


<PAGE>   67





SCHEDULE III


Existing Non-Recourse Mortgage Debt

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Property Name                       Amount                      Maturity
<S>                                         <C>                        <C>
1.      Pointes at South Mountain           $53,084,000                June 2000

2.      Glenridge Point (Lakeside)          $ 5,651,315                March 2002
</TABLE>




Schedule III


<PAGE>   68





EXHIBIT A-1

NOTICE OF A BORROWING


Citibank, N.A., as Administrative
Agent for the Lenders parties
to the Credit Agreement
referred to below
2 Penns Ways, Suite 200
New Castle, Delaware  19720
Attention:  Pat Dimery
[Date]

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, The MONY Group Inc. (the "Borrower"), refers to
the Credit Agreement, dated as of June [23], 2000 (as from time to time amended,
the "Credit Agreement", the terms defined therein being used herein as therein
defined), among the undersigned, certain Lenders parties thereto and Citibank,
N.A., as Administrative Agent for said Lenders, and hereby gives you notice,
irrevocably, pursuant to Section 2.02 of the Credit Agreement that the
undersigned hereby requests an A Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in
that connection sets forth below the information relating to such A Borrowing
(the "Proposed A Borrowing") as required by Section 2.02(a) of the Credit
Agreement:

(i)    The Business Day of the Proposed A Borrowing is
___________ __, _____.

(ii)   The Type of A Advances initially comprising the Proposed A
Borrowing is [Base Rate Advances] [Eurodollar Rate Advances].

(iii)  The aggregate amount of the Proposed A Borrowing is
$___________.

[(iv) The initial Interest Period for each A Advance made as part
of the Proposed A Borrowing is ______ month[s]](1).

The undersigned hereby certifies that the following statements are
true on the date hereof, and will be true on the date of the Proposed A
Borrowing:



(1)    For Eurodollar Rate Advances only.



Notice of A Borrowing


<PAGE>   69




(a)    the representations and warranties contained in
Section 4.01 (not including, in the case of a Borrowing after the initial
Borrowing, the Excluded Representation) are correct in all material
respects, before and after giving effect to the Proposed A Borrowing and
to the application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made on and as of
such date;

(b)    no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result
from such Proposed A Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds
therefrom, which constitutes an Event of Default or, to the best of the
undersigned's knowledge, a Default.

Very truly yours,

THE MONY GROUP INC.

By
Title:




Notice of A Borrowing


<PAGE>   70



EXHIBIT A-2

NOTICE OF B BORROWING


Citibank, N.A., as Administrative
Agent for the Lenders parties
to the Credit Agreement
referred to below
2 Penns Way, Suite 200
New Castle, Delaware  19720
Attention:  Pat Dimery
[Date]

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, The MONY Group Inc. (the "Borrower"), refers to
the Credit Agreement, dated as of June [23], 2000 (as from time to time amended,
the "Credit Agreement", the terms defined therein being used herein as therein
defined), among the undersigned, certain Lenders parties thereto and Citibank,
N.A., as Administrative Agent for said Lenders, and hereby gives you notice
pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Credit Agreement that the undersigned hereby
requests a B Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection sets
forth the terms on which such B Borrowing (the "Proposed B Borrowing") is
requested to be made:

(a)    Date of B Borrowing          _______________________
(b)    Amount of B Borrowing        _______________________
(c)    Maturity Date                _______________________
(d)    Interest Rate Basis          _______________________
(e)    Interest Payment Date(s)     _______________________
(f)    _______________________      _______________________
(g)    _______________________      _______________________
(h)    _______________________      _______________________

The undersigned hereby certifies that the following statements are
true on the date hereof, and will be true on the date of the Proposed B
Borrowing:

(a)    the representations and warranties contained in
Section 4.01 (not including, in the case of any Borrowing after the
initial Borrowing, the Excluded Representation) are correct in all
material respects, before and after giving effect to the Proposed B
Borrowing and to the application of the proceeds therefrom, as though
made on and as of such date;

(b)    no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result
from the Proposed B Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds
therefrom, which constitutes an Event of Default or, to the best of the
undersigned's knowledge, a Default; and



Notice of B Borrowing

<PAGE>   71


(c)    the aggregate amount of the Proposed B Borrowing and all
other Borrowings to be made on the same day under the Credit Agreement is
within the aggregate amount of the unused Commitments of the Lenders.

The undersigned hereby confirms that the Proposed B Borrowing is
to be made available to it in accordance with Section 2.03(a)(v) of the Credit
Agreement.

Very truly yours,

THE MONY GROUP INC.

By
Title:




Notice of B Borrowing


<PAGE>   72

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE


Dated ____________ __, _____

Reference is made to the Credit Agreement dated as of June [23],
2000 (as from time to time amended, the "Credit Agreement") among The MONY Group
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Borrower"), the Lenders (as defined in the
Credit Agreement) and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders
(the "Administrative Agent"). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used
herein with the same meaning.

_____________ (the "Assignor") and _____________ (the "Assignee")
agree as follows:

1.     The Assignor hereby sells and assigns to the Assignee, and
the Assignee hereby purchases and assumes from the Assignor, that interest in
and to all of the Assignor's rights and obligations under the Credit Agreement
as of the date hereof [(other than in respect of B Advances)](1) which
represents the percentage interest specified on Schedule 1 of all outstanding
rights and obligations under the Credit Agreement [(other than in respect of B
Advances)](1), including, without limitation, such interest in the Assignor's
Commitment, the A Advances and B Advances owing to the Assignor. After giving
effect to such sale and assignment, the Assignee's Commitment and the amount of
the A Advances and B Advances owing to the Assignee will be as set forth in
Schedule 1.

2.     The Assignor (i) represents and warrants that it is the
legal and beneficial owner of the interest being assigned by it hereunder and
that such interest is free and clear of any adverse claim; (ii) makes no
representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any
statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the
Credit Agreement or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability,
genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Credit Agreement or any other
instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; and (iii) makes no
representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the
financial condition of the Borrower or the performance or observance by the
Borrower of any of its obligations under the Credit Agreement or any other
instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto.




(1)    Delete bracketed text if B Advances are covered by this Assignment and
Acceptance. Conforming changes also need to be made throughout Assignment and
Acceptance depending on whether B Advances are covered hereby.



Assignment and Acceptance


<PAGE>   73




3.     The Assignee (i) confirms that it has received a copy of
the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the financial statements referred
to in Section 4.01 thereof and such other documents and information as it has
deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into
this Assignment and Acceptance; (ii) agrees that it will, independently and
without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender
and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the
time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action
under the Credit Agreement; (iii) confirms that it is an Eligible Assignee; (iv)
appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as
administrative agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Credit
Agreement as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms thereof,
together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto; (v) agrees that
it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by
the terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a
Lender; [and] (vi) specifies as its Domestic Lending Office (and address for
notices) and Eurodollar Lending Office the offices set forth beneath its name on
the signature pages hereof [and (vii) attaches the forms prescribed by the
Internal Revenue Service of the United States certifying as to the Assignee's
status for purposes of determining exemption from United States withholding
taxes with respect to all payments to be made to the Assignee under the Credit
Agreement or such other documents as are necessary to indicate that all such
payments are subject to such rates at a rate reduced by an applicable tax
treaty].(1)

4.     Following the execution of this Assignment and Acceptance
by the Assignor and the Assignee and the consent of the Borrower, it will be
delivered to the Administrative Agent for acceptance and recording by the
Administrative Agent. The effective date of this Assignment and Acceptance shall
be the date of acceptance thereof by the Administrative Agent, unless otherwise
specified on Schedule 1 hereto (the "Effective Date").

5.     Upon such acceptance and recording by the Administrative
Agent, as of the Effective Date, (i) the Assignee shall be a party to the Credit
Agreement and, to the extent provided in this Assignment and Acceptance, have
the rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder and (ii) the Assignor shall,
to the extent provided in this Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish its rights
and be released from its obligations under the Credit Agreement.

6.     Upon such acceptance and recording by the Administrative
Agent, from and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make
all payments under the Credit Agreement in respect of the interest assigned
hereby (including, without limitation, all payments


(1)    If the Assignee is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside the
United States.



Assignment and Acceptance

<PAGE>   74




of principal, interest, Facility Fee and Utilization Fee with respect thereto)
to the Assignee. The Assignor and Assignee shall make all appropriate
adjustments in payments under the Credit Agreement for periods prior to the
Effective Date directly between themselves.

7.     This Assignment and Acceptance shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Assignment
and Acceptance to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly
authorized, as of the date first above written, such execution being made on
Schedule 1 hereto.




Assignment and Acceptance


<PAGE>   75


SCHEDULE 1
to
ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE


Percentage assigned to Assignee     _______________%

Assignee's Commitment               $______________

Aggregate outstanding principal

amount of A Advances assigned     $______________

Aggregate outstanding principal

amount of B Advances assigned     $______________

Effective Date (if other than

date of acceptance by

Administrative Agent)*                    __________ __, _____

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR], as Assignor

By
Title:




Schedule 1 to Assignment and Acceptance


<PAGE>   76





[NAME OF ASSIGNEE], as Assignee

By
Title:

Domestic Lending Office:

Eurodollar Lending Office:

*      This date should be no earlier than the date of acceptance by the
Administrative Agent.

Accepted this ____ day
of _______, _____


CITIBANK, N.A., as
Administrative Agent


By
Title:

CONSENTED TO:

THE MONY GROUP INC.

By
Title:




Schedule 1 to Assignment and Acceptance


<PAGE>   77



EXHIBIT C


[Form of Opinion of Counsel of the Borrower]

June [__], 2000

To the Banks party to the
Credit Agreement referred to
below

Citibank, N.A., as Administrative
Agent
2 Penns Way, Suite 200
New Castle, Delaware  19720

Ladies and Gentlemen:

I have acted as counsel to The MONY Group Inc. (the "Borrower") in
connection with the Credit Agreement (the "Credit Agreement") dated as of June
[23], 2000, among the Borrower, the lenders named therein and Citibank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent, providing for loans to be made by said lenders to the
Borrower in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding $150,000,000 (as the
same may be increased pursuant to Section 2.05(c) of the Credit Agreement).
Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used in this opinion letter as defined
therein. This opinion letter is being delivered pursuant to Section 3.01(e) of
the Credit Agreement.

In rendering the opinion expressed below, I, or attorneys under my
supervision, have examined the following agreements, instruments and other
documents:

(a)    the Credit Agreement; and

(b)    such corporate records of the Borrower and such other
documents as I have deemed necessary as a basis for the opinions
expressed below.

In my examination, I have assumed the genuineness of all
signatures (other than those of the Borrower), the authenticity of all documents
submitted to me as originals and the conformity with authentic original
documents of all documents submitted to me as copies. When relevant facts were
not independently established, I have relied upon certificates of governmental
officials and appropriate representatives of the Borrower and upon
representations made in or pursuant to the Credit Agreement.

In rendering the opinions expressed below, I have assumed, with
respect to all of the documents referred to in this opinion letter, that
(except, to the extent set forth in the opinions expressed below, as to the
Borrower):




Opinion of Counsel of the Borrower


<PAGE>   78


(i)    such documents have been duly authorized by, have been duly
executed and delivered by, and constitute legal, valid,
binding and enforceable obligations of, all of the parties
to such documents;

(ii)   all signatories to such documents have been duly
authorized; and

(iii)  all of the parties to such documents are duly organized
and validly existing and have the power and authority
(corporate or other) to execute, deliver and perform such
documents.

Based upon and subject to the foregoing and subject also to the
comments and qualifications set forth below, and having considered such
questions of law as I have deemed necessary as a basis for the opinions
expressed below, I am of the opinion that:

1.     The Borrower is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

2.     The Borrower has all requisite corporate power to execute
and deliver, and to perform its obligations and to incur liabilities
under, the Credit Agreement.

3.     The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of,
and the incurrence by the Borrower of liabilities under, the Credit
Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on
the part of the Borrower.

4.     The Credit Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
by the Borrower.

5.     The Credit Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and
binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in
accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to
or affecting the rights of creditors generally and except as the
enforceability of the Credit Agreement is subject to the application of
general principles of equity (regardless of whether considered in a
proceeding in equity or at law), including, without limitation, (a) the
possible unavailability of specific performance, injunctive relief or any
other equitable remedy and (b) concepts of materiality, reasonableness,
good faith and fair dealing.

6.     No authorization, approval or consent of, and no filing or
registration with, any governmental or regulatory authority or agency of
the United States of America or the State of New York is required on the
part of the Borrower for the execution, delivery or performance by the
Borrower of, or for the incurrence by the Borrower of any liabilities
under, the Credit Agreement.

7.     The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of,
and the consummation by the Borrower of the transactions contemplated by,
the Credit Agreement do not and will not (a) violate any provision of the
charter or by-laws of the



Opinion of Counsel of the Borrower


<PAGE>   79


Borrower, (b) violate any applicable law, rule or regulation of the
United States of America (including, without limitation, Regulations T, U
and X issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as
amended) or the State of New York, (c) violate any order, writ,
injunction or decree of any court or governmental authority or agency or
any arbitral award applicable to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries of
which I have knowledge (after due inquiry) or (d) result in a breach of,
constitute a default under, require any consent under, or result in the
acceleration or required prepayment of any indebtedness pursuant to the
terms of, any agreement or instrument of which I have knowledge (after
due inquiry) to which the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is a party or by
which any of them is bound or to which any of them is subject, or result
in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any property of the
Borrower pursuant to the terms of any such agreement or instrument.

8.     I have no knowledge (after due inquiry) of any legal or
arbitral proceedings, or any proceedings by or before any governmental or
regulatory authority or agency, now pending or threatened against or
affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
respective Properties that, if adversely determined, could have a
Material Adverse Effect.

9.     The Borrower is not an "investment company", or a Person
"controlled by" an "investment company", as such terms are defined in the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

The foregoing opinions are subject to the following comments and
qualifications:

(a)    The enforceability of Section 8.04(b) of the Credit
Agreement may be limited by laws limiting the enforceability of
provisions exculpating or exempting a party from, or requiring
indemnification of a party for, its own action or inaction, to the extent
such action or inaction involves gross negligence, recklessness or
willful or unlawful conduct.

(b)    The enforceability of provisions in the Credit Agreement to
the effect that terms may not be waived or modified except in writing may
be limited under certain circumstances.

(c)    I express no opinion as to (i) the effect of the laws of
any jurisdiction in which any Lender is located (other than the State of
New York) that limit the interest, fees or other charges such Lender may
impose, (ii) Section 2.16 of the Credit Agreement, (iii) the second
sentence of Section 8.07 of the Credit Agreement, insofar as such
sentence relates to the subject matter jurisdiction of the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York to adjudicate any
controversy related to the Credit Agreement, (iv) the waiver of
inconvenient forum set forth in Section 8.07 of the Credit Agreement with
respect to proceedings in the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York and (v) Section 8.08 of the Credit
Agreement.



Opinion of Counsel of the Borrower

<PAGE>   80


The foregoing opinions are limited to matters involving the
Federal laws of the United States, the law of the State of New York and the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and I do not express any
opinion as to the laws of any other jurisdiction.

At the request of the Borrower, this opinion letter is, pursuant
to Section 3.01(e) of the Credit Agreement, provided to you by me in my capacity
as Counsel of the Borrower and may not be relied upon by any Person for any
purpose other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by the
Credit Agreement without, in each instance, my prior written consent.



Very truly yours,



Opinion of Counsel of the Borrower


<PAGE>   81


EXHIBIT D


[Form of Opinion of Special New York
Counsel to the Administrative Agent]

June [__], 2000

To the Banks party to the
Credit Agreement referred to
below
Citibank, N.A., as Administrative
Agent
399 Park Avenue
New York, New York  10043

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as special New York counsel to Citibank, N.A. (the
"Administrative Agent"), as Administrative Agent, in connection with the Credit
Agreement dated as of June [23], 2000 (the "Credit Agreement") among The MONY
Group Inc. (the "Borrower"), the lenders named therein and the Administrative
Agent, providing for loans to be made by said lenders to the Borrower in an
aggregate principal amount not exceeding $150,000,000 (as the same may be
increased pursuant to Section 2.05(c) of the Credit Agreement). Terms defined in
the Credit Agreement are used herein as defined therein. This opinion is being
delivered pursuant to Section 3.01(f) of the Credit Agreement.

In rendering the opinions expressed below, we have examined the
Credit Agreement. In our examination, we have assumed the genuineness of all
signatures, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals and
the conformity with authentic original documents of all documents submitted to
us as copies.

In rendering the opinions expressed below, we have assumed, with
respect to the Credit Agreement, that:

(i)    the Credit Agreement has been duly authorized by, have been
duly executed and delivered by, and (except to the extent
set forth in the opinions below as to the Borrower)
constitutes legal, valid, binding and enforceable
obligations of, all of the parties thereto;

(ii)   all signatories to the Credit Agreement have been duly
authorized; and

(iii)  all of the parties to the Credit Agreement are duly
organized and validly existing and have the power and
authority (corporate or other) to execute, deliver and
perform the Credit Agreement.



Opinion of Special New York Counsel to the Administrative Agent

<PAGE>   82


Based upon and subject to the foregoing and subject also to the
comments and qualifications set forth below, and having considered such
questions of law as we have deemed necessary as a basis for the opinions
expressed below, we are of the opinion that the Credit Agreement constitutes the
legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against the
Borrower in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or
affecting the rights of creditors generally and except as the enforceability of
the Credit Agreement is subject to the application of general principles of
equity (regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law),
including, without limitation, (a) the possible unavailability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or any other equitable remedy and (b) concepts of
materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing.

The foregoing opinions are subject to the following comments and
qualifications:

(a)    The enforceability of Section 8.04(b) of the Credit
Agreement may be limited by laws limiting the enforceability of
provisions exculpating or exempting a party from, or requiring
indemnification of a party for, its own action or inaction, to the extent
such action or inaction involves gross negligence, recklessness or
willful or unlawful conduct.

(b)    The enforceability of provisions in the Credit Agreement to
the effect that terms may not be waived or modified except in writing may
be limited under certain circumstances.

(c)    We express no opinion as to (i) the effect of the laws of
any jurisdiction in which any Lender is located (other than the State of
New York) that limit the interest, fees or other charges such Lender may
impose, (ii) Section 2.16 of the Credit Agreement, (iii) the second
sentence of Section 8.07 of the Credit Agreement, insofar as such
sentence relates to the subject matter jurisdiction of the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York to adjudicate any
controversy related to the Credit Agreement, (iv) the waiver of
inconvenient forum set forth in Section 8.07 of the Credit Agreement with
respect to proceedings in the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York and (v) Section 8.08 of the Credit
Agreement.

The foregoing opinions are limited to matters involving the
Federal laws of the United States and the law of the State of New York, and we
do not express any opinion as to the laws of any other jurisdiction.



Opinion of Special New York Counsel to the Administrative Agent


<PAGE>   83



This opinion letter is, pursuant to Section 3.01(f) of the Credit
Agreement, provided to you by us in our capacity as special New York counsel to
the Administrative Agent and may not be relied upon by any Person for any
purpose other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by the
Credit Agreement without, in each instance, our prior written consent.


Very truly yours,


WFC

[File No. 26653-28700]




Opinion of Special New York Counsel to the Administrative Agent






