










Exhibit 10.2
CONFORMED COPY


$75,000,000

CREDIT AGREEMENT

dated as of

June 12, 1996

among

John Wiley & Sons, Inc.,

The Banks From Time to Time Parties Hereto

and

Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York,
as Agent
<PAGE>

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.01.  Definitions             1
SECTION 1.02.  Accounting Terms and
Determinations                        14


ARTICLE II

THE CREDITS

SECTION 2.01.  Commitments to Lend    15
SECTION 2.02.  Method of Borrowing    15
SECTION 2.03.  Notes                  17
SECTION 2.04.  Maturity of Loans      17
SECTION 2.05.  Interest Rates         17
SECTION 2.06.  Facility Fees          21
SECTION 2.07.  Optional Termination
or Reduction of Commitments           22
SECTION 2.08.  Mandatory
Termination of Commitments            22
SECTION 2.09.  Optional Prepayments   22
SECTION 2.10.  General Provisions
as to Payments                        22
SECTION 2.11.  Funding Losses         23
SECTION 2.12.  Computation of
Interest and Fees                     23
SECTION 2.13.  Withholding Tax
Exemption                             24
SECTION 2.14.  Change of Control      24


ARTICLE III

CONDITIONS

SECTION 3.01.  Effectiveness          26
SECTION 3.02.  Borrowings             27

<PAGE>

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

SECTION 4.01.  Corporate Existence
and Power                             28
SECTION 4.02.  Corporate and
Governmental Authorization; No
Contravention                         28
SECTION 4.03.  Binding Effect         29
SECTION 4.04.  Financial
Information                           29
SECTION 4.05.  Litigation             29
SECTION 4.06.  Compliance with
ERISA                                 30
SECTION 4.07.  Taxes                  30
SECTION 4.08.  Subsidiaries           30
SECTION 4.09.  Not an Investment
Company                               31
SECTION 4.10.  Status of Notes        31
SECTION 4.11.  Environmental
Matters                               31


ARTICLE V

COVENANTS

SECTION 5.01.  Information            31
SECTION 5.02.  Payment of Taxes;
Insurance; Maintenance of Corporate
Existence                             34
SECTION 5.03.  Maintenance of
Property; Conduct of Business         35
SECTION 5.04.  Compliance with Laws   35
SECTION 5.05.  Inspection of
Property, Books and Records           36
SECTION 5.06.  Limitation on Liens    36
SECTION 5.07.  Consolidations,
Mergers and Sales of Assets           38
SECTION 5.08.  Use of Proceeds        38
SECTION 5.09.  Subsidiary Debt        38
SECTION 5.10.  Consolidated
Shareholders' Equity                  38
SECTION 5.11.  Debt to Subsidiaries   38
SECTION 5.12.  EBIT/TD Ratio          38
SECTION 5.13.  Restricted Payments
and Guarantees                        39


ARTICLE VI

DEFAULTS

SECTION 6.01.  Events of Default      39
SECTION 6.02.  Notice of Default      42

<PAGE>

ARTICLE VII

THE AGENT

SECTION 7.01.  Appointment and
Authorization                         42
SECTION 7.02.  Agent and Affiliates   42
SECTION 7.03.  Action by Agent        42
SECTION 7.04.  Consultation with
Experts                               42
SECTION 7.05.  Liability of Agent     42
SECTION 7.06.  Indemnification        43
SECTION 7.07.  Credit Decision        43
SECTION 7.08.  Successor Agent        43
SECTION 7.09.  Agent's Fee            44


ARTICLE VIII

CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCES

SECTION 8.01.  Basis for
Determining Interest Rate
Inadequate or Unfair                  44
SECTION 8.02.  Illegality             45
SECTION 8.03.  Increased Cost and
Reduced Return                        45
SECTION 8.04.  Base Rate Loans
Substituted for Affected Fixed Rate
Loans                                 47


ARTICLE IX

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 9.01.  Notices                48
SECTION 9.02.  No Waivers             48
SECTION 9.03.  Expenses;
Documentary Taxes; Indemnification    48
SECTION 9.04.  Sharing of Set-Offs    49
SECTION 9.05.  Amendments and
Waivers                               50
SECTION 9.06.  Successors and
Assigns                               50
SECTION 9.07.  Collateral             52
SECTION 9.08.  New York Law           52
SECTION 9.09.  Counterparts;
Integration                           52

<PAGE>


Exhibit A -   Note

Exhibit B -   Opinion of Counsel for the Borrower


<PAGE>
CREDIT AGREEMENT



AGREEMENT  dated as of June 12, 1996  among  JOHN
WILEY  &  SONS,  INC., the BANKS from time to  time  parties
hereto  and  MORGAN GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY OF NEW  YORK,  as
Agent.

The parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS


SECTION 1.01.  Definitions.  The following terms,
as used herein, have the following meanings:

"Acquisition"  means  the  Acquisition  by   the
Borrower  of  90% of the outstanding capital  stock  of  VCH
Publishing  Group from Pallas Investment Group,  the  German
Chemical Society and the German Pharmaceutical Society.

"Adjusted CD Rate" has the meaning set  forth  in
Section 2.05(b).

"Adjusted London Interbank Offered Rate" has  the
meaning set forth in Section 2.05(c).

"Administrative Questionnaire" means, with respect
to  each Bank, the administrative questionnaire in the  form
submitted  to  such Bank by the Agent and submitted  to  the
Agent  (with a copy to the Borrower) duly completed by  such
Bank.

"Agent" means Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New
York  in its capacity as agent for the Banks hereunder,  and
its successors in such capacity.

"Applicable Lending Office" means, with respect to
any  Bank,  (i)  in  the  case of its  Domestic  Loans,  its
Domestic  Lending  Office  and  (ii)  in  the  case  of  its
Euro-Dollar Loans, its Euro-Dollar Lending Office.

"Applicable Margin" has the meaning set forth  in
Section 2.05(e).

"Assessment  Rate" has the meaning set  forth  in
Section 2.05(b).

"Assignee" has the meaning set forth  in  Section
9.06(c).
<PAGE>
"Bank" means Morgan, each Assignee which becomes a
Bank  pursuant  to  Section 9.06(c),  and  their  respective
successors.

"Base Rate" means, for any day, a rate per  annum
equal  to the higher of (i) the Prime Rate for such day  and
(ii)  the  sum of 1/2 of 1% plus the Federal Funds Rate  for
such day.

"Base Rate Loan" means a Loan to be made by a Bank
as  a  Base  Rate Loan pursuant to the applicable Notice  of
Borrowing or Article VIII.

"Benefit  Arrangement"  means  at  any  time  an
employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3)  of
ERISA  which is not a Plan or a Multiemployer Plan and which
is  maintained or otherwise contributed to by any member  of
the ERISA Group.

"Board"  means  the  Board of  Directors  of  the
Borrower or a committee of directors lawfully exercising the
relevant powers of the Board.

"Borrower" means John Wiley & Sons, Inc.,  a  New
York corporation, and its successors.

"Borrower's 1995 Form 10-K" means the  Borrower's
annual  report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended  April
30,   1995,  as  filed  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange
Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

"Borrowing" means a borrowing hereunder consisting
of  Loans made to the Borrower at the same time by the Banks
pursuant   to  Article  II.   A  Borrowing  is  a  "Domestic
Borrowing"   if  such  Loans  are  Domestic   Loans   or   a
"Euro-Dollar Borrowing" if such Loans are Euro-Dollar Loans.
A  Domestic  Borrowing is a "CD Borrowing" if such  Domestic
Loans  are  CD  Loans  or a "Base Rate  Borrowing"  if  such
Domestic Loans are Base Rate Loans.

"Capital Lease" means any lease of property which,
in  accordance  with  GAAP, should  be  capitalized  on  the
lessee's balance sheet; and "Capital Lease Obligation" means
the amount of the liability which should be so capitalized.

"CD  Base  Rate"  has the meaning  set  forth  in
Section 2.05(b).

"CD Loan" means a Loan to be made by a Bank as  a
CD Loan pursuant to the applicable Notice of Borrowing.
<PAGE>

"College  Publishing Segment" means the  business
segment of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries attributable to
textbooks  and  other  related materials  for  colleges  and
universities.

"Commitment" means (i) with respect to each  Bank
listed  on the signature pages hereof, the amount set  forth
opposite  its  name on the signature pages hereof  and  (ii)
with  respect to each Assignee or other Person which becomes
a Bank pursuant to Section 9.06(c), the amount of Commitment
thereby  assumed by it, in each case as such amount  may  be
reduced  from  time  to time pursuant to  Sections  2.07  or
9.06(c)  or increased from time to time pursuant to  Section
9.06(c).

"Consolidated EBIT" means, for any fiscal period,
Consolidated Net Income for such period plus, to the  extent
deducted  in  determining Consolidated Net Income  for  such
period,  the  aggregate amount of (i) Consolidated  Interest
Charges and (ii) provision for income taxes.

"Consolidated  Interest Charges" means,  for  any
fiscal  period,  the aggregate amount of  interest  charges,
whether expensed or capitalized, incurred or accrued by  the
Borrower  and  its  Consolidated  Subsidiaries  during  such
period.

"Consolidated Net Income" means the  consolidated
net   income   of   the   Borrower  and   its   Consolidated
Subsidiaries, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding

(A)  the proceeds of any life insurance policy to
the  extent,  if  any,  that such  proceeds  have  been
included in consolidated net income,

(B)  after-tax gains arising from (1) the sale or
other  disposition of any assets (other than  sales  in
the Ordinary Course of Business) to the extent that the
aggregate  amount  of  the gain exceeds  the  aggregate
amount  of losses from the sale, abandonment  or  other
disposition of assets (other than sales in the Ordinary
Course of Business), (2) any write-up of assets to  the
extent,  if  any,  such write-up has been  included  in
consolidated  net  income, or (3)  the  acquisition  of
outstanding  Debt  securities of the  Borrower  or  any
Subsidiary,

(C)  any amount representing any interest in  the
undistributed earnings of any other Person (other  than
a Subsidiary),
<PAGE>

(D)  any earnings, prior the date of acquisition,
of  any Person acquired in any manner, and any earnings
of   any   Subsidiary  accrued  prior  to  becoming   a
Subsidiary,  to  the  extent, if  any,  that  any  such
earnings have been included in consolidated net income,

(E)  any earnings of a successor to or transferee
of  the  assets of the Borrower prior to becoming  such
successor  or transferee, to the extent, if  any,  that
any  such  earnings have been included in  consolidated
net income,

(F)   any deferred credit (or amortization  of  a
deferred  credit)  arising from  the  creation  of  the
negative  goodwill pursuant to the acquisition  of  any
Person, and

(G)   any  portion  of  the  net  income  of  any
Subsidiary  which  for any reason  is  unavailable  for
payment of dividends.

"Consolidated  Net  Worth"  means   Consolidated
Shareholders' Equity minus the aggregate net book  value  of
the  following to the extent, if any, that such  items  were
included   in   consolidated   assets   or   deducted   from
consolidated    liabilities   in   computing    Consolidated
Shareholders' Equity:

(A)  the amount (if any) by which the sum of

(1) the aggregate amount of Investments
described  in subsection (C) of the definition  of
Restricted Investments plus

(2)   other Restricted Investments made
after May 1, 1994,

exceeds $10,000,000, and

(B)   any write-up of assets (other than  current
assets  and  other than any write-up arising  from  the
acquisition  of  any Person in the Ordinary  Course  of
Business) made after May 1, 1994.

"Consolidated  Shareholders'  Equity"  means  the
consolidated  total shareholders' equity (including  capital
stock, additional paid-in capital, retained earnings and any
accumulated  translation adjustment as reduced  by  treasury
stock)  in  the  Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries,
determined in accordance with GAAP.
<PAGE>

"Consolidated Subsidiary" means at any  date  any
Subsidiary  or other entity the accounts of which  would  be
consolidated  with those of the Borrower in its consolidated
financial statements if such statements were prepared as  of
such date.

"Debt" means all obligations for borrowed  money,
including (A) any obligation owed for all or any part of the
purchase  price of property or other assets or for  services
or  for the cost of property or other assets constructed  or
of  improvements thereto, other than trade accounts  payable
included  in current liabilities and incurred in respect  of
property  or  services purchased in the ordinary  course  of
business  that  are not more than 90 days overdue,  (B)  any
Capital Lease Obligation, (C) any obligation (whether  fixed
or  contingent)  to reimburse any bank or  other  Person  in
respect of amounts paid or payable under a standby letter of
credit  and (D) any Guarantee with respect to Debt  (of  the
kind  otherwise  described in this  definition)  of  another
Person.

"Default"  means  any condition  or  event  which
constitutes an Event of Default or which with the giving  of
notice  or  lapse  of time or both would,  unless  cured  or
waived, become an Event of Default.

"Derivatives Obligations" of any Person means all
obligations  of  such Person in respect  of  any  rate  swap
transaction, basis swap, forward rate transaction, commodity
swap,  commodity option, equity or equity index swap, equity
or  equity index option, bond option, interest rate  option,
foreign   exchange   transaction,  cap  transaction,   floor
transaction,  collar transaction, currency swap transaction,
cross-currency rate swap transaction, currency option or any
other similar transaction (including any option with respect
to  any of the foregoing transactions) or any combination of
the foregoing transactions.

"Designated Business" means the College Publishing
Segment or the Scientific and Technical Publishing Segment.

"Domestic  Business Day" means any day  except  a
Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial  banks  in
New York City are authorized by law to close.
<PAGE>
"Domestic Lending Office" means, as to each Bank,
its   office  located  at  its  address  set  forth  in  its
Administrative   Questionnaire   (or   identified   in   its
Administrative Questionnaire as its Domestic Lending Office)
or such other office as such Bank may hereafter designate as
its  Domestic  Lending Office by notice to the Borrower  and
the  Agent; provided that any Bank may so designate separate
Domestic Lending Offices for its Base Rate Loans, on the one
hand, and its CD Loans, on the other hand, in which case all
references  herein to the Domestic Lending  Office  of  such
Bank  shall  be deemed to refer to either or  both  of  such
offices, as the context may require.

"Domestic  Loans"  means CD Loans  or  Base  Rate
Loans or both.

"Domestic Reserve Percentage" has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.05(b).

"EBIT/TD  Ratio"  means at  any  date  the  ratio
(expressed as a percentage) of (i) Consolidated EBIT for the
four  consecutive  fiscal quarters of the Borrower  and  its
Consolidated Subsidiaries ending on such date to (ii)  Total
Debt at such date.

"Effective  Date" means the date  this  Agreement
becomes effective in accordance with Section 3.01.

"Environmental Laws" means any and  all  federal,
state,   local  and  foreign  statutes,  laws,  regulations,
ordinances,  rules,  judgments,  orders,  decrees,  permits,
concessions,  grants,  franchises, licenses,  agreements  or
other  governmental restrictions relating to the environment
or  to  emissions,  discharges or  releases  of  pollutants,
contaminants, petroleum or petroleum products, chemicals  or
industrial, toxic or hazardous substances or wastes into the
environment  including,  without  limitation,  ambient  air,
surface  water, ground water, or land, or otherwise relating
to   the   manufacture,   processing,   distribution,   use,
treatment,  storage,  disposal,  transport  or  handling  of
pollutants,  contaminants, petroleum or petroleum  products,
chemicals  or  industrial, toxic or hazardous substances  or
wastes or the clean-up or other remediation thereof.

"ERISA"  means  the  Employee  Retirement  Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended.

"ERISA  Group" means the Borrower, any Subsidiary
and  all  members of a controlled group of corporations  and
all trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under
common  control  which, together with the  Borrower  or  any
Subsidiary,  are treated as a single employer under  Section
414 of the Internal Revenue Code.
<PAGE>

"Euro-Dollar  Business Day"  means  any  Domestic
Business  Day  on  which  commercial  banks  are  open   for
international   business  (including  dealings   in   dollar
deposits) in London.

"Euro-Dollar Lending Office" means,  as  to  each
Bank, its office, branch or affiliate located at its address
set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire (or identified
in  its  Administrative  Questionnaire  as  its  Euro-Dollar
Lending Office) or such other office, branch or affiliate of
such  Bank  as it may hereafter designate as its Euro-Dollar
Lending Office by notice to the Borrower and the Agent.

"Euro-Dollar Loan" means a Loan to be made  by  a
Bank as a Euro-Dollar Loan pursuant to the applicable Notice
of Borrowing.

"Euro-Dollar Reserve Percentage" has the  meaning
set forth in Section 2.05(c).

"Event  of Default" has the meaning set forth  in
Section 6.01.

"Federal Funds Rate" means, for any day, the rate
per  annum  (rounded upwards, if necessary, to  the  nearest
1/100th of 1%) equal to the weighted average of the rates on
overnight  Federal funds transactions with  members  of  the
Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers  on
such  day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank  of  New
York  on the Domestic Business Day next succeeding such day,
provided  that  (i)  if such day is not a Domestic  Business
Day,  the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate
on such transactions on the next preceding Domestic Business
Day as so published on the next succeeding Domestic Business
Day,  and (ii) if no such rate is so published on such  next
succeeding Domestic Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for
such day shall be the average rate quoted to Morgan Guaranty
Trust  Company of New York on such day on such  transactions
as determined by the Agent.

"Fixed Rate Borrowing" means a CD Borrowing or  a
Euro-Dollar Borrowing.

"Fixed  Rate Loans" means CD Loans or Euro-Dollar
Loans or both.

"GAAP"   means  generally  accepted   accounting
principles  as in effect at the time of application  to  the
provisions hereof.
<PAGE>

"Guarantee"   means  any  guarantee   or   other
contingent   liability  (other  than  any  endorsement   for
collection  or deposit in the ordinary course of  business),
direct  or  indirect,  with respect  to  any  obligation  of
another   Person,   through  an  agreement   or   otherwise,
including, without limitation, (A) any other endorsement  or
discount   with   recourse   or  undertaking   substantially
equivalent  to  or  having  economic  effect  similar  to  a
guarantee  in  respect of any such obligation  and  (B)  any
agreement (1) to purchase, or to advance or supply funds for
the  payment  or  purchase of, any such obligation,  (2)  to
purchase,  sell  or lease property, products,  materials  or
supplies,  or  transportation or  services,  in  respect  of
enabling such other Person to pay any such obligation or  to
assure  the  owner  thereof against loss regardless  of  the
delivery or nondelivery of the property, products, materials
or supplies or transportation or services or (3) to make any
loan, advance or capital contribution to or other investment
in,  or  to  otherwise provide funds to or for,  such  other
Person  in  respect of enabling such Person to  satisfy  any
obligation  (including any liability for a  dividend,  stock
liquidation  payment  or expense) or  to  assure  a  minimum
equity, working capital or other balance sheet condition  in
respect of any such obligation.

The amount of any Guarantee shall be equal to the
outstanding amount of the obligation directly or  indirectly
guaranteed.

"Interest Period" means:  (1) with respect to each
Euro-Dollar Borrowing, the period commencing on the date  of
such  Borrowing  and ending one, two, three  or  six  months
thereafter,  as  the Borrower may elect  in  the  applicable
Notice of Borrowing; provided that:

(a)    any  Interest  Period  which   would
otherwise  end on a day which is not a Euro-Dollar
Business  Day  shall  be  extended  to  the   next
succeeding  Euro-Dollar Business Day  unless  such
Euro-Dollar Business Day falls in another calendar
month,  in  which case such Interest Period  shall
end  on  the  next preceding Euro-Dollar  Business
Day;

(b)  any Interest Period which begins on the
last  Euro-Dollar Business Day of a calendar month
(or  on  a  day for which there is no  numerically
corresponding day in the calendar month at the end
of  such Interest Period) shall, subject to clause
(c)  below,  end on the last Euro-Dollar  Business
Day of a calendar month; and
<PAGE>

(c)    any  Interest  Period  which   would
otherwise end after the Termination Date shall end
on the Termination Date.

(2)    with  respect  to  each  CD  Borrowing,  the   period
commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending 30,  60,
90  or 180 days thereafter, as the Borrower may elect in the
applicable Notice of Borrowing; provided that:

(a)   any  Interest Period  (other  than  an
Interest Period determined pursuant to clause  (b)
below) which would otherwise end on a day which is
not  a  Euro-Dollar Business Day shall be extended
to  the next succeeding Euro-Dollar Business  Day;
and

(b)    any  Interest  Period  which   would
otherwise end after the Termination Date shall end
on the Termination Date.

(3)  with respect to each Base Rate Borrowing, the period
commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending 30
days thereafter; provided that:

(a)   any  Interest Period  (other  than  an
Interest Period determined pursuant to clause  (b)
below) which would otherwise end on a day which is
not  a  Euro-Dollar Business Day shall be extended
to  the next succeeding Euro-Dollar Business  Day;
and

(b)    any  Interest  Period  which   would
otherwise end after the Termination Date shall end
on the Termination Date.

"Internal Revenue Code" means the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor statute.

"Investment"  means any investment so  classified
under  GAAP,  made by stock purchase, capital  contribution,
loan or advance or by purchase of property or otherwise, but
in  any  event shall include as an investment in any  Person
the  amount of all Debt owed by such Person and all accounts
receivable from such Person which are not current assets  or
did  not  arise  from sales to such Person in  the  ordinary
course of business.
<PAGE>

"Lien"  means,  with respect to  any  asset,  any
mortgage,   lien,  pledge,  charge,  security  interest   or
encumbrance of any kind in respect of such asset.   For  the
purposes  of this Agreement, the Borrower or any  Subsidiary
shall be deemed to own subject to a Lien any asset which  it
has acquired or holds subject to the interest of a vendor or
lessor  under any conditional sale agreement, capital  lease
or other title retention agreement relating to such asset.

"Loan" means a Domestic Loan or a Euro-Dollar Loan
and  "Loans"  means Domestic Loans or Euro-Dollar  Loans  or
both.

"London  Interbank Offered Rate" has the  meaning
set forth in Section 2.05(c).

"Material Debt" means Debt (other than the Notes)
of  the  Borrower  and/or one or more of  its  Subsidiaries,
arising in one or more related or unrelated transactions, in
an aggregate principal amount exceeding $1,000,000.

"Material Financial Obligations" means a principal
or  face  amount of Debt and/or payment or collateralization
obligations  in  respect of Derivatives Obligations  of  the
Borrower and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries, arising  in
one or more related or unrelated transactions, exceeding  in
the aggregate $1,000,000.

"Material Plan" means at any time a Plan or Plans
having   aggregate  Unfunded  Liabilities   in   excess   of
$10,000,000.

"Morgan"  means Morgan Guaranty Trust Company  of
New  York; provided that, when used in Section 2.05 or  8.01
with  reference to any Euro-Dollar Loan, the  term  "Morgan"
shall  mean  the principal London office of Morgan  Guaranty
Trust Company of New York.

"Notes"  means promissory notes of the  Borrower,
substantially  in  the form of Exhibit A hereto,  evidencing
the  obligation  of  the Borrower to repay  the  Loans,  and
"Note"  means  any  one  of  such  promissory  notes  issued
hereunder.

"Notice of Borrowing" has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.02.
<PAGE>

"Operating Lease" means any lease, other  than  a
Capital  Lease, of real or personal property; and "Operating
Lease  Rentals"  means  the sum  of  the  rental  and  other
obligations  required  to be paid by the  lessees  under  an
Operating Lease excluding any amount required to be paid  by
the  Lessee (whether or not therein designated as rental  or
additional  rental)  on  account  of  maintenance,  repairs,
insurance,  taxes,  assessments,  water  rates  and  similar
charges.

"Ordinary   Course   of  Business"   means   the
activities,  events and transactions of  the  Borrower  that
would  reasonably  be expected to recur in  the  foreseeable
future, do not possess a high degree of abnormality and  are
not  unrelated  to,  or only incidentally  related  to,  the
publishing  and marketing of books, journals and information
services  in  all  formats  and  computer  software  related
thereto; the importing, adapting and marketing of works from
other publishers and the designing and marketing of teaching
and  training materials for business and professional users.
For   purposes  of  this  Agreement,  sales,   directly   or
indirectly,  of  book lists, publishing or training  product
lines,   or  other  similar  forms  of  publication   rights
(excluding  sales in one transaction or a series of  related
transactions  of all or substantially all of any  Designated
Business) shall be deemed to be sales in the Ordinary Course
of Business.

"Parent"  means, with respect to  any  Bank,  any
Person controlling such Bank.

"Participant" has the meaning set forth in Section
9.06(b).

"PBGC"   means  the  Pension  Benefit   Guaranty
Corporation or any entity succeeding to any or  all  of  its
functions under ERISA.

"Person"  means an individual, a  corporation,  a
partnership, an association, a trust or any other entity  or
organization,   including   a   government   or    political
subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

"Plan"  means  at  any time an  employee  pension
benefit  plan  (other than a Multiemployer  Plan)  which  is
covered  by  Title  IV of ERISA or subject  to  the  minimum
funding  standards under Section 412 of the Internal Revenue
Code and either (i) is maintained, or contributed to, by any
member of the ERISA Group for employees of any member of the
ERISA  Group  or (ii) has at any time within  the  preceding
five years been maintained, or contributed to, by any Person
which  was  at  such time a member of the  ERISA  Group  for
employees  of any Person which was at such time a member  of
the ERISA Group.
<PAGE>

"Prime  Rate" means the rate of interest publicly
announced  by Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New  York  in
New York City from time to time as its Prime Rate.

"Refunding  Borrowing" means a  Borrowing  which,
after application of the proceeds thereof, results in no net
increase  in the outstanding principal amount of Loans  made
by any Bank.

"Regulation U" means Regulation U of the Board of
Governors  of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect  from
time to time.

"Required Banks" means at any time Banks having at
least 66 2/3% of the aggregate amount of the Commitments or,
if the Commitments shall have been terminated, holding Notes
evidencing  at  least  66  2/3%  of  the  aggregate   unpaid
principal amount of the Loans.

"Restricted Guarantee" means any Guarantee of the
Borrower  or  a  Subsidiary in respect of any obligation  of
another Person other than

(A)  any Guarantee of the Borrower in respect  of
any Subsidiary, and

(B)   any  Guarantee in respect of  Debt  to  the
extent  such Debt is secured by a Capital Lease of  the
Borrower or a Subsidiary.

"Restricted  Investment"  means  any  Investment,
other than

(A)    any   Investment  in  (1)  a   marketable
obligation,  maturing within one year after acquisition
thereof,  issued or guaranteed by the United States  of
America or an instrumentality or agency thereof, (2)  a
certificate  of  deposit or other obligation,  maturing
within one year after acquisition thereof, issued by  a
United  States national or state bank or trust  company
having  capital, surplus and undivided  profits  of  at
least  $100,000,000, (3) open market commercial  paper,
maturing  within  270  days after acquisition  thereof,
which  has the highest credit rating of either Standard
&  Poor's  Corporation  ("S&P")  or  Moody's  Investors
Service,   Inc.   ("Moody's"),  (4)   adjustable   rate
preferred  stocks  or  money  market  preferred  stocks
issued by a corporation organized under the laws of the
United States or a state thereof which have one of  the
two  highest ratings of either S&P or Moody's and which
mature  (or are redeemable at the option of the holder)
within twelve months after the acquisition thereof  and
(5)  commercial paper or notes issued by a governmental
authority  located in the United States, which  are  of
credit  quality not lower than that of the  investments
referred  to in clause (4) above and which  mature  (or
are  redeemable  at  the option of the  holder)  within
twelve months after the acquisition thereof,
<PAGE>

(B)  any Investment in a Subsidiary, and

(C)  any Investment hereafter acquired in exchange
for,  or  out  of  the  net  cash  proceeds  from   the
substantially concurrent sale of, common shares of  the
Borrower.

In  computing the amount of any Restricted Investment in any
Person,  unrealized  increases or  decreases  in  value,  or
write-ups,   write-downs   or   write-offs   of   Restricted
Investments  in the Person shall be disregarded  (except  to
the  extent included in the determination of net  income  of
the Borrower or a Subsidiary).

"Restricted Payment" means

(A)   the declaration of any dividend on, or  the
incurrence  of any liability to make any other  payment
or  distribution  in  respect of,  any  shares  of  the
Borrower  (other than one payable solely in its  common
shares), and

(B)  any payment or distribution on account of the
purchase, redemption or other retirement of any  shares
of  the  Borrower, or of any warrant, option  or  other
right  to acquire such shares, or any other payment  or
distribution  (other  than  pursuant  to   a   dividend
theretofore declared or liability theretofore  incurred
as  specified  in  Subsection  (A)),  made  in  respect
thereof,  either  directly or  indirectly,  except  any
payment or distribution on account of (1) the principal
of  and prepayment charge, if any, on convertible Debt,
or  (2) the purchase, redemption or other retirement of
shares  of the Borrower in exchange for, or out of  the
net  cash  proceeds  received by the  Borrower  from  a
substantially concurrent sale of, other shares  of  the
Borrower.

The  amount of the any Restricted Payment in property  shall
be deemed to be the greater of its fair value (as determined
by the Board) or its net book value.

"Revolving  Credit Period" means the period  from
and  including  the Effective Date to but not including  the
Termination Date.

"Scientific  and  Technical  Publishing  Segment"
means  that portion of the business of the Borrower and  its
Subsidiaries   attributable  to  technical  and   scientific
publications.
<PAGE>
"Subsidiary" of any designated Person  means  any
Person  or  other entity at least a majority of  the  Voting
Stock (or comparable ownership interests) of which is at the
time  owned by the designated Person and/or one or  more  of
its  Subsidiaries.  Except as otherwise expressly  indicated
herein,  references to Subsidiaries shall mean  Subsidiaries
of the Borrower.

"Subsidiary  Debt"  means  the   Debt   of   all
Subsidiaries  of  the Borrower, consolidated  in  accordance
with GAAP.

"Termination Date" means June 11,  1997,  or,  if
such  day  is  not  a  Euro-Dollar Business  Day,  the  next
preceding Euro-Dollar Business Day.

"Total  Debt"  means at any  date  the  aggregate
amount   of  Debt  of  the  Borrower  and  its  Consolidated
Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis as of  such
date.

"Unfunded Liabilities" means, with respect to any
Plan  at  any  time, the amount (if any) by  which  (i)  the
present  value  of  all  benefits under  such  Plan  exceeds
(ii)  the fair market value of all Plan assets allocable  to
such    benefits   (excluding   any   accrued   but   unpaid
contributions),  all determined as of the then  most  recent
valuation  date for such Plan, but only to the  extent  that
such excess represents a potential liability of a member  of
the  ERISA Group to the PBGC or any other Person under Title
IV of ERISA.

"Voting  Stock" means shares of a Person  of  the
class  or classes having general voting power (not depending
on   the   happening  of  a  contingency)   under   ordinary
circumstances to elect a majority of the Board.  As  of  the
date  of  this  Agreement, the Class B Stock is  the  Voting
Stock of the Borrower.

SECTION    1.02.     Accounting    Terms    and
Determinations.   All financial statements provided  for  in
this Agreement shall be prepared, all financial computations
hereunder shall be made, and all accounting terms shall have
the  meanings given to them, in accordance with GAAP, except
as  otherwise  provided in this Agreement.  Any consolidated
or    consolidating   financial   statement   or   financial
computation   with   respect  to  the   Borrower   and   its
Subsidiaries  required by this Agreement shall  be  done  in
accordance  with  GAAP, and if at the  time  that  any  such
statement or computation is required to be made the Borrower
shall  not  have  any  Subsidiary such terms  shall  mean  a
financial statement or a financial computation, as the  case
may be, with respect to the Borrower only.
<PAGE>
ARTICLE II

THE CREDITS

SECTION  2.01.  Commitments to Lend.  During  the
Revolving Credit Period each Bank severally agrees,  on  the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, to lend to
the  Borrower from time to time amounts not to exceed in the
aggregate  at  any one time outstanding the  amount  of  its
Commitment.  Each Borrowing under this Section 2.01 shall be
in an aggregate principal amount of $5,000,000 or any larger
multiple  of $1,000,000 (except that any such Borrowing  may
be  in  the aggregate amount of the unused Commitments)  and
shall  be  made from the several Banks ratably in proportion
to  their  respective  Commitments.   Within  the  foregoing
limits,  the  Borrower may borrow under this  Section  2.01,
repay,  or  to the extent permitted by Section 2.09,  prepay
Loans  and reborrow at any time during the Revolving  Credit
Period under this Section 2.01.

SECTION  2.02.   Method of Borrowing.   (a)   The
Borrower   shall  give  the  Agent  notice  (a  "Notice   of
Borrowing") not later than 10:30 A.M. (New York  City  time)
on  (i)  the  second Domestic Business Day  before  each  CD
Borrowing,  (ii) the date of each Base Rate  Borrowing,  and
(iii)  the  third  Euro-Dollar  Business  Day  before   each
Euro-Dollar Borrowing, specifying:

(i)  the date of such Borrowing, which shall
be  a  Domestic  Business Day in  the  case  of  a
Domestic  Borrowing or a Euro-Dollar Business  Day
in the case of a Euro-Dollar Borrowing,

(ii)  the aggregate amount of such Borrowing,

(iii)   whether  the  Loans  comprising  such
Borrowing are to be CD Loans, Base Rate  Loans  or
Euro-Dollar Loans, and

(iv)   in the case of a Fixed Rate Borrowing,
the  duration  of  the Interest Period  applicable
thereto,   subject  to  the  provisions   of   the
definition of Interest Period.

(b)   Upon receipt of a Notice of Borrowing,  the
Agent  shall  promptly  notify each  Bank  of  the  contents
thereof  and of such Bank's ratable share of such  Borrowing
and  such  Notice  of  Borrowing  shall  not  thereafter  be
revocable by the Borrower.
<PAGE>

(c)   Not  later than 12:00 noon (New  York  City
time) on the date of each Borrowing, each Bank shall (except
as   provided  in  subsection  (d)  of  this  Section)  make
available its ratable share of such Borrowing (determined in
accordance  with Section 2.01), in Federal  or  other  funds
immediately available in New York City, to the Agent at  its
address  specified in or pursuant to Section  9.01.   Unless
the  Agent  determines in its reasonable judgment  that  any
applicable condition specified in Article III has  not  been
satisfied,  the Agent will make the funds so  received  from
the Banks available to the Borrower at the Agent's aforesaid
address.

(d)  If any Bank makes a new Loan hereunder on  a
day on which the Borrower is to repay all or any part of  an
outstanding Loan from such Bank, such Bank shall  apply  the
proceeds of its new Loan to make such repayment and only  an
amount  equal to the difference (if any) between the  amount
being  borrowed and the amount being repaid  shall  be  made
available  by  such  Bank  to  the  Agent  as  provided   in
subsection (c) of this Section, or remitted by the  Borrower
to  the  Agent as provided in Section 2.10, as the case  may
be.

(e)   Unless the Agent shall have received notice
from  a  Bank prior to the date of any Borrowing  that  such
Bank  will not make available to the Agent such Bank's share
of  such Borrowing, the Agent may assume that such Bank  has
made  such share available to the Agent on the date of  such
Borrowing in accordance with subsections (c) and (d) of this
Section  2.02  and  the  Agent may, in  reliance  upon  such
assumption,  make available to the Borrower on such  date  a
corresponding amount.  If and to the extent that  such  Bank
shall  not  have so made such share available to the  Agent,
such  Bank and the Borrower severally agree to repay to  the
Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together
with  interest  thereon, for each day  from  the  date  such
amount is made available to the Borrower until the date such
amount  is  repaid to the Agent, at (i) in the case  of  the
Borrower,  a  rate  per annum equal to  the  higher  of  the
Federal  Funds Rate and the interest rate applicable thereto
pursuant to Section 2.05 and (ii) in the case of such  Bank,
the  Federal  Funds Rate.  If such Bank shall repay  to  the
Agent such corresponding amount, such amount so repaid shall
constitute  such Bank's Loan included in such Borrowing  for
purposes of this Agreement.

SECTION 2.03.  Notes.  (a)  The Loans of each Bank
shall be evidenced by a single Note payable to the order  of
such  Bank for the account of its Applicable Lending  Office
in  an amount equal to the aggregate unpaid principal amount
of such Bank's Loans.
<PAGE>
(b)  Each Bank may, by notice to the Borrower and
the  Agent, request that its Loans of a particular  type  be
evidenced  by  a  separate Note in an amount  equal  to  the
aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Loans.  Each  such
Note  shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto
with  appropriate modifications to reflect the fact that  it
evidences solely Loans of the relevant type.  Each reference
in this Agreement to the "Note" of such Bank shall be deemed
to  refer  to and include any or all of such Notes,  as  the
context may require.

(c)  Upon receipt of each Bank's Note pursuant to
Section  3.01(b), the Agent shall forward such Note to  such
Bank.   Each  Bank shall record the date, amount,  type  and
maturity of each Loan made by it and the date and amount  of
each  payment of principal made by the Borrower with respect
thereto, and may, if such Bank so elects in connection  with
any  transfer  or enforcement of its Note,  endorse  on  the
schedule  forming  a part thereof appropriate  notations  to
evidence the foregoing information with respect to each such
Loan then outstanding; provided that the failure of any Bank
to make any such recordation or endorsement shall not affect
the  obligations  of  the Borrower hereunder  or  under  the
Notes.   Each Bank is hereby irrevocably authorized  by  the
Borrower so to endorse its Note and to attach to and make  a
part of its Note a continuation of any such schedule as  and
when required.

SECTION  2.04.   Maturity of  Loans.   Each  Loan
included  in  any Borrowing shall mature, and the  principal
amount thereof shall be due and payable, on the last day  of
the  Interest Period applicable to such Borrowing and on the
Termination Date.

SECTION  2.05.  Interest Rates.  (a)   Each  Base
Rate  Loan  shall bear interest on the outstanding principal
amount thereof, for each day from the date such Loan is made
until it becomes due, at a rate per annum equal to the  Base
Rate  for such day.  Such interest shall be payable for each
Interest  Period  on  the  last day  thereof.   Any  overdue
principal  of  and overdue interest on any  Base  Rate  Loan
shall  bear interest, payable on demand, for each day  until
paid  at  a rate per annum equal to the sum of 1%  plus  the
Base Rate for such day.
<PAGE>

(b)   Each  CD  Loan shall bear interest  on  the
outstanding  principal  amount  thereof,  for  the  Interest
Period applicable thereto, at a rate per annum equal to  the
sum of the Applicable Margin plus the applicable Adjusted CD
Rate;  provided that if any CD Loan shall, as  a  result  of
clause (2)(b) of the definition of Interest Period, have  an
Interest  Period of less than 30 days, such  CD  Loan  shall
bear  interest  during  such Interest  Period  at  the  rate
applicable  to  Base Rate Loans during  such  period.   Such
interest  shall be payable for each Interest Period  on  the
last day thereof and, if such Interest Period is longer than
90  days,  at  intervals  of 90 days  after  the  first  day
thereof.   Any overdue principal of and overdue interest  on
any CD Loan shall bear interest, payable on demand, for each
day  until paid at a rate per annum equal to the sum  of  1%
plus the higher of (i) the sum of the Applicable Margin plus
the  Adjusted CD Rate applicable to such Loan and  (ii)  the
Base Rate for such day.

The "Adjusted CD Rate" applicable to any Interest
Period  means  a rate per annum determined pursuant  to  the
following formula:


[ CDBR       ]*
ACDR   =  [ ---------- ]  + AR
[ 1.00 - DRP ]

ACDR   =  Adjusted CD Rate
CDBR   =  CD Base Rate
DRP   =  Domestic Reserve Percentage
AR    =  Assessment Rate

__________
*  The amount in brackets being rounded upwards, if
necessary, to the next higher 1/100 of 1%

The  "CD  Base Rate" applicable to  any  Interest
Period is the rate of interest determined by the Agent to be
the  prevailing rate per annum bid at 10:00 A.M.  (New  York
City  time)  (or as soon thereafter as practicable)  on  the
first  day of such Interest Period by two or more  New  York
certificate  of deposit dealers of recognized  standing  for
the  purchase  at face value from Morgan of its certificates
of  deposit in an amount comparable to the unpaid  principal
amount  of  the  CD  Loan of Morgan to which  such  Interest
Period  applies  and  having a maturity comparable  to  such
Interest Period.
<PAGE>
"Domestic Reserve Percentage" means for  any  day
that  percentage (expressed as a decimal) which is in effect
on  such day, as prescribed by the Board of Governors of the
Federal  Reserve  System (or any successor) for  determining
the   maximum   reserve   requirement   (including   without
limitation  any  basic, supplemental or emergency  reserves)
for  a member bank of the Federal Reserve System in New York
City with deposits exceeding five billion dollars in respect
of  new  non-personal time deposits in dollars in  New  York
City  having  a maturity comparable to the related  Interest
Period  and in an amount of $100,000 or more.  The  Adjusted
CD  Rate  shall be adjusted automatically on and as  of  the
effective  date  of  any  change  in  the  Domestic  Reserve
Percentage.

"Assessment  Rate" means for any day  the  annual
assessment rate in effect on such day which is payable by  a
member  of  the Bank Insurance Fund classified as adequately
capitalized  and  within  supervisory  subgroup  "A"  (or  a
comparable successor assessment risk classification)  within
the  meaning  of  12  C.F.R.   327.4(a)  (or  any  successor
provision) to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation  (or
any  successor) for such Corporation's (or such successor's)
insuring time deposits at offices of such institution in the
United  States.   The  Adjusted CD Rate  shall  be  adjusted
automatically on and as of the effective date of any  change
in the Assessment Rate.

(c)  Each Euro-Dollar Loan shall bear interest on
the  outstanding principal amount thereof, for the  Interest
Period applicable thereto, at a rate per annum equal to  the
sum  of  the Applicable Margin plus the applicable  Adjusted
London  Interbank  Offered Rate.   Such  interest  shall  be
payable  for  each Interest Period on the last  day  thereof
and, if such Interest Period is longer than three months, at
intervals of three months after the first day thereof.

The  "Adjusted  London  Interbank  Offered  Rate"
applicable  to  any Interest Period means a rate  per  annum
equal   to  the  quotient  obtained  (rounded  upwards,   if
necessary,  to  the  next higher 1/100 of  1%)  by  dividing
(i)   the  applicable  London  Interbank  Offered  Rate   by
(ii) 1.00 minus the Euro-Dollar Reserve Percentage.

The "London Interbank Offered Rate" applicable to
any  Interest  Period  means the rate  per  annum  at  which
deposits  in  dollars are offered to Morgan  in  the  London
interbank  market at approximately 11:00 A.M. (London  time)
two  Euro-Dollar Business Days before the first day of  such
Interest  Period  in an amount approximately  equal  to  the
principal amount of the Euro-Dollar Loan of Morgan to  which
such  Interest Period is to apply and for a period  of  time
comparable to such Interest Period.
<PAGE>
"Euro-Dollar Reserve Percentage" means for any day
that  percentage (expressed as a decimal) which is in effect
on  such day, as prescribed by the Board of Governors of the
Federal  Reserve  System (or any successor) for  determining
the  maximum  reserve requirement for a member bank  of  the
Federal  Reserve  System  in New  York  City  with  deposits
exceeding  five billion dollars in respect of  "Eurocurrency
liabilities"  (or  in  respect  of  any  other  category  of
liabilities  which includes deposits by reference  to  which
the  interest rate on Euro-Dollar Loans is determined or any
category  of  extensions of credit  or  other  assets  which
includes loans by a non-United States office of any Bank  to
United  States  residents).  The Adjusted  London  Interbank
Offered  Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and  as  of
the  effective date of any change in the Euro-Dollar Reserve
Percentage.

(d)  Any overdue principal of and overdue interest
on  any  Euro-Dollar  Loan shall bear interest,  payable  on
demand,  for  each day from and including the  date  payment
thereof was due to but excluding the date of actual payment,
at  a  rate per annum equal to the sum of 1% plus the higher
of  (i)  the sum of the Applicable Margin plus the  Adjusted
London  Interbank Offered Rate applicable to such  Loan  and
(ii)  the  Applicable  Margin  plus  the  quotient  obtained
(rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next higher 1/100  of
1%) by dividing (x) the rate per annum at which one day (or,
if   such   amount  due  remains  unpaid  more  than   three
Euro-Dollar  Business Days, then for such  other  period  of
time  not  longer than six months as the Agent  may  select)
deposits in dollars in an amount approximately equal to such
overdue payment due to Morgan are offered to Morgan  in  the
London interbank market for the applicable period determined
as  provided above by (y) 1.00 minus the Euro-Dollar Reserve
Percentage (or, if the circumstances described in clause (a)
or  (b)  of  Section 8.01 shall exist, at a rate  per  annum
equal to the sum of 1% plus the Base Rate for such day).

(e)   The "Applicable Margin" for each Fixed Rate
Loan outstanding on any day during any fiscal quarter of the
Borrower is (i) for each day during any fiscal quarter as to
which  the  EBIT/TD Ratio for the then immediately preceding
four  consecutive fiscal quarters was greater than 75%,  the
applicable  amount set forth in the table  below  under  the
caption Level I, (ii) for each day during any fiscal quarter
as  to  which  the  EBIT/TD Ratio for the  then  immediately
preceding four consecutive fiscal quarters was equal  to  or
less  than  75% but greater than 40%, the applicable  amount
set forth in the table below under the caption Level II, and
(iii) for each day during any fiscal quarter as to which the
EBIT/TD  Ratio  for  the  then  immediately  preceding  four
consecutive fiscal quarters was equal to or less  than  40%,
the applicable amount set forth in the table below under the
caption Level III.
<PAGE>
Level I       Level II     Level III

Euro-Dollar Loans     0.25%         0.35%         0.5%
CD Loans              0.375%        0.475%        0.625%

For  purposes  of  making interest payments  hereunder,  the
Applicable  Margin for Fixed Rate Loans of  any  type  shall
change  only  upon  delivery  of  an  officer's  certificate
pursuant  to Section 5.01(e)(iii) setting forth the  EBIT/TD
Ratio on the basis of which a change is required pursuant to
this   subsection  (e).   Such  change,  however,  will   be
retroactively  effective to the first day  of  the  relevant
fiscal quarter, and an appropriate adjustment shall be  made
within  three Domestic Business Days after the  delivery  of
such  certificate for any resulting change in the amount  of
interest accrued from such first day and previously paid.

(f)  The Agent shall determine each interest rate
applicable  to  the Loans hereunder.  The Agent  shall  give
prompt notice to the Borrower and the Banks of each rate  of
interest so determined, and its determination thereof  shall
be conclusive in the absence of manifest error.

SECTION  2.06.   Facility  Fees.    During   the
Revolving  Credit  Period, the Borrower  shall  pay  to  the
Agent,  for  the account of the Banks ratably in  accordance
with  their respective Commitments, a facility fee for  each
day  at a rate per annum equal to (i) 0.125% for any day  on
which  Level  I  (as  such term is  used  in  Section  2.05)
applies, (ii) 0.175% for any day on which Level II (as  such
term  is used in Section 2.05) applies, and (iii) 0.25%  for
any  day on which Level III (as such term is used in Section
2.05)  applies,  on the aggregate amount of the  Commitments
(whether  used  or unused) on such day.  Such facility  fees
shall  accrue for each day from and including the  Effective
Date  to but excluding the Termination Date (or earlier date
of  termination  of  the  Commitments  in  their  entirety).
Accrued  fees under this Section shall be payable  quarterly
in  arrears  on  each March 31, June 30,  September  30  and
December  31 during the Revolving Credit Period and  on  the
Termination  Date  (or earlier date of  termination  of  the
Commitments in their entirety).

SECTION  2.07.  Optional Termination or Reduction
of  Commitments.   During the Revolving Credit  Period,  the
Borrower  may,  upon at least three Domestic Business  Days'
notice   to   the   Agent,  terminate  at   any   time,   or
proportionately  reduce from time to time  by  an  aggregate
amount  of $10,000,000 or any larger multiple of $1,000,000,
the  unused portions of the Commitments.  If the Commitments
are terminated in their entirety, all accrued fees shall  be
payable on the effective date of such termination.
<PAGE>
SECTION   2.08.    Mandatory   Termination   of
Commitments.   The  Commitments  shall  terminate   on   the
Termination  Date  and any Loans then outstanding  (together
with  accrued interest thereon) shall be due and payable  on
such date.

SECTION  2.09.  Optional Prepayments.   (a)   The
Borrower  may,  upon  at least one Domestic  Business  Day's
notice to the Agent, prepay any Base Rate Borrowing in whole
at  any  time,  or  from time to time  in  part  in  amounts
aggregating $1,000,000 or any larger multiple of $1,000,000,
by  paying the principal amount to be prepaid together  with
accrued  interest  thereon to the date of prepayment.   Each
such  optional prepayment shall be applied to prepay ratably
the Loans of the several Banks included in such Borrowing.

(b)   Except  as  provided in Section  8.02,  the
Borrower  may not prepay all or any portion of the principal
amount of any Fixed Rate Loan prior to the maturity thereof.

(c)   Upon  receipt  of  a notice  of  prepayment
pursuant  to  this Section, the Agent shall promptly  notify
each Bank of the contents thereof and of such Bank's ratable
share   of  such  prepayment  and  such  notice  shall   not
thereafter be revocable by the Borrower.

SECTION 2.10.  General Provisions as to Payments.
(a)   The Borrower shall make each payment of principal  of,
and  interest on, the Loans and of facility fees  hereunder,
not  later than 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the  date
when due, in Federal or other funds immediately available in
New  York City, to the Agent at its address referred  to  in
Section  9.01.  The Agent will promptly distribute  to  each
Bank its ratable share of each such payment received by  the
Agent for the account of the Banks.  Whenever any payment of
principal  of,  or  interest on, the Domestic  Loans  or  of
facility  fees shall be due on a day which is not a Domestic
Business Day, the date for payment thereof shall be extended
to  the next succeeding Domestic Business Day.  Whenever any
payment  of  principal of, or interest on,  the  Euro-Dollar
Loans  shall  be  due on a day which is  not  a  Euro-Dollar
Business Day, the date for payment thereof shall be extended
to  the next succeeding Euro-Dollar Business Day unless such
Euro-Dollar Business Day falls in another calendar month, in
which  case the date for payment thereof shall be  the  next
preceding  Euro-Dollar Business Day.  If the  date  for  any
payment  of  principal is extended by operation  of  law  or
otherwise,  interest  thereon  shall  be  payable  for  such
extended time.
<PAGE>

(b)   Unless the Agent shall have received notice
from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment  is
due  to the Banks hereunder that the Borrower will not  make
such payment in full, the Agent may assume that the Borrower
has  made such payment in full to the Agent on such date and
the Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, cause to be
distributed to each Bank on such due date an amount equal to
the  amount  then due such Bank.  If and to the extent  that
the  Borrower shall not have so made such payment, each Bank
shall  repay  to the Agent forthwith on demand  such  amount
distributed to such Bank together with interest thereon, for
each  day from the date such amount is distributed  to  such
Bank  until  the date such Bank repays such  amount  to  the
Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate.

SECTION  2.11.  Funding Losses.  If the  Borrower
makes  any  payment of principal with respect to  any  Fixed
Rate  Loan (pursuant to Article VI or VIII or otherwise)  on
any  day  other  than  the last day of the  Interest  Period
applicable thereto, or the end of an applicable period fixed
pursuant  to  Section 2.05(d), or if the Borrower  fails  to
borrow  any Fixed Rate Loans after notice has been given  to
any  Bank  in accordance with Section 2.02(b), the  Borrower
shall  reimburse each Bank within 15 days after  demand  for
any  resulting  loss or expense incurred by  it  (or  by  an
existing  or  prospective Participant in the related  Loan),
including   (without  limitation)  any  loss   incurred   in
obtaining,  liquidating  or employing  deposits  from  third
parties,  but excluding loss of margin for the period  after
any  such  payment or failure to borrow, provided that  such
Bank  shall have delivered to the Borrower a certificate  as
to  the  amount  of such loss or expense, which  certificate
shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error.

SECTION 2.12.  Computation of Interest and  Fees.
Interest based on the Prime Rate hereunder and facility fees
shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366
days  in a leap year) and paid for the actual number of days
elapsed  (including  the first day but  excluding  the  last
day).  All other interest shall be computed on the basis  of
a  year  of 360 days and paid for the actual number of  days
elapsed  (including  the first day but  excluding  the  last
day).
<PAGE>
SECTION  2.13.  Withholding Tax .  At least  five
Domestic  Business  Days prior to the first  date  on  which
interest  or fees are payable hereunder for the  account  of
any  Bank, each Bank that is not incorporated under the laws
of  the  United States of America or a state thereof  agrees
that  it will deliver to each of the Borrower and the  Agent
two  duly completed copies of United States Internal Revenue
Service  Form 1001 or 4224, certifying in either  case  that
such  Bank  is  entitled  to  receive  payments  under  this
Agreement and the Notes without deduction or withholding  of
any United States federal income taxes.  Each Bank which  so
delivers  a Form 1001 or 4224 further undertakes to  deliver
to  each of the Borrower and the Agent two additional copies
of  such  form (or a successor form) on or before  the  date
that  such  form expires or becomes obsolete  or  after  the
occurrence  of  any  event requiring a change  in  the  most
recent  form so delivered by it, and such amendments thereto
or  extensions  or  renewals thereof as  may  be  reasonably
requested  by  the  Borrower or  the  Agent,  in  each  case
certifying  that  such Bank is entitled to receive  payments
under  this  Agreement  and the Notes without  deduction  or
withholding  of  any  United States  federal  income  taxes,
unless an event (including without limitation any change  in
treaty, law or regulation) has occurred prior to the date on
which  any  such delivery would otherwise be required  which
renders  all such forms inapplicable or which would  prevent
such  Bank from duly completing and delivering any such form
with  respect  to it and such Bank advises the Borrower  and
the  Agent  that  it  is not capable of  receiving  payments
without  any  deduction  or  withholding  of  United  States
federal income tax.

SECTION 2.14.  Change of Control.  If a Change of
Control shall occur (i) the Borrower will, promptly  and  in
any  event within 20 days after the occurrence thereof, give
each  Bank  notice thereof and shall describe in  reasonable
detail  the facts and circumstances giving rise thereto  and
(ii)  each Bank may, by notice to the Borrower and the Agent
given not later than 20 days after such notice of Change  of
Control  shall  have been given, terminate  its  Commitment,
which  shall  be  terminated 45 days after  such  notice  of
Change  of  Control shall have been given, and  declare  the
Note held by it, together with accrued interest thereon, and
any  other amounts payable hereunder for its account to  be,
and such Note and such other amounts shall thereupon become,
due and payable on such forty-fifth day without presentment,
demand,  protest or other notice of any kind, all  of  which
are  hereby  waived by the Borrower; provided that  no  Bank
shall be obligated, without its written consent given at the
time,  to make a Loan to be included in any Borrowing  other
than  a  Refunding  Borrowing during  the  period  from  and
including  the  date of any such Change of  Control  to  and
including  the  forty-fifth day  following  such  notice  of
Change of Control.
<PAGE>

For  the  purposes of this Section, the following
terms have the following meanings:

"Acquiring   Person"   means   any   Person
(excluding  any trustee of any stock participation
plan  or  pension  plan of  the  Borrower  or  any
Subsidiary  so  long  as all  such  plans  in  the
aggregate  hold less than 20% of the Voting  Stock
of the Borrower), who along with any Affiliates or
Associates  of such Person, becomes the beneficial
owner  (within the meaning of Rule  13d-3  of  the
Securities  Exchange  Act of  1934,  as  amended),
directly  or indirectly, of more than 10%  of  the
Voting Stock of the Borrower.

"Affiliate"  of any designated Person  means  any
Person  that  has  a relationship with  the  designated
Person  whereby  either  of such  Persons  directly  or
indirectly  controls or is controlled by  or  is  under
common control with the other, or holds or beneficially
owns 5% or more of the equity interest in the other  or
5%  or  more of any class of voting securities  of  the
other.   For  this purpose "control" means  the  power,
direct  or indirect, of one Person to direct  or  cause
direction  of the management and policies  of  another,
whether  by  contract,  through  voting  securities  or
otherwise.

"Associate"  means,  with  respect  to  any
Person, (1) any corporation or organization (other
than the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower)
of  which  such Person is an officer, employee  or
partner   or  is,  directly  or  indirectly,   the
beneficial owner of 10% or more of the  shares  of
any  class, (2) any trust or other estate in which
such  Person has a substantial beneficial interest
or as to which such Person serves as trustee or in
a similar fiduciary capacity, and (3) any relative
or  spouse of such Person, or any relative of such
spouse,  who has the same home as such  Person  or
who  is  a director or officer of the Borrower  or
any of its Subsidiaries.

"Change in Control" of the Borrower shall be
deemed  to have occurred at such time or times  as
(1)  any  Person  (other than W.  Bradford  Wiley,
Deborah  E.  Wiley, Peter Booth Wiley and  William
Bradford Wiley II, their Affiliates or Associates)
alone or with any Affiliates or Associates of such
Person,  is  or  becomes  the  beneficial   owner,
directly  or  indirectly, of 50% or  more  of  the
Voting  Stock  of the Borrower or (2)  individuals
who  constitute the Continuing Directors cease for
any  reason  to constitute at least a majority  of
the Board.
<PAGE>

"Continuing Director" means any member of the
Board  who is not an Affiliate or Associate of  an
Acquiring Person and who was a member of the Board
immediately  prior to the time that any  Acquiring
Person  became an Acquiring Person and  any  other
director  who is not an Affiliate or Associate  of
an  Acquiring  Person and who  is  recommended  to
succeed  a  Continuing Director by a  majority  of
Continuing Directors who are then members  of  the
Board.
ARTICLE III

CONDITIONS


SECTION  3.01.   Effectiveness.   This  Agreement
shall  become  effective  on  the  date  that  each  of  the
following conditions shall have been satisfied (or waived in
accordance with Section 9.05):

(a)   receipt  by the Agent of  counterparts
hereof  signed by each of the parties hereto  (or,
in  the  case of any party as to which an executed
counterpart shall not have been received,  receipt
by  the  Agent  in  form  satisfactory  to  it  of
telegraphic,  telex, facsimile  or  other  written
confirmation  from such party of  execution  of  a
counterpart hereof by such party);

(b)  receipt by the Agent for the account of
each  Bank  of a duly executed Note  dated  on  or
before  the  Effective  Date  complying  with  the
provisions of Section 2.03;

(c)  receipt by the Agent of evidence satisfactory
to   it   in   its  sole  good  faith  discretion   of   the
substantially simultaneous closing of the Acquisition;

(d)   receipt by the Agent of an opinion  of
Richard   S.  Rudick,  General  Counsel  for   the
Borrower,  substantially in the form of Exhibit  B
hereto   and  covering  such  additional   matters
relating  to the transactions contemplated  hereby
as the Required Banks may reasonably request;

(e)   receipt by the Agent of a  certificate
signed by the Chief Financial Officer or Treasurer
of  the Borrower, dated the Effective Date, to the
effect set forth in clauses (c) and (d) of Section
3.02; and
<PAGE>

(f)  receipt by the Agent of all documents it
may  reasonably request relating to the  existence
of  the Borrower, the corporate authority for  and
the  validity of this Agreement and the Notes, and
any other matters relevant hereto, all in form and
substance satisfactory to the Agent;

Provided  that this Agreement shall not become effective  or
be  binding on any party hereto unless all of the  foregoing
conditions are satisfied not later than June 30, 1996.   The
Agent  shall promptly notify the Borrower and the  Banks  of
the  Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and
binding on all parties hereto.

SECTION 3.02.  Borrowings.  The obligation of any
Bank  to  make  a Loan on the occasion of any  Borrowing  is
subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

(a)   receipt by the Agent of notice of such
Borrowing as required by Section 2.02;

(b)   the fact that, immediately after  such
Borrowing,  the  aggregate  outstanding  principal
amount  of the Loans will not exceed the aggregate
amount of the Commitments;

(c)   the fact that, immediately before  and
after  such  Borrowing,  no  Default  shall   have
occurred and be continuing; and

(d)   the fact that the representations  and
warranties  of  the  Borrower  contained  in  this
Agreement  (except,  in the case  of  a  Refunding
Borrowing, the representations and warranties  set
forth  in  Sections 4.04(c) and  4.05  as  to  any
matter  which  has theretofore been  disclosed  in
writing  by  the Borrower to the Banks)  shall  be
true on and as of the date of such Borrowing.

Each   Borrowing  hereunder  shall  be  deemed   to   be   a
representation and warranty by the Borrower on the  date  of
such Borrowing as to the facts specified in clauses (b), (c)
and (d) of this Section.
<PAGE>
ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES


The Borrower represents and warrants that:

SECTION 4.01.  Corporate Existence and Power.  The
Borrower   is  a  corporation  duly  incorporated,   validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
New  York,  and  has all corporate powers and  all  material
governmental   licenses,   authorizations,   consents    and
approvals  required  to  carry  on  its  business   as   now
conducted.

SECTION   4.02.    Corporate  and   Governmental
Authorization;  No  Contravention.  The execution,  delivery
and  performance by the Borrower of this Agreement  and  the
Notes  are within the Borrower's corporate power, have  been
duly  authorized by all necessary corporate action,  require
no  action  by  or  in  respect  of,  or  filing  with,  any
governmental body, agency or official and do not contravene,
or  constitute a default under, any provision of  applicable
law  or  regulation  or  of  the  Restated  Certificate   of
Incorporation  or  by-laws  of  the  Borrower  or   of   any
agreement,  judgment,  injunction, order,  decree  or  other
instrument  binding  upon  the Borrower  or  result  in  the
creation  or  imposition of any Lien on  any  asset  of  the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.

SECTION  4.03.   Binding Effect.  This  Agreement
constitutes  a valid and binding agreement of  the  Borrower
and  each  Note, when executed and delivered  in  accordance
with  this  Agreement, will constitute a valid  and  binding
obligation  of  the  Borrower, in each case  enforceable  in
accordance with its terms.

SECTION 4.04.  Financial Information.

(a)   The  consolidated  balance  sheet  of  the
Borrower  and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of April  30,
1995  and  the  related consolidated statements  of  income,
retained  earnings and cash flows for the fiscal  year  then
ended,  reported on by Arthur Andersen & Co., and set  forth
in  the Borrower's 1995 Form 10-K, a copy of which has  been
delivered   to  each  of  the  Banks,  fairly  present,   in
conformity with GAAP, the consolidated financial position of
the  Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as  of  such
date  and  their  consolidated  results  of  operations  and
changes in financial position for such fiscal year.
<PAGE>

(b)   The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of
the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of January
31,  1996  and the related unaudited consolidated  condensed
statements  of  income for the nine months then  ended,  set
forth  in  the  Borrower's quarterly report for  the  fiscal
quarter  ended January 31, 1996 as filed with the Securities
and  Exchange Commission on Form 10-Q, a copy of  which  has
been  delivered  to  each of the Banks, fairly  present,  in
conformity with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with  the
financial statements referred to in subsection (a)  of  this
Section, the consolidated financial position of the Borrower
and  its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of such date and their
consolidated results of operations and changes in  financial
position  for  such  nine month period  (subject  to  normal
year-end adjustments).

(c)   Since  January 31, 1996 there has  been  no
material adverse change in the business, financial position,
results  of operations or prospects of the Borrower and  its
Consolidated Subsidiaries, considered as a whole.

SECTION  4.05.  Litigation.  There is no  action,
suit  or proceeding pending against, or to the knowledge  of
the  Borrower threatened against or affecting, the  Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries before any court or arbitrator or
any governmental body, agency or official in which there  is
a  reasonable possibility of an adverse decision which could
materially   adversely  affect  the  business,  consolidated
financial position or consolidated results of operations  of
the  Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries or which  in
any   manner  draws  into  question  the  validity  of  this
Agreement or the Notes.

SECTION 4.06.  Compliance with .  Each member  of
the  ERISA  Group  has fulfilled its obligations  under  the
minimum  funding standards of ERISA and the Internal Revenue
Code  with respect to each Plan and is in compliance in  all
material  respects with the presently applicable  provisions
of  ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code with respect to each
Plan.   No member of the ERISA Group has (i) sought a waiver
of  the  minimum funding standard under Section 412  of  the
Internal Revenue Code in respect of any Plan, (ii) failed to
make   any   contribution  or  payment  to   any   Plan   or
Multiemployer Plan or in respect of any Benefit Arrangement,
or  made  any  amendment to any Plan or Benefit Arrangement,
which  has resulted or could result in the imposition  of  a
Lien  or the posting of a bond or other security under ERISA
or the Internal Revenue Code or (iii) incurred any liability
under  Title IV of ERISA other than a liability to the  PBGC
for premiums under Section 4007 of ERISA.
<PAGE>

SECTION  4.07.   Taxes.   The  Borrower  and  its
Subsidiaries have filed all United States Federal income tax
returns  and  all  other  material  tax  returns  which  are
required  to  be filed by them and have paid all  taxes  due
pursuant  to  such  returns or pursuant  to  any  assessment
received  by  the Borrower or any Subsidiary.  The  charges,
accruals and reserves on the books of the Borrower  and  its
Subsidiaries  in  respect  of taxes  or  other  governmental
charges are, in the opinion of the Borrower, adequate.

SECTION  4.08.   Subsidiaries.   Each   of   the
Borrower's  corporate  Subsidiaries is  a  corporation  duly
incorporated,  validly existing and in good  standing  under
the  laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has  all
corporate  powers  and  all material governmental  licenses,
authorizations, consents and approvals required to carry  on
its business as now conducted.

SECTION  4.09.  Not an Investment  Company.   The
Borrower  is not an "investment company" within the  meaning
of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

SECTION  4.10.  Status of Notes.  The obligations
of  the  Borrower under this Agreement and the Notes to  pay
the  principal of and interest on the Notes and any and  all
other  amounts due hereunder constitute direct unconditional
and general obligations of the Borrower and do rank and will
rank  at least pari passu in priority of payment and in  all
other respects with all other unsecured Indebtedness of  the
Borrower now existing.

SECTION   4.11.   Environmental  Matters.    The
Borrower  has  reasonably concluded that Environmental  Laws
are  unlikely  to  have  a material adverse  effect  on  the
business,  financial  condition, results  of  operations  or
prospects  of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries,  considered
as a whole.

ARTICLE V

COVENANTS

The Borrower agrees that, so long as any Bank has
any  Commitment  hereunder or any amount payable  under  any
Note remains unpaid:

SECTION  5.01.  Information.  The  Borrower  will
deliver to each of the Banks:
<PAGE>

(a)   as soon as available and in any  event
within 90 days after the end of each fiscal  year,
a  consolidated and consolidating balance sheet of
the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries  as
of  the  end  of such fiscal year and the  related
consolidated   and  consolidating  statements   of
income, retained earnings and cash flows for  such
year,  setting  forth in each case in  comparative
form  the  figures for the previous  fiscal  year,
prepared  in  accordance with  generally  accepted
accounting principles consistently applied and, in
the  case of the consolidated statements, reported
on  by  Arthur Andersen & Co. or other independent
public   accountants   of  nationally   recognized
standing,  which report shall contain no  material
exceptions  or qualifications except such  as  are
not unacceptable to the Banks;

(b)   as soon as available and in any  event
within 45 days after the end of each of the  first
three quarters of each fiscal year, a consolidated
balance sheet of the Borrower and its Consolidated
Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal  quarter
and  the related consolidated statements of income
for such quarter and for the portion of the fiscal
year ended on the last day of such quarter, and of
cash  flows  for  the portion of the  fiscal  year
ended  on  the  last day of such quarter,  setting
forth in each case in comparative form the figures
for  the  corresponding quarter  of  the  previous
fiscal  year and the corresponding portion of  the
previous fiscal year, prepared in accordance  with
generally     accepted    accounting    principles
consistently applied;

(c)  promptly upon the filing thereof, copies
of    all   registration   statements   (excluding
registration  statements  on  Form  S-8   or   any
successor  form) and regular and periodic  reports
filed  by  the  Borrower with the  Securities  and
Exchange  Commission  (or any governmental  agency
succeeding to the functions of said Commission) or
with  any  stock exchange on which the  Borrower's
securities are traded;

(d)  promptly upon the mailing thereof to the
shareholders  of  the  Borrower,  copies  of   all
financial statements, reports and proxy statements
which   the  Borrower  shall  have  sent  to   its
shareholders;
<PAGE>

(e)  simultaneously with each delivery of the
financial  statements referred to  in  subsections
(a) and (b) above, a certificate dated the date of
such delivery and signed by the Treasurer or Chief
Financial Officer of the Borrower (i) stating that
such  financial statements have been  prepared  in
conformity   with  generally  accepted  accounting
principles  applied on a basis  which,  except  as
disclosed   therein,   is  consistent   with   the
preceding  year, or the corresponding  portion  of
the  preceding  year  (subject  in  the  case   of
financial   statements   delivered   pursuant   to
subsection   (b)   above,   to   normal   year-end
adjustments  of  which none  shall  be  material),
(ii) stating whether there existed on the date  of
such financial statements or exists on the date of
such certificate any Default, and, in the case  of
any such Default, specifying the nature and period
of  existence thereof and what action the Borrower
is  taking  and  proposes  to  take  with  respect
thereto,  and (iii) stating that the  Borrower  is
and  at  all times during such period has been  in
compliance  with  the  covenants  set   forth   in
Article  V  hereof and setting forth  calculations
demonstrating  compliance with the  covenants  set
forth in Sections 5.06 and 5.09 through 5.13;

(f)  simultaneously with each delivery of the
consolidated financial statements referred  to  in
subsection (a) above, a written statement  of  the
independent public accountants reporting  on  such
consolidated  financial statements to  the  effect
that  in the course of the examination upon  which
their  report was based they became  aware  of  no
condition   or   event  involving   financial   or
accounting matters which constitutes a Default or,
if  such accountants did become aware of any  such
Default,  specifying  the  nature  and  period  of
existence  thereof  (it  being  agreed  that  such
accountants  will not be required to  conduct  any
special  or  additional audit procedures  for  the
purpose  of enabling them to furnish such  written
statement);

(g)   forthwith  upon  any  officer  of  the
Borrower   becoming  aware  of  any   Default,   a
certificate  signed  by  the  Treasurer  or  Chief
Financial  Officer of the Borrower specifying  the
nature  and  period of existence thereof  and  the
action which the Borrower is taking or proposes to
take with respect thereto;
<PAGE>

(h)   if  and when any member of  the  ERISA
Group  (i) gives or is required to give notice  to
the PBGC of any "reportable event" (as defined  in
Section  4043 of ERISA) with respect to  any  Plan
which  might  constitute grounds for a termination
of  such  Plan under Title IV of ERISA,  or  knows
that  the plan administrator of any Plan has given
or   is  required  to  give  notice  of  any  such
reportable  event, a copy of the  notice  of  such
reportable event given or required to be given  to
the  PBGC;  (ii)  receives notice of  complete  or
partial  withdrawal liability under  Title  IV  of
ERISA or notice that any Multiemployer Plan is  in
reorganization,   is   insolvent   or   has   been
terminated, a copy of such notice; (iii)  receives
notice from the PBGC under Title IV of ERISA of an
intent to terminate, impose liability (other  than
for  premiums  under Section  4007  of  ERISA)  in
respect of, or appoint a trustee to administer any
Plan,  a copy of such notice; (iv) applies  for  a
waiver  of  the  minimum  funding  standard  under
Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code,  a  copy
of such application; (v) gives notice of intent to
terminate any Plan under Section 4041(c) of ERISA,
a  copy of such notice and other information filed
with  the  PBGC; (vi) gives notice  of  withdrawal
from any Plan pursuant to Section 4063 of ERISA, a
coy  of  such notice; or (vii) fails to  make  any
payment   or   contribution   to   any   Plan   or
Multiemployer  Plan or in respect of  any  Benefit
Arrangement or makes any amendment to any Plan  or
Benefit  Arrangement which has resulted  or  could
result  in the imposition of a Lien or the posting
of  a bond or other security, a certificate of the
chief  financial officer or the treasurer  of  the
Borrower   setting  forth  details  as   to   such
occurrence and action, if any, which the  Borrower
or   applicable  member  of  the  ERISA  Group  is
required or proposes to take;

(i)   promptly  upon  the  signing  thereof,
notice  of any lease of real or personal  property
under   which   the  Borrower  or   any   of   its
Subsidiaries   is  obligated  to  make   aggregate
payments of $5,000,000 or more over any period  of
five   years,  which  notice  shall  provide   for
inspection  of such leased property at such  times
as  the Agent or the Banks may reasonably request;
and
<PAGE>

(j)   such  additional information regarding
the business, assets, financial condition, results
of operations or prospects of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as the Agent, at the request  of  any
Bank, may reasonably request from time to time.

SECTION  5.02.   Payment  of  Taxes;  Insurance;
Maintenance of Corporate Existence.  The Borrower  will  and
will cause each Subsidiary to:

(a)  pay or discharge promptly when due  and
payable   all   taxes,   assessments   and   other
governmental charges imposed upon it or any of its
property;  provided that neither the Borrower  nor
any  Subsidiary shall be required to pay any  such
tax,  assessment  or governmental  charge  if  the
amount, applicability or validity thereof is being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings
(or  payment  may be made without penalty)  and  a
reserve, if appropriate, has been established with
respect thereto;

(b)    maintain  adequate  insurance   with
financially sound and reputable insurers  covering
all  such  properties and risks as are customarily
insured by, and in such amounts as are customarily
carried  by,  firms engaged in similar  businesses
and similarly situated; and

(c)  do all things necessary to preserve and
keep  in  full  force  and  effect  the  corporate
existence,  rights and franchises of the  Borrower
and  its  Subsidiaries; provided that this Section
5.02(c)  shall  not prevent the  Borrower  or  any
Subsidiary from abandoning or disposing of any  of
its  property  or  abandoning or  terminating  any
right   or  franchise  if  (i)  such  abandonment,
disposition  or termination does not  violate  any
other  provision of this Agreement,  (ii)  in  the
opinion of the Board of Directors of the Borrower,
such abandonment, disposition or termination is in
the  best  interest  of the Borrower  and  is  not
detrimental  in any respect to the holder  of  any
Note and (iii) all such abandonments, dispositions
and   terminations   do  not  in   the   aggregate
materially  and  adversely  affect  the  business,
assets, financial condition, results of operations
or  prospects of the Borrower and its Consolidated
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
<PAGE>

SECTION 5.03.  Maintenance of Property; Conduct of
Business.  (a)  The Borrower will keep, and will cause  each
Subsidiary to keep, all property useful and necessary in its
business in good working order and condition, ordinary  wear
and tear excepted.

(b)   The Borrower will continue, and will  cause
each  Subsidiary to continue, to engage in business  of  the
same  general type as now conducted by the Borrower and  its
Subsidiaries.

SECTION 5.04.  Compliance with Laws.  The Borrower
will  comply,  and cause each Subsidiary to comply,  in  all
material  respects  with  all applicable  laws,  ordinances,
rules,   regulations,  and  requirements   of   governmental
authorities  (including,  without limitation,  Environmental
Laws  and  ERISA  and the rules and regulations  thereunder)
except  where  the  necessity  of  compliance  therewith  is
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings.

SECTION 5.05.  Inspection of Property, Books  and
Records.   The  Borrower  will keep,  and  will  cause  each
Subsidiary  to keep, proper books of record and  account  in
which  full, true and correct entries shall be made  of  all
dealings  and  transactions in relation to its business  and
activities; and will permit, and will cause each  Subsidiary
to  permit,  representatives of  any  Bank  at  such  Bank's
expense  to  visit  and  inspect  any  of  their  respective
properties, to examine and make abstracts from any of  their
respective books and records and to discuss their respective
affairs,   finances  and  accounts  with  their   respective
officers, employees and independent public accountants,  all
at  such reasonable times and as often as may reasonably  be
desired.

SECTION 5.06.  Limitation on Liens.  The Borrower
will  not,  and will not permit any Subsidiary  to,  create,
assume  or suffer to be created, assumed or incurred  or  to
exist  any Lien upon any property or assets of the  Borrower
or  any Subsidiary (whether now owned or hereafter acquired)
other than:

(a)   Liens  securing taxes, assessments  or
other   governmental   charges   to   the   extent
non-payment  thereof  is  permitted   by   Section
5.02(a);

(b)  Liens incurred in the ordinary course of
business   in   connection  with   the   workmen's
compensation,  unemployment  insurance  and  other
social security obligations;
<PAGE>

(c)  Liens incurred in the ordinary course of
business  but not incurred in connection with  the
borrowing  of money, the incurrence of Derivatives
Obligations,  the  obtaining of  advances  or  the
payment  of  the deferred purchase  price  of  any
property or assets, including, without limitation,
Liens securing:

(i)  claims of mechanics, workmen,
materialmen  or  other  similar  persons   in
respect  of obligations not yet due or  being
contested   in  good  faith  by   appropriate
proceedings, or

(ii)   the  performance  of  bids,
tenders  or contracts which in the  aggregate
do  not detract in any material respect  from
the  value of the property or assets  of  the
Borrower or any Subsidiary or impair  in  any
material  respect  the  use  thereof  in  the
operation of the business of the Borrower  or
any Subsidiary, or

(iii)   leases (including  equipment
leases),   public  or  statutory  obligations
(other  than the obligations referred  to  in
paragraph (a) above), surety and appeal bonds
or  other similar obligations, provided  that
the  aggregate  obligations secured  by  such
Liens shall not exceed $15,000,000;

(d)   Liens existing as of the date of  this
Agreement; provided that no such Lien shall extend
to  any  property other than the  property  as  to
which such Lien was in effect as of such date  and
the  Debt  secured  by  such  Lien  shall  not  be
increased, renewed or extended;

(e)  Liens on property to secure the payment
of  all  or any part of the purchase price thereof
or  to secure any Debt, incurred prior to, at  the
time  of,  or within 90 days after the acquisition
of such property, for the purpose of financing all
or   any  part  of  the  purchase  price  of  such
property; provided (i) that in no event shall  the
amount of Debt secured by any such Lien exceed 75%
of  the purchase price or fair market value at the
time  of  acquisition of the property  subject  to
such  Lien, whichever is less, (ii) that any  such
Lien  does not extend to property other  than  the
property purchased or financed in connection  with
which  such  Lien was created and (iii)  that  the
aggregate outstanding principal amount of all such
Debt shall not exceed $10,000,000;
<PAGE>

(f)   Liens  on  property or assets  of  any
Subsidiary  operating outside  the  United  States
securing Debt of such Subsidiary;

(g)  Liens on fixed assets securing Debt not
otherwise  permitted; provided that the  aggregate
outstanding  principal amount of all Debt  secured
by  Liens  permitted  by  this  paragraph  and  by
paragraphs (d) and (e) above shall not exceed  the
greater  of  (i)  $4,000,000 or (ii)  25%  of  the
excess  of consolidated net fixed assets over  net
fixed   assets  subject  to  Liens  permitted   by
paragraph (f) above;

(h)   Liens on cash and cash equivalents securing
Derivatives  Obligations, provided that  the  aggregate
amount  of  cash and cash equivalents subject  to  such
Liens may at no time exceed $1,000,000; and

(i)   Liens not otherwise permitted  by  the
foregoing clauses of this Section securing Debt in
an   aggregate  principal  amount  at   any   time
outstanding  not to exceed 5% of Consolidated  Net
Worth.

SECTION 5.07.  Consolidations, Mergers and  Sales
of  Assets.  The Borrower will not (i) consolidate or  merge
with  or  into  any  other Person or  (ii)  sell,  lease  or
otherwise  transfer,  directly or  indirectly,  all  or  any
substantial  part  of  the assets of the  Borrower  and  its
Subsidiaries,  taken as a whole, to any other Person  (other
than  property  held  for  sale in the  ordinary  course  of
business); provided that the Borrower may merge with another
Person if (A) the Borrower is the corporation surviving such
merger  and  (B)  immediately after giving  effect  to  such
merger, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing.

SECTION 5.08.  Use of Proceeds.  The proceeds  of
the  Loans  made under this Agreement will be  used  by  the
Borrower for its general corporate purposes.  None  of  such
proceeds will be used in violation of any applicable law  or
regulation.

SECTION 5.09.  Subsidiary Debt.  Subsidiary  Debt
will  at  no  time  exceed an amount equal  to  (i)  25%  of
Consolidated Net Worth at such time minus (ii) the aggregate
principal amount of Debt of the Borrower outstanding at such
time secured by a Lien permitted solely under paragraph  (i)
of Section 5.06.
<PAGE>

SECTION 5.10.  Consolidated Shareholders' Equity.
Consolidated  Shareholders' Equity will at no time  be  less
than $60,000,000.

SECTION 5.11.  Debt to Subsidiaries.  The Borrower
will  not incur any Debt owing to any Subsidiary unless  the
same  shall  be  for cash advances from such Subsidiary  and
shall  be  subordinated and subject in right  to  the  prior
payment in full of the Notes.

SECTION 5.12.  EBIT/TD Ratio.  The EBIT/TD  Ratio
will   not,  for  any  period  of  four  consecutive  fiscal
quarters, be less than 20%.

SECTION 5.13.  Restricted Payments and Guarantees.
The  Borrower  will  not, directly or indirectly,  make  any
Restricted  Payment and will not, and will  not  permit  any
Subsidiary  to, make any Restricted Guarantee unless,  after
giving effect to any such action,

(i)   the  aggregate amount of all (A) Restricted
Payments  made during the period commencing on  May  1,
1994  and  ending  on and including the  date  of  such
action   ("Computation  Period")  and  (B)   Restricted
Guarantees   of  the  Borrower  and  its   Subsidiaries
existing  on the date of such action, shall not  exceed
$25,000,000  plus 85% (or in the case of  a  net  loss,
minus 100%) of Consolidated Net Income accumulated  for
the Computation Period, and

(ii)   no  Default  shall  have  occurred  and  be
continuing.

The  Borrower will not declare any dividend on  any  of  its
shares payable more than 90 days after the declaration date.
The  Borrower  will not permit any Subsidiary  to  make  any
Restricted Payment.

ARTICLE VI

DEFAULTS

SECTION 6.01.  Events of Default.  If one or more
of  the  following events ("Events of Default")  shall  have
occurred and be continuing:

(a)  the Borrower shall fail to pay when due  any
principal of any Loan or shall fail to pay within  five
Domestic  Business  Days of the due  date  thereof  any
interest, fees or other amount payable hereunder;
<PAGE>

(b)  the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform
any  covenant  contained  in  Sections  5.06  to  5.13,
inclusive;

(c)  the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform
any  covenant or agreement contained in this  Agreement
(other  than those covered by clause (a) or (b)  above)
for  30 days after notice thereof has been given to the
Borrower by the Agent at the request of any Bank;

(d)   any representation, warranty, certification
or  statement made by the Borrower in this Agreement or
in   any  certificate,  financial  statement  or  other
document  delivered  pursuant to this  Agreement  shall
prove  to  have been incorrect in any material  respect
when made (or deemed made);

(e)  the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall fail to
pay when due, or within any applicable period of grace,
any  obligation  with  respect  to  Material  Debt   or
Material   Financial  Obligations;  or  any  event   or
condition  referred to in any instrument  or  agreement
evidencing  or  securing or relating to any  obligation
with  respect  to  Material Debt or Material  Financial
Obligations  of  the Borrower or any  Subsidiary  shall
have  occurred and be continuing which would cause,  or
would permit (assuming the giving of appropriate notice
if  required)  any Person to cause, such obligation  to
become due and payable prior to its stated maturity  or
the obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary under
any  obligation  with  respect  to  Material  Debt   or
Material  Financial  Obligations  to  become  due   and
payable;

(f)  the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall commence
a   voluntary   case   or  other   proceeding   seeking
liquidation,  reorganization  or  other   relief   with
respect  to  itself or its debts under any  bankruptcy,
insolvency  or  other similar law now or  hereafter  in
effect   or  seeking  the  appointment  of  a  trustee,
receiver,   liquidator,  custodian  or  other   similar
official of it or any substantial part of its property,
or   shall  consent  to  any  such  relief  or  to  the
appointment  of  or  taking  possession  by  any   such
official  in  an  involuntary case or other  proceeding
commenced   against  it,  or  shall  make   a   general
assignment for the benefit of creditors, or shall  fail
generally to pay its debts as they become due, or shall
take  any  corporate  action to authorize  any  of  the
foregoing;
<PAGE>

(g)  an involuntary case or other proceeding shall
be  commenced  against the Borrower or  any  Subsidiary
seeking  liquidation, reorganization  or  other  relief
with  respect to it or its debts under any  bankruptcy,
insolvency  or  other similar law now or  hereafter  in
effect   or  seeking  the  appointment  of  a  trustee,
receiver,   liquidator,  custodian  or  other   similar
official of it or any substantial part of its property,
and  such  involuntary case or other  proceeding  shall
remain  undismissed and unstayed for  a  period  of  60
days;  or an order for relief shall be entered  against
the  Borrower  or  any  Subsidiary  under  the  federal
bankruptcy laws as now or hereafter in effect;

(h)  any member of the ERISA Group shall fail  to
pay  within 30 days of the date when due an  amount  or
amounts  aggregating in excess of $1,000,000  which  it
shall  have  become  liable to pay under  Title  IV  of
ERISA; or notice of intent to terminate a Material Plan
shall be filed under Title IV of ERISA by any member of
the   ERISA  Group,  any  plan  administrator  or   any
combination  of  the  foregoing;  or  the  PBGC   shall
institute  proceedings  under  Title  IV  of  ERISA  to
terminate, to impose liability (other than for premiums
under Section 4007 of ERISA) in respect of, or to cause
a  trustee  to be appointed to administer any  Material
Plan; or a condition shall exist by reason of which the
PBGC  would be entitled to obtain a decree adjudicating
that  any  Material Plan must be terminated;  or  there
shall occur a complete or partial withdrawal from, or a
default,  within the meaning of Section  4219(c)(5)  of
ERISA, with respect to, one or more Multiemployer Plans
which  could  cause one or more members  of  the  ERISA
Group  to incur a current payment obligation in  excess
of $10,000,000; or

(i)  a judgment or order for the payment of money
in  excess of $1,000,000 shall be rendered against  the
Borrower  or any Subsidiary and such judgment or  order
shall continue unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of
30 days;
<PAGE>

then,  and  in  every  such event, the Agent  shall  (i)  if
requested  by  Banks having more than 66 2/3%  in  aggregate
amount  of  the  Commitments,  by  notice  to  the  Borrower
terminate   the   Commitments  and  they   shall   thereupon
terminate,  and  (ii)  if requested by Banks  holding  Notes
evidencing  more than 66 2/3% in aggregate principal  amount
of  the  Loans, by notice to the Borrower declare the  Notes
(together  with  accrued interest thereon) to  be,  and  the
Notes  shall  thereupon become, immediately due and  payable
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of  any
kind,  all  of  which  are hereby waived  by  the  Borrower;
provided  that in the case of any of the Events  of  Default
specified  in  clause (f) or (g) above with respect  to  the
Borrower,  without any notice to the Borrower or  any  other
act  by  the  Agent  or  the Banks,  the  Commitments  shall
thereupon  terminate  and the Notes (together  with  accrued
interest  thereon) shall become immediately due and  payable
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of  any
kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower.

SECTION 6.02.  Notice of Default.  The Agent shall
give  notice to the Borrower under Section 6.01(c)  promptly
upon  being  requested  to  do so  by  any  Bank  and  shall
thereupon notify all the Banks thereof.

ARTICLE VII

THE AGENT

SECTION  7.01.   Appointment  and  .   Each  Bank
irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Agent to  take  such
action  as  agent on its behalf and to exercise such  powers
under  this Agreement and the Notes as are delegated to  the
Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with all such
powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.

SECTION 7.02.  Agent and Affiliates.  Morgan  and
its  affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, and
generally  engage in any kind of business with the  Borrower
or any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Borrower as if it were
not the Agent hereunder.

SECTION  7.03.  Action by Agent.  The obligations
of  the  Agent hereunder are only those expressly set  forth
herein.   Without limiting the generality of the  foregoing,
the  Agent  shall  not be required to take any  action  with
respect  to  any  Default, except as expressly  provided  in
Article VI.
<PAGE>

SECTION  7.04.  Consultation with  Experts.   The
Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for
the  Borrower),  independent public  accountants  and  other
experts  selected  by it and shall not  be  liable  for  any
action  taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith  in
accordance  with the advice of such counsel, accountants  or
experts.

SECTION  7.05.  Liability of Agent.  Neither  the
Agent  nor any of its affiliates nor any of their respective
directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable for
any  action taken or not taken by it in connection  herewith
(i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Banks
or  (ii)  in  the  absence of its own  gross  negligence  or
willful  misconduct.   Neither the  Agent  nor  any  of  its
affiliates nor any of their respective directors,  officers,
agents  or  employees shall be responsible for or  have  any
duty to ascertain, inquire into or verify (i) any statement,
warranty  or  representation made in  connection  with  this
Agreement  or any borrowing hereunder; (ii) the  performance
or  observance of any of the covenants or agreements of  the
Borrower;  (iii) the satisfaction of any condition specified
in  Article  III,  except receipt of items  required  to  be
delivered  to the Agent; or (iv) the validity, effectiveness
or  genuineness of this Agreement, the Notes  or  any  other
instrument or writing furnished in connection herewith.  The
Agent  shall  not incur any liability by acting in  reliance
upon  any notice, consent, certificate, statement, or  other
writing  (which  may  be a bank wire,  telex,  facsimile  or
similar  writing)  believed by it to be  genuine  or  to  be
signed by the proper party or parties.

SECTION  7.06..   Each  Bank  shall,  ratably  in
accordance  with its Commitment, indemnify  the  Agent,  its
affiliates and their respective directors, officers,  agents
and employees (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower)
against  any  cost,  expense  (including  counsel  fees  and
disbursements),  claim, demand, action,  loss  or  liability
(except   such  as  result  from  such  indemnitees'   gross
negligence or willful misconduct) that such indemnitees  may
suffer  or  incur in connection with this Agreement  or  any
action taken or omitted by such indemnitees hereunder.

SECTION  7.07.   Credit  Decision.   Each   Bank
acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance
upon  the  Agent  or  any  other Bank,  and  based  on  such
documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made
its  own  credit  analysis and decision to enter  into  this
Agreement.   Each  Bank  also  acknowledges  that  it  will,
independently  and without reliance upon the  Agent  or  any
other  Bank, and based on such documents and information  as
it  shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its
own  credit  decisions in taking or not  taking  any  action
under this Agreement.
<PAGE>

SECTION 7.08.  Successor.  The Agent may resign at
any  time  by  giving notice thereof to the  Banks  and  the
Borrower.   Upon  any such resignation, the  Required  Banks
shall  have the right, subject to approval by the  Borrower,
to appoint a successor Agent, provided that approval of such
successor  Agent  by the Borrower shall not be  unreasonably
withheld.   If  no  successor  Agent  shall  have  been   so
appointed  by  the Required Banks, and shall  have  accepted
such  appointment, within 30 days after the  retiring  Agent
gives notice of resignation, then the retiring Agent may, on
behalf of the Banks, appoint a successor Agent, which  shall
be a commercial bank organized or licensed under the laws of
the  United  States of America or of any State  thereof  and
having   a   combined  capital  and  surplus  of  at   least
$50,000,000.   Upon  the acceptance of  its  appointment  as
Agent  hereunder by a successor Agent, such successor  Agent
shall  thereupon succeed to and become vested with  all  the
rights  and  duties of the retiring Agent, and the  retiring
Agent  shall  be discharged from its duties and  obligations
hereunder.  After any retiring Agent's resignation hereunder
as  Agent, the provisions of this Article shall inure to its
benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it
while it was Agent.

SECTION  7.09.  Agent's Fee.  The Borrower  shall
pay to the Agent for its own account fees in the amounts and
at the times previously agreed upon between the Borrower and
the Agent.

ARTICLE VIII

CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCES

SECTION 8.01.  Basis for Determining Interest Rate
Inadequate  or Unfair.  If on or prior to the first  day  of
any Interest Period for any Fixed Rate Borrowing:

(a)   the  Agent is advised by  Morgan  that
deposits  in  dollars (in the applicable  amounts)
are  not  being offered to Morgan in the  relevant
market for such Interest Period, or

(b)   Banks  having  50%  or  more  of  the
aggregate  amount  of the Commitments  advise  the
Agent  that  the Adjusted CD Rate or the  Adjusted
London Interbank Offered Rate, as the case may be,
as determined by the Agent will not adequately and
fairly  reflect the cost to such Banks of  funding
their  CD Loans or Euro-Dollar Loans, as the  case
may be, for such Interest Period,
<PAGE>

the  Agent  shall  forthwith  give  notice  thereof  to  the
Borrower  and the Banks, whereupon until the Agent  notifies
the  Borrower  that the circumstances giving  rise  to  such
suspension no longer exist, the obligations of the Banks  to
make  CD  Loans or Euro-Dollar Loans, as the  case  may  be,
shall  be suspended.  Unless the Borrower notifies the Agent
at  least two Domestic Business Days before the date of  any
Fixed  Rate  Borrowing for which a Notice of  Borrowing  has
previously been given that it elects not to borrow  on  such
date,  such Borrowing shall instead be made as a  Base  Rate
Borrowing.

SECTION  8.02.  Illegality.  If, on or after  the
date  of this Agreement, the adoption of any applicable law,
rule  or  regulation, or any change in any  applicable  law,
rule  or regulation, or any change in the interpretation  or
administration   thereof  by  any  governmental   authority,
central   bank  or  comparable  agency  charged   with   the
interpretation or administration thereof, or  compliance  by
any  Bank  (or  its  Euro-Dollar Lending  Office)  with  any
request  or  directive (whether or not having the  force  of
law)  of  any  such  authority, central bank  or  comparable
agency shall make it unlawful or impossible for any Bank (or
its  Euro-Dollar Lending Office) to make, maintain  or  fund
its  Euro-Dollar  Loans and such Bank shall  so  notify  the
Agent, the Agent shall forthwith give notice thereof to  the
other  Banks  and  the Borrower, whereupon until  such  Bank
notifies  the  Borrower and the Agent that the circumstances
giving  rise  to  such  suspension  no  longer  exist,   the
obligation of such Bank to make Euro-Dollar Loans  shall  be
suspended.   Before giving any notice to the Agent  pursuant
to  this  Section,  such  Bank shall designate  a  different
Euro-Dollar  Lending Office if such designation  will  avoid
the  need  for  giving  such notice and  will  not,  in  the
judgment of such Bank, be otherwise disadvantageous to  such
Bank.  If such Bank shall determine that it may not lawfully
continue  to  maintain  and  fund  any  of  its  outstanding
Euro-Dollar Loans to maturity and shall so specify  in  such
notice,  the Borrower shall immediately prepay in  full  the
then  outstanding principal amount of each such  Euro-Dollar
Loan,  together with accrued interest thereon.  Concurrently
with  prepaying  each such Euro-Dollar  Loan,  the  Borrower
shall  borrow a Base Rate Loan in an equal principal  amount
from  such  Bank (on which interest and principal  shall  be
payable contemporaneously with the related Euro-Dollar Loans
of  the  other Banks), and such Bank shall make such a  Base
Rate Loan.
<PAGE>

SECTION 8.03.  Increased Cost and Reduced Return.
(a)   If  on or after the date hereof, the adoption  of  any
applicable  law, rule or regulation, or any  change  in  any
applicable  law, rule or regulation, or any  change  in  the
interpretation or administration thereof by any governmental
authority,  central bank or comparable agency  charged  with
the  interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance
by  any  Bank  (or its Applicable Lending Office)  with  any
request  or  directive (whether or not having the  force  of
law)  of  any  such  authority, central bank  or  comparable
agency:

(i)    shall  subject  any  Bank  (or   its
Applicable  Lending Office) to any  tax,  duty  or
other charge with respect to its Fixed Rate Loans,
its  Notes  or its obligation to make  Fixed  Rate
Loans,  or  shall change the basis of taxation  of
payments  to  any Bank (or its Applicable  Lending
Office)  of  the principal of or interest  on  its
Fixed  Rate Loans or any other amounts  due  under
this  Agreement in respect of its Fixed Rate Loans
or its obligation to make Fixed Rate Loans (except
for  changes in the rate of tax on the overall net
income  of  such  Bank or its  Applicable  Lending
Office  imposed by the jurisdiction in which  such
Bank's  principal executive office  or  Applicable
Lending Office is located); or

(ii)  shall impose, modify or deem applicable
any    reserve,   special   deposit   or   similar
requirement  (including, without  limitation,  any
such requirement imposed by the Board of Governors
of  the  Federal  Reserve  System,  but  excluding
(A)   with  respect  to  any  CD  Loan  any   such
requirement  included  in an  applicable  Domestic
Reserve  Percentage and (B) with  respect  to  any
Euro-Dollar Loan any such requirement included  in
an   applicable  Euro-Dollar  Reserve  Percentage)
against  assets  of,  deposits  with  or  for  the
account  of, or credit extended by, any  Bank  (or
its Applicable Lending Office) or shall impose  on
any Bank (or its Applicable Lending Office) or  on
the  United  States  market  for  certificates  of
deposit  or the London interbank market any  other
condition  affecting  its Fixed  Rate  Loans,  its
Notes or its obligation to make Fixed Rate Loans;
<PAGE>

and  the  result of any of the foregoing is to increase  the
cost  to  such  Bank (or its Applicable Lending  Office)  of
making or maintaining any Fixed Rate Loan, or to reduce  the
amount  of any sum received or receivable by such  Bank  (or
its Applicable Lending Office) under this Agreement or under
its  Notes with respect thereto, by an amount deemed by such
Bank  to  be material, then, within 15 days after demand  by
such Bank (with a copy to the Agent), the Borrower shall pay
to  such  Bank  such additional amount or  amounts  as  will
compensate such Bank for such increased cost or reduction.

(b)  If any Bank shall have determined that, after
the date hereof, the adoption of any applicable law, rule or
regulation regarding capital adequacy, or any change in  any
such  law,  rule  or  regulation,  or  any  change  in   the
interpretation or administration thereof by any governmental
authority,  central bank or comparable agency  charged  with
the interpretation or administration thereof, or any request
or  directive  regarding capital adequacy  (whether  or  not
having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank
or  comparable  agency,  has or would  have  the  effect  of
reducing the rate of return on capital of such Bank (or  its
Parent)   as   a  consequence  of  such  Bank's  obligations
hereunder  to  a level below that which such  Bank  (or  its
Parent) could have achieved but for such adoption, change or
compliance  (taking  into consideration  its  policies  with
respect  to  capital adequacy) by an amount deemed  by  such
Bank  to be material, then from time to time, within 15 days
after  demand by such Bank (with a copy to the  Agent),  the
Borrower  shall pay to such Bank such additional  amount  or
amounts  as  will compensate such Bank (or its  Parent)  for
such reduction.

(c)   Each Bank will promptly notify the Borrower
and  the  Agent  of  any event of which  it  has  knowledge,
occurring  after  the date hereof, which will  entitle  such
Bank  to  compensation  pursuant to this  Section  and  will
designate  a  different Applicable Lending  Office  if  such
designation  will avoid the need for, or reduce  the  amount
of,  such compensation and will not, in the judgment of such
Bank,   be  otherwise  disadvantageous  to  such  Bank.    A
certificate  of  any Bank claiming compensation  under  this
Section  and setting forth the additional amount or  amounts
to  be  paid  to  it  hereunder shall be conclusive  in  the
absence of manifest error.  In determining such amount, such
Bank  may  use  any  reasonable  averaging  and  attribution
methods.
<PAGE>

SECTION  8.04.   Base Rate Loans Substituted  for
Affected  Fixed  Rate Loans.  If (i) the obligation  of  any
Bank  to  make Euro-Dollar Loans has been suspended pursuant
to  Section  8.02 or (ii) any Bank has demanded compensation
under  Section 8.03(a) and the Borrower shall, by  at  least
five  Euro-Dollar Business Days' prior notice to  such  Bank
through the Agent, have elected that the provisions of  this
Section  shall  apply to such Bank, then, unless  and  until
such  Bank  notifies  the  Borrower that  the  circumstances
giving rise to such suspension or demand for compensation no
longer apply:

(a)  all Loans which would otherwise be made
by  such Bank as CD Loans or Euro-Dollar Loans, as
the  case  may be, shall be made instead  as  Base
Rate  Loans (on which interest and principal shall
be  payable  contemporaneously  with  the  related
Fixed Rate Loans of the other Banks), and

(b)    after  each  of  its  CD  Loans   or
Euro-Dollar  Loans, as the case may be,  has  been
repaid,  all  payments  of principal  which  would
otherwise  be  applied to repay  such  Fixed  Rate
Loans  shall  be applied to repay  its  Base  Rate
Loans instead.
<PAGE>
ARTICLE IX

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION  9.01.  All notices, requests  and  other
communications to any party hereunder shall  be  in  writing
(including  bank  wire,  telex,  facsimile  transmission  or
similar writing) and shall be given to such party:   (x)  in
the  case  of the Borrower or the Agent, at its  address  or
facsimile  number set forth on the signature  pages  hereof,
(y)  in  the  case of any Bank, at its address or  telex  or
facsimile   number   set   forth   in   its   Administrative
Questionnaire  or (z) in the case of any party,  such  other
address  or  telex  or facsimile number as  such  party  may
hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to the Agent and
the   Borrower.    Each  such  notice,  request   or   other
communication shall be effective (i) if given by telex, when
such  telex is transmitted to the telex number specified  in
this  Section  and the appropriate answerback  is  received,
(ii) if given by mail, 72 hours after such communication  is
deposited  in  the  mails with first class postage  prepaid,
addressed as aforesaid or (iii) if given by any other means,
when  received  at  the address specified in  this  Section;
provided  that  notices to the Agent  under  Article  II  or
Article VIII shall not be effective until received.

SECTION  9.02.  No.  No failure or delay  by  the
Agent  or  any  Bank  in  exercising  any  right,  power  or
privilege  hereunder or under any Note shall  operate  as  a
waiver  thereof  nor  shall any single or  partial  exercise
thereof  preclude any other or further exercise  thereof  or
the  exercise  of any other right, power or privilege.   The
rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative  and
not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.

SECTION  9.03.   Expenses;  Documentary   Taxes;
Indemnification.   (a)   The  Borrower  shall  pay  (i)  all
out-of-pocket  expenses  of the Agent,  including  fees  and
disbursements   of  special  counsel  for  the   Agent,   in
connection  with  the  preparation of  this  Agreement,  any
waiver  or consent hereunder or any amendment hereof or  any
Default or alleged Default hereunder and (ii) if an Event of
Default occurs, all out-of-pocket expenses incurred  by  the
Agent  or  any  Bank,  including fees and  disbursements  of
counsel,  in  connection  with such  Event  of  Default  and
collection  and  other  enforcement  proceedings   resulting
therefrom.   The Borrower shall indemnify each Bank  against
any  transfer  taxes,  documentary  taxes,  assessments   or
charges made by any governmental authority by reason of  the
execution and delivery of this Agreement or the Notes.
<PAGE>

(b)   The Borrower agrees to indemnify the  Agent
and   each  Bank,  their  respective  affiliates   and   the
respective directors, officers, agents and employees of  the
foregoing  (each  an "Indemnitee") and hold each  Indemnitee
harmless  from  and against any and all damages,  costs  and
expenses  of  any  kind (including, without limitation,  the
reasonable  fees  and  disbursements  of  counsel  for   any
Indemnitee    in    connection   with   any   investigative,
administrative or judicial proceeding, whether or  not  such
Indemnitee shall be designated a party thereto) which may be
incurred  by any Indemnitee, relating to or arising  out  of
this Agreement or any actual or proposed use of proceeds  of
Loans hereunder; provided that no Indemnitee shall have  the
right   to  be  indemnified  hereunder  for  its  own  gross
negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of
competent  jurisdiction.  The Borrower shall not  be  liable
for  any settlement effected without the Borrower's consent,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

SECTION 9.04.  Sharing of Set-.  Each Bank agrees
that  if  it  shall, by exercising any right of  set-off  or
counterclaim  or otherwise, receive payment of a  proportion
of  the aggregate amount of principal and interest due  with
respect  to  any Note held by it which is greater  than  the
proportion  received by any other Bank  in  respect  of  the
aggregate amount of principal and interest due with  respect
to any Note held by such other Bank, the Bank receiving such
proportionately   greater  payment   shall   purchase   such
participation in the Notes held by the other Banks, and such
other adjustments shall be made, as may be required so  that
all such payments of principal and interest with respect  to
the Notes held by the Banks shall be shared by the Banks pro
rata; provided that nothing in this Section shall impair the
right  of  any  Bank  to exercise any right  of  set-off  or
counterclaim it may have and to apply the amount subject  to
such exercise to the payment of indebtedness of the Borrower
other  than its indebtedness under the Notes.  The  Borrower
agrees, to the fullest extent it may effectively do so under
applicable  law,  that any holder of a  participation  in  a
Note,  whether  or  not acquired pursuant to  the  foregoing
arrangements, may exercise rights of set-off or counterclaim
and other rights with respect to such participation as fully
as  if such holder of a participation were a direct creditor
of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.
<PAGE>

SECTION  9.05.   Amendments  and  Waivers.   Any
provision  of this Agreement or the Notes may be amended  or
waived  if,  but  only if, such amendment or  waiver  is  in
writing and is signed by the Borrower and the Required Banks
(and,  if  the  rights or duties of the Agent  are  affected
thereby,  by the Agent); provided that no such amendment  or
waiver  shall, unless signed by all the Banks, (i)  increase
or decrease the Commitment of any Bank (except for a ratable
decrease  in  the Commitments of all Banks) or  subject  any
Bank to any additional obligation, (ii) reduce the principal
of, accrued interest on, or rate of interest on, any Loan or
any  fees hereunder, (iii) postpone the date fixed  for  any
payment of principal of or interest on any Loan or any  fees
hereunder  or  the  Termination  Date  or  (iv)  change  the
percentage  of  the Commitments or of the  aggregate  unpaid
principal amount of the Notes, or the number of Banks, which
shall  be required for the Banks or any of them to take  any
action  under  this Section or any other provision  of  this
Agreement.

SECTION 9.06.  Successors and Assigns.  (a)   The
provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure
to  the  benefit of the parties hereto and their  respective
successors  and  assigns, except that the Borrower  may  not
assign  or  otherwise transfer any of its rights under  this
Agreement without the prior written consent of all Banks.

(b)  Any Bank may at any time grant to one or more
banks   or   other   institutions  (each  a   "Participant")
participating interests in its Commitment or any or  all  of
its  Loans.  In the event of any such grant by a Bank  of  a
participating interest to a Participant, whether or not upon
notice to the Borrower and the Agent, such Bank shall remain
responsible   for   the  performance  of   its   obligations
hereunder, and the Borrower and the Agent shall continue  to
deal  solely and directly with such Bank in connection  with
such  Bank's  rights and obligations under  this  Agreement.
Any  agreement pursuant to which any Bank may grant  such  a
participating  interest shall provide that such  Bank  shall
retain  the  sole right and responsibility  to  enforce  the
obligations  of  the  Borrower hereunder including,  without
limitation, the right to approve any amendment, modification
or  waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that
such participation agreement may provide that such Bank will
not  agree to any modification, amendment or waiver of  this
Agreement described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of  Section
9.05  without the consent of the Participant.  The  Borrower
agrees  that each Participant shall, to the extent  provided
in  its participation agreement, be entitled to the benefits
of  Article VIII with respect to its participating interest.
An  assignment or other transfer which is not  permitted  by
subsection  (c)  or  (d) below shall  be  given  effect  for
purposes  of  this  Agreement  only  to  the  extent  of   a
participating  interest  granted  in  accordance  with  this
subsection (b).
<PAGE>

(c)   Any Bank may at any time assign to  one  or
more  banks or other institutions (each an "Assignee")  all,
or   a  proportionate  part  of  all,  of  its  rights   and
obligations  under this Agreement and the  Notes,  and  such
Assignee  shall assume such rights and obligations, pursuant
to   an  instrument  executed  by  such  Assignee  and  such
transferor Bank, with notice to the Borrower and subject  to
the  subscribed consent of the Agent; provided  that  if  an
Assignee  is an affiliate of such transferor Bank,  no  such
consent  shall  be required; and provided further  that  any
assignment  shall not be less than $5,000,000, or  if  less,
shall  constitute an assignment of all of such Bank's rights
and  obligations under this Agreement and the  Notes.   Upon
execution and delivery of such an instrument and payment  by
such Assignee to such transferor Bank of an amount equal  to
the  purchase price agreed between such transferor Bank  and
such  Assignee, such Assignee shall be a Bank party to  this
Agreement and shall have all the rights and obligations of a
Bank  with  a Commitment as set forth in such instrument  of
assumption,  and the transferor Bank shall be released  from
its obligations hereunder to a corresponding extent, and  no
further  consent or action by any party shall  be  required.
Upon  the  consummation of any assignment pursuant  to  this
subsection  (c),  the transferor Bank,  the  Agent  and  the
Borrower  shall make appropriate arrangements  so  that,  if
required,  a  new  Note is issued to the Assignee.   If  the
Assignee  is not incorporated under the laws of  the  United
States of America or a state thereof, it shall, prior to the
first  date on which interest or fees are payable  hereunder
for  its  account,  deliver to the Borrower  and  the  Agent
certification as to exemption from deduction or  withholding
of any United States federal income taxes in accordance with
Section 2.13.

(d)   Any Bank may at any time assign all or  any
portion of its rights under this Agreement and its Note to a
Federal Reserve Bank.  No such assignment shall release  the
transferor Bank from its obligations hereunder.

(e)  No Assignee, Participant or other transferee
of  any  Bank's  rights  shall be entitled  to  receive  any
greater payment under Section 8.03 than such Bank would have
been   entitled  to  receive  with  respect  to  the  rights
transferred,   unless  such  transfer  is  made   with   the
Borrower's  prior  written  consent  or  by  reason  of  the
provisions  of Section 8.02 or 8.03 requiring such  Bank  to
designate  a  different  Applicable  Lending  Office   under
certain  circumstances or at a time when  the  circumstances
giving rise to such greater payment did not exist.
<PAGE>

SECTION  9.07.  Collateral.  Each  of  the  Banks
represents to the Agent and each of the other Banks that  it
in  good  faith is not relying upon any "margin  stock"  (as
defined  in Regulation U) as collateral in the extension  or
maintenance of the credit provided for in this Agreement.

SECTION 9.08.  New York Law.  This Agreement  and
each Note shall be construed in accordance with and governed
by the law of the State of New York.

SECTION  9.09.  Counterparts; Integration.   This
Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts,  each
of  which shall be an original, with the same effect  as  if
the  signatures  thereto  and  hereto  were  upon  the  same
instrument.  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
and  understanding among the parties hereto  and  supersedes
any  and  all prior agreements and understandings,  oral  or
written, relating to the subject matter hereof.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this  Agreement  to  be duly executed  by  their  respective
authorized  officers  as of the day  and  year  first  above
written.
JOHN WILEY & SONS, INC.



By /s/ Robert D. Wilder
Title: Sr. Vice President & CFO
605 Third Avenue
New York, New York  10058-0012
Facsimile number:  (212) 850-6088

Commitments
$75,000,000                               MORGAN GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, as Bank and Agent


By /s/ Eugenia Wilds
Title: Vice President
60 Wall Street
New York, New York  10260-0060
Attention:  Vance B. Barbour
Facsimile number: (212) 648-5017
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT A

June 12, 1996

For value received, JOHN WILEY & SONS, INC., a New
York  corporation (the "Borrower"), promises to pay  to  the
order of ______________ (the "Bank"), for the account of its
Applicable  Lending Office, the unpaid principal  amount  of
each  Loan made by the Bank to the Borrower pursuant to  the
Credit  Agreement referred to below on the last day  of  the
Interest   Period  relating  to  such  Loan.   The  Borrower
promises  to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount  of
each  such  Loan  on  the dates and at  the  rate  or  rates
provided for in the Credit Agreement.  All such payments  of
principal and interest shall be made in lawful money of  the
United  States  in  Federal or other  immediately  available
funds at the office of Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of  New
York, 60 Wall Street, New York, New York.

All  Loans made by the Bank, the respective types
and  maturities thereof and all repayments of the  principal
thereof  shall  be recorded by the Bank and,  prior  to  any
transfer  hereof,  appropriate  notations  to  evidence  the
foregoing  information with respect to each such  Loan  then
outstanding  shall be endorsed by the Bank on  the  schedule
attached  hereto,  or  on a continuation  of  such  schedule
attached  to  and  made  a part hereof;  provided  that  the
failure  of  the  Bank  to  make  any  such  recordation  or
endorsement shall not affect the obligations of the Borrower
hereunder or under the Credit Agreement.

This note is one of the Notes referred to in  the
Credit  Agreement  dated  as of  June  12,  1996  among  the
Borrower,  the  banks listed on the signature pages  thereof
and  Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Agent (as
the  same  may  be  amended from time to time,  the  "Credit
Agreement").  Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used
herein  with  the same meanings.  Reference is made  to  the
Credit  Agreement  for provisions for the prepayment  hereof
and the acceleration of the maturity hereof.


JOHN WILEY & SONS, INC.

By___________________________
Title:
<PAGE>
Note (cont'd)

LOANS AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL


____________________________________________________________

Amount of
Amount of   Type of  Principal Maturity  Notation
Date    Loan       Loan     Repaid    Date     Made By
____________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________


<PAGE>

EXHIBIT B


OPINION OF
COUNSEL FOR THE BORROWER


June 12, 1996


To the Banks and the Agent
Referred to Below
c/o Morgan Guaranty Trust Company
of New York, as Agent
60 Wall Street
New York, New York  10260-0060

Dear Sirs:


I  am counsel for John Wiley & Sons, Inc., a  New
York  corporation (the "Borrower") and have acted as counsel
to the Borrower in connection with the Credit Agreement (the
"Agreement")  dated as of June 12, 1996 among the  Borrower,
the  banks  from  time to time parties  thereto  and  Morgan
Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Agent.  Terms defined
in the Agreement are used herein as therein defined.

I have examined originals or copies, certified or
otherwise  identified to my satisfaction, of such documents,
corporate  records,  certificates of  public  officials  and
other    instruments   and   have   conducted   such   other
investigations  of fact and law as we have deemed  necessary
or advisable for purposes of this opinion.

Upon  the basis of the foregoing, we are  of  the
opinion that:

1.    The   Borrower   is  a  corporation   duly
incorporated,  validly existing and in good  standing  under
the  laws  of  the State of New York, and has all  corporate
powers    and    all    material   governmental    licenses,
authorizations, consents and approvals required to carry  on
its business as now conducted.
<PAGE>
2.  The execution, delivery and performance by the
Borrower  of  the  Agreement and each Note  are  within  the
Borrower's corporate power, have been duly authorized by all
necessary  corporate action, require  no  action  by  or  in
respect of, or filing with, any governmental body, agency or
official  and  do  not contravene, or constitute  a  default
under, any provision of applicable law or regulation  or  of
the  Restated Certificate of Incorporation or by-laws of the
Borrower  or of any agreement, judgment, injunction,  order,
decree  or  other  instrument binding upon the  Borrower  or
result  in  the creation or imposition of any  Lien  on  any
asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.

3.  The Agreement constitutes a valid and binding
agreement of the Borrower and each Note constitutes a  valid
and  binding  obligation  of  the  Borrower,  in  each  case
enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the same
may  be  limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or  similar  laws
affecting   creditors'  rights  generally  and  by   general
principles of equity.

4.  There is no action, suit or proceeding pending
against,  or to the best of my knowledge threatened  against
or  affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries before
any court or arbitrator or any governmental body, agency  or
official, in which there is a reasonable possibility  of  an
adverse decision which could materially adversely affect the
business,  consolidated financial position  or  consolidated
results  of  operations of the Borrower and its Consolidated
Subsidiaries or which in any manner draws into question  the
validity of the Agreement or each Note.

5.   I have no reason to believe that each of the
Borrower's   Subsidiaries  is   not   a   corporation   duly
incorporated,  validly existing and in good  standing  under
the  laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, or that each
does   not  have  all  corporate  powers  and  all  material
governmental   licenses,   authorizations,   consents    and
approvals  required  to  carry  on  its  business   as   now
conducted.

Very truly yours,

The Table of Contents is not a part of this Agreement.



