









CONFORMED COPY
$175,000,000


CREDIT AGREEMENT


dated as of


November 15, 1996


among


John Wiley & Sons, Inc.,


The Banks From Time to Time Parties Hereto


and


Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York,
as Agent



J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.,
Arranger

TABLE OF CONTENTS


Page

ARTICLE 1Definitions

Section 1.01.  Definitions 1
Section 1.02.  Accounting Terms and Determinations   15
Section 1.03.  Classes and Types of Loans and Borrowings      16

ARTICLE 2Credits

Section 2.01.  Commitments to Lend 16
Section 2.02.  Method of Borrowing 17
Section 2.03.  Notes       18
Section 2.04.  Maturity of Loans   19
Section 2.05.  Interest Rates      19
Section 2.06.  Facility Fees       23
Section 2.07.  Optional Termination or Reduction of Commitments 23
Section 2.08.  Method of Electing Interest Rates     23
Section 2.09.  Scheduled Termination of Commitments  25
Section 2.10.  Mandatory Prepayments and Repayments  25
Section 2.11.  Optional Prepayments25
Section 2.12.  General Provisions as to Payments     26
Section 2.13.  Funding Losses      27
Section 2.14.  Computation of Interest and Fees      27
Section 2.15.  Change of Control   27
<PAGE>
ARTICLE 3Conditions

Section 3.01.  Effectiveness       29
Section 3.02.  Borrowings  30
Section 3.03.  Transitional Provisions      30

ARTICLE 4Representations and Warranties

Section 4.01.  Corporate Existence and Power         31
Section 4.02.  Corporate and Governmental Authorization;
No Contravention      31
Section 4.03.  Binding Effect      31
Section 4.04.  Financial Information        31
Section 4.05.  Litigation  32
Section 4.06.  Compliance with ERISA        32
Section 4.07.  Taxes       32
Section 4.08.  Subsidiaries        33
Section 4.09.  Not an Investment Company    33
Section 4.10.  Status of Notes     33
Section 4.11.  Environmental Matters        33

ARTICLE 5Covenants

Section 5.01.  Information 33
Section 5.02.  Payment of Taxes; Insurance; Maintenance of Corporate
Existence 36
Section 5.03.  Maintenance of Property; Conduct of Business   36
Section 5.04.  Compliance with Laws37
Section 5.05.  Inspection of Property, Books and Records      37
Section 5.06.  Limitation on Liens 37
Section 5.07.  Consolidations, Mergers and Sales of Assets    38
Section 5.08.  Use of Proceeds     39
Section 5.09.  Subsidiary Debt     39
Section 5.10.  Consolidated Shareholders' Equity     39
Section 5.11.  Debt to Subsidiaries39
Section 5.12.  EBIT/Interest Ratio 39
Section 5.13.  Leverage Ratio      39
Section 5.14. Restricted Payments and Guarantees     39

ARTICLE 6Defaults

Section 6.01.  Events of Default   40
Section 6.02.  Notice of Default   42

ARTICLE 7The Agent

Section 7.01.  Appointment and Authorization         42
Section 7.02.  Agent and Affiliates42
Section 7.03.  Action by Agent     42
Section 7.04.  Consultation with Experts    43
Section 7.05.  Liability of Agent  43
Section 7.06.  Indemnification     43
Section 7.07.  Credit Decision     43
Section 7.08.  Successor Agent     44
Section 7.09.  Agent's Fee 44

ARTICLE 8Change in Circumstance

Section 8.01.  Basis for Determining Interest Rate Inadequate or
Unfair 44
Section 8.02.  Illegality  45
Section 8.03.  Increased Cost and Reduced Return     46
Section 8.04.  Taxes       47
Section 8.05.  Base Rate Loans Substituted for Affected Fixed Rate 49
Section 8.06.  Substitution of Bank49

ARTICLE 9Miscellaneous

Section 9.01.  Notices     50
Section 9.02.  No Waivers  50
Section 9.03.  Expenses; Documentary Taxes; Indemnification   50
Section 9.04.  Sharing of Set-Offs 51
Section 9.05.  Amendments and Waivers       51
Section 9.06.  Successors and Assigns       52
Section 9.07.  Collateral  53
Section 9.08.  New York Law        53
Section 9.09.  Counterparts; Integration    53

EXHIBIT A -       Note
EXHIBIT B -       Opinion of Counsel for the Borrower
EXHIBIT C -       Opinion of Davis Polk & Wardwell,
Special Counsel for the Agent
CREDIT AGREEMENT

<PAGE>

AGREEMENT dated as of November 15, 1996 among JOHN WILEY & SONS, INC., the BANKS
from time to time parties hereto and MORGAN  GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK,
as Agent. The parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1
Definitions
Section 1.1.  Definitions.  Meanings:
Acquisition  means the  Acquisition  by the Borrower of 90% of the  outstanding
capital stock of VCH Publishing Group from Pallas  Investment  Group, the German
Chemical Society and the German Pharmaceutical Society.
Adjusted CD Rate has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(b).
Adjusted  London  Interbank  Offered  Rate has the meaning set forth in Section
2.05(c).
Administrative   Questionnaire   means,   with   respect  to  each   Bank,   an
administrative  questionnaire in the form prepared by the Agent and submitted to
the Agent (with a copy to the Borrower) duly completed by such Bank.
Agent means Morgan  Guaranty Trust Company of New York in its capacity as agent
for the Banks hereunder, and its successors in such capacity.
Applicable  Lending Office means,  with respect to any Bank, (i) in the case of
its  Domestic  Loans,  its Domestic  Lending  Office and (ii) in the case of its
Euro-Dollar Loans, its Euro-Dollar Lending Office.
Applicable Margin has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(e). Assessment Rate
has the  meaning  set forth in Section  2.05(b).  Assignee  has the meaning set
forth in Section  9.06(c).  Bank means each bank listed on the signature  pages
hereof, each Assignee which
becomes a Bank pursuant to Section 9.06(c), and their respective successors.
Base Rate  means,  for any day, a rate per annum equal to the higher of (i) the
Prime  Rate for such  day and (ii) the sum of 1/2 of 1% plus the  Federal  Funds
Rate for such day.
Base Rate Loan means a Loan which bears  interest at the Base Rate  pursuant to
the  applicable  Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Interest  Rate Election or the
provisions of Article 8.
Benefit  Arrangement  means at any time an  employee  benefit  plan  within the
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA which is not a Plan or a Multiemployer Plan and
which is  maintained  or  otherwise  contributed  to by any  member of the ERISA
Group.
Board means the Board of  Directors of the Borrower or a committee of directors
lawfully exercising the relevant powers of the Board.
Borrower  means  John  Wiley & Sons,  Inc.,  a New  York  corporation,  and its
successors.
Borrower's  1996 Form 10-K means the Borrower's  annual report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended April 30, 1996, as filed with the  Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Borrowing has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03.
Capital  Lease  means any lease of property  which,  in  accordance  with GAAP,
should  be  capitalized  on  the  lessee's  balance  sheet;  and  Capital  Lease
Obligation means the amount of the liability which should be so capitalized.
CD Base Rate has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(b).
CD Loan means (i) a Loan which  bears  interest  at a CD Rate  pursuant  to the
applicable  Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Interest  Rate  Election or (ii) an
overdue amount which was a CD Loan immediately before it became overdue.
CD Rate means a rate of interest  determined pursuant to Section 2.05(b) on
the basis of an Adjusted CD Rate. CD Reference  Banks means The Chase  Manhattan
Bank, CoreStates Bank, N.A. and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York.
Class has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03.
Commitment means any Term Loan Commitment or Revolving Credit  Commitment,  and
Commitments means any or all of the foregoing, as the context may require.
Consolidated  EBIT means,  for any fiscal period,  Consolidated  Net Income for
such period plus, to the extent deducted in determining  Consolidated Net Income
for such period,  the aggregate amount of (i) Consolidated  Interest Charges and
(ii) provision for income taxes.
Consolidated  EBITDA means, for any fiscal period,  Consolidated  EBIT for such
period plus, to the extent  deducted in determining  Consolidated  EBIT for such
period, depreciation and amortization expense.
Consolidated  Interest  Charges  means,  for any fiscal  period,  the aggregate
amount of interest charges, whether expensed or capitalized, incurred or accrued
by the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries during such period.
Consolidated  Net Income means the  consolidated net income of the Borrower and
its Consolidated Subsidiaries, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding
(A) the proceeds of any life  insurance  policy to the extent,  if any,
that such proceeds have been included in consolidated net income,


(B) after-tax  gains arising from (1) the sale or other  disposition of
any assets  (other than sales in the Ordinary  Course of Business) to the extent
that the  aggregate  amount of the gain exceeds the  aggregate  amount of losses
from the sale,  abandonment or other  disposition of assets (other than sales in
the Ordinary Course of Business),  (2) any write-up of assets to the extent,  if
any,  such  write-up has been included in  consolidated  net income,  or (3) the
acquisition of outstanding Debt securities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary,


(C) any amount  representing any interest in the undistributed  earnings of
any other Person (other than a Subsidiary),

<PAGE>
(D) any earnings, prior the date of acquisition, of any Person acquired
in any manner,  and any earnings of any  Subsidiary  accrued prior to becoming a
Subsidiary,  to the extent, if any, that any such earnings have been included in
consolidated net income,


(E) any earnings of a successor to or  transferee  of the assets of the
Borrower prior to becoming such successor or transferee,  to the extent, if any,
that any such earnings have been included in consolidated net income,


(F) any deferred credit (or amortization of a deferred credit) arising from
the creation of the negative goodwill pursuant to the acquisition of any Person,
and

(G) any  portion  of the net  income  of any  Subsidiary  which for any
reason is unavailable for payment of dividends.

Consolidated  Net  Worth  means  Consolidated  Shareholders'  Equity  minus the
aggregate net book value of the following to the extent, if any, that such items
were included in consolidated  assets or deducted from consolidated  liabilities
in computing Consolidated Shareholders' Equity:
(A)      the amount (if any) by which the sum of


(1) the aggregate amount of Investments  described in subsection (C) of the
definition of Restricted Investments plus


(2) other Restricted Investments made after May 1, 1996,
exceeds $10,000,000, and
(B) any write-up of assets  (other than  current  assets and other than
any write-up  arising from the  acquisition of any Person in the Ordinary Course
of Business) made after November 1, 1996.

Consolidated  Shareholders'  Equity means the consolidated total  shareholders'
equity (including capital stock,  additional paid-in capital,  retained earnings
and any accumulated  translation adjustment as reduced by treasury stock) in the
Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, determined in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated  Subsidiary  means at any date any  Subsidiary or other entity the
accounts  of which  would be  consolidated  with  those of the  Borrower  in its
consolidated  financial  statements if such  statements were prepared as of such
date.
Debt means all  obligations  for borrowed  money,  including (A) any obligation
owed for all or any part of the  purchase  price of property or other  assets or
for  services  or for the cost of  property or other  assets  constructed  or of
improvements  thereto,  other than trade  accounts  payable  included in current
liabilities  and  incurred in respect of property or services  purchased  in the
ordinary  course of business  that are not more than 180 days  overdue,  (B) any
Capital Lease  Obligation,  (C) any obligation  (whether fixed or contingent) to
reimburse any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid or payable under a
standby letter of credit and (D) any Guarantee with respect to Debt (of the kind
otherwise described in this definition) of another Person.
Default means any condition or event which  constitutes  an Event of Default or
which with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both would,  unless cured or
waived, become an Event of Default.
Derivatives  Obligations of any Person means all  obligations of such Person in
respect of any rate swap  transaction,  basis swap,  forward  rate  transaction,
commodity swap, commodity option,  equity or equity index swap, equity or equity
index option, bond option,  interest rate option,  foreign exchange transaction,
cap  transaction,   floor  transaction,   collar   transaction,   currency  swap
transaction,  cross-currency rate swap transaction, currency option or any other
similar  transaction  (including any option with respect to any of the foregoing
transactions) or any combination of the foregoing transactions.
Domestic  Business Day means any day except a Saturday,  Sunday or other day on
which  commercial  banks in New York City are  authorized  or required by law to
close.
Domestic  Lending  Office  means,  as to each Bank,  its office  located at its
address set forth in its  Administrative  Questionnaire  (or  identified  in its
Administrative  Questionnaire  as its  Domestic  Lending  Office)  or such other
office as such Bank may hereafter  designate as its Domestic  Lending  Office by
notice to the  Borrower and the Agent;  provided  that any Bank may so designate
separate  Domestic Lending Offices for its Base Rate Loans, on the one hand, and
its CD Loans,  on the other  hand,  in which case all  references  herein to the
Domestic  Lending Office of such Bank shall be deemed to refer to either or both
of such offices, as the context may require.
Domestic  Loans  means CD Loans or Base Rate  Loans or both.  Domestic  Reserve
Percentage has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(b).
EBIT/Interest  Ratio means at any date the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of
(i) Consolidated  EBIT for the four consecutive  fiscal quarters of the Borrower
and its  Consolidated  Subsidiaries  ending  on such  date to (ii)  Consolidated
Interest Charges for such period.
Effective  Date means the date this Agreement  becomes  effective in accordance
with Section 3.01.  Environmental Laws means any and all federal,  state, local
and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances,
<PAGE>
rules, judgments,  orders, decrees, permits,  concessions,  grants,  franchises,
licenses,   agreements  or  other  governmental  restrictions  relating  to  the
environment or to emissions, discharges or releases of pollutants, contaminants,
petroleum or petroleum  products,  chemicals or  industrial,  toxic or hazardous
substances or wastes into the environment including, without limitation, ambient
air,  surface  water,  ground  water,  or land,  or  otherwise  relating  to the
manufacture,   processing,  distribution,  use,  treatment,  storage,  disposal,
transport  or handling  of  pollutants,  contaminants,  petroleum  or  petroleum
products,  chemicals or industrial,  toxic or hazardous  substances or wastes or
the clean-up or other remediation thereof.
ERISA means the Employee  Retirement  Income  Security Act of 1974, as amended.
ERISA Group means the Borrower, any Subsidiary and all members of a controlled
group of corporations and all trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated)
under common control which,  together with the Borrower or any  Subsidiary,  are
treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code.
Euro-Dollar  Business Day means any Domestic  Business Day on which  commercial
banks  are  open  for  international  business  (including  dealings  in  dollar
deposits) in London.
Euro-Dollar  Lending  Office  means,  as to each Bank,  its  office,  branch or
affiliate located at its address set forth in its  Administrative  Questionnaire
(or identified in its  Administrative  Questionnaire as its Euro-Dollar  Lending
Office)  or such  other  office,  branch  or  affiliate  of such  Bank as it may
hereafter  designate as its Euro-Dollar Lending Office by notice to the Borrower
and the Agent.
Euro-Dollar  Loan means a Loan  which  bears  interest  at a  Euro-Dollar  Rate
pursuant  to the  applicable  Notice of  Borrowing  or Notice of  Interest  Rate
Election.
Euro-Dollar  Rate  means a rate of  interest  determined  pursuant  to  Section
2.05(c) on the basis of an Adjusted London Interbank Offered Rate.
Euro-Dollar Reference Banks means The Chase Manhattan Bank, Fleet Bank N.A.
and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York.
Euro-Dollar  Reserve  Percentage has the meaning set forth in Section  2.05(c).
Event of Default  has the meaning set forth in Section  6.01.  Existing  Credit
Agreements means the $50,000,000 Credit Agreement dated as of
March 30, 1995 and the $75,000,000  Credit  Agreement dated as of June 12, 1996,
each among the Borrower,  the banks parties  thereto and Morgan  Guaranty  Trust
Company of New York, as agent for such banks.
Exposure  means,  at any time as to any Bank,  the sum of (i) such  Bank's Term
Loan Commitment,  if still in existence,  or the outstanding principal amount of
such Bank's Term Loans,  if its Term Loan  Commitment is no longer in existence,
plus (ii) such Bank's Revolving Credit Commitment, if still in existence, or the
outstanding  principal  amount of such Bank's  Revolving  Credit  Loans,  if its
Revolving Credit Commitment is no longer in existence.
Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum (rounded upwards,  if
necessary,  to the nearest  1/100th of 1%) equal to the weighted  average of the
rates on  overnight  Federal  funds  transactions  with  members of the  Federal
Reserve  System  arranged by Federal  funds brokers on such day, as published by
the  Federal  Reserve  Bank  of New  York  on the  Domestic  Business  Day  next
succeeding  such day,  provided that (i) if such day is not a Domestic  Business
Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions
on the  next  preceding  Domestic  Business  Day  as so  published  on the  next
succeeding  Domestic  Business  Day, and (ii) if no such rate is so published on
such next succeeding  Domestic Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day
shall be the average rate quoted to Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York on
such day on such transactions as determined by the Agent.
Fixed Rate Borrowing  means a CD Borrowing or a Euro-Dollar Borrowing.
Fixed Rate Loans  means CD Loans or Euro-Dollar Loans or both.
GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect at the time of
application to the provisions hereof.
Group of Loans  means at any time a group of Loans of any Class  consisting  of
(i) all Loans of such  Class  which are Base Rate Loans at such time or (ii) all
Loans of such  Class  which are  Euro-Dollar  Loans or CD Loans  having the same
Interest Period at such time, provided that, if a Loan of any particular Bank is
converted to or made as a Base Rate Loan  pursuant to Article 8, such Loan shall
be  included  in the same Group or Groups of Loans from time to time as it would
have been in if it had not been so converted or made.
Guarantee  means any guarantee or other  contingent  liability  (other than any
endorsement  for  collection  or deposit in the  ordinary  course of  business),
direct or indirect, with respect to any obligation of another Person, through an
agreement or otherwise, including, without limitation, (A) any other endorsement
or discount with recourse or undertaking  substantially  equivalent to or having
economic effect similar to a guarantee in respect of any such obligation and (B)
any agreement (1) to purchase,  or to advance or supply funds for the payment or
purchase  of, any such  obligation,  (2) to  purchase,  sell or lease  property,
products,  materials or supplies,  or transportation or services,  in respect of
enabling  such other  Person to pay any such  obligation  or to assure the owner
thereof  against loss regardless of the delivery or nondelivery of the property,
products, materials or supplies or transportation or services or (3) to make any
loan, advance or capital contribution to or other investment in, or to otherwise
provide funds to or for, such other Person in respect of enabling such Person to
satisfy  any  obligation   (including  any  liability  for  a  dividend,   stock
liquidation  payment or expense) or to assure a minimum equity,  working capital
or other balance sheet condition in respect of any such  obligation.  The amount
of any  Guarantee  shall be equal to the  outstanding  amount of the  obligation
directly or indirectly guaranteed.
Interest Period means:  (1) with respect to each  Euro-Dollar  Loan, the period
commencing  on the date of  borrowing  specified  in the  applicable  Notice  of
Borrowing or on the date  specified in the  applicable  Notice of Interest  Rate
Election and ending one, two,  three or six months  thereafter,  as the Borrower
may elect in the applicable notice; provided that:
(a) any Interest Period which would otherwise end on a day which is not
a Euro-Dollar Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding  Euro-Dollar
Business  Day unless such  Euro-Dollar  Business  Day falls in another  calendar
month,  in which  case such  Interest  Period  shall  end on the next  preceding
Euro-Dollar Business Day;

<PAGE>
(b) any Interest Period which begins on the last  Euro-Dollar  Business
Day  of a  calendar  month  (or  on a day  for  which  there  is no  numerically
corresponding  day in the  calendar  month at the end of such  Interest  Period)
shall,  subject  to  clauses  (c) and (d)  below,  end on the  last  Euro-Dollar
Business Day of a calendar month;


(c) no Interest  Period for any  Revolving  Credit Loan shall extend beyond
the scheduled Termination Date; and


(d) no Interest Period  applicable to any Term Loan shall extend beyond
any date upon  which is due any  scheduled  principal  payment in respect of the
Term Loans unless the aggregate  principal  amount of Term Loans  represented by
Base Rate Loans, or by Fixed Rate Loans having Interest Periods that will expire
on or before such date, equals or exceeds the amount of such principal payment.

(2) with respect to each CD Loan, the period  commencing on the date of
borrowing  specified  in the  applicable  Notice  of  Borrowing  or on the  date
specified in the applicable  Notice of Interest Rate Election and ending 30, 60,
90 or 180 days thereafter,  as the Borrower may elect in the applicable  notice;
provided that:


(a) any  Interest  Period  (other  than an Interest  Period  determined
pursuant to clause (b) or (c) below) which would otherwise end on a day which is
not a  Euro-Dollar  Business  Day  shall  be  extended  to the  next  succeeding
Euro-Dollar Business Day;


(b) no Interest  Period for any  Revolving  Credit Loan shall extend beyond
the scheduled Termination Date; and


(c) no Interest Period  applicable to any Term Loan shall extend beyond
any date upon  which is due any  scheduled  principal  payment in respect of the
Term Loans unless the aggregate  principal  amount of Term Loans  represented by
Base Rate Loans, or by Fixed Rate Loans having Interest Periods that will expire
on or before such date, equals or exceeds the amount of such principal payment.

Internal Revenue Code means the Internal  Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,  or
any successor  statute.  Investment  means any  investment so classified  under
GAAP, made by stock purchase, capital contribution, loan or
advance or by purchase of property or otherwise,  but in any event shall include
as an  investment  in any Person the amount of all Debt owed by such  Person and
all accounts receivable from such Person which are not current assets or did not
arise from sales to such Person in the ordinary course of business.
Leverage Ratio means, at any date, the ratio of Consolidated  Debt at such date
to Consolidated  EBITDA for the period of four consecutive  fiscal quarters most
recently ended on or prior to such date.
Lien means,  with respect to any asset,  any mortgage,  lien,  pledge,  charge,
security  interest or encumbrance of any kind in respect of such asset.  For the
purposes of this  Agreement,  the Borrower or any Subsidiary  shall be deemed to
own  subject to a Lien any asset which it has  acquired or holds  subject to the
interest of a vendor or lessor under any  conditional  sale  agreement,  capital
lease or other title retention agreement relating to such asset.
Loan means a Base Rate Loan,  a  Euro-Dollar  Loan or a CD Loan and Loans means
Base Rate Loans,  Euro-Dollar  Loans,  CD Loans or any combination of the three;
provided  that, if any such Loan or Loans (or portions  thereof) are combined or
subdivided  pursuant to a Notice of Interest Rate Election,  the term Loan shall
refer to the combined  principal  amount  resulting from such  combination or to
each of the separate  principal amounts resulting from such subdivision,  as the
case may be.
London  Interbank  Offered  Rate has the meaning set forth in Section  2.05(c).
Material Debt means Debt (other than the Notes) of the Borrower and/or one or
more  of  its  Subsidiaries,  arising  in  one  or  more  related  or  unrelated
transactions, in an aggregate principal amount exceeding $1,000,000.
Material Financial  Obligations means a principal or face amount of Debt and/or
payment or collateralization  obligations in respect of Derivatives  Obligations
of the Borrower and/or one or more of its  Subsidiaries,  arising in one or more
related or unrelated transactions, exceeding in the aggregate $1,000,000.
Material  Plan  means  at any time a Plan or Plans  having  aggregate  Unfunded
Liabilities  in excess of  $10,000,000.  Notes  means  promissory  notes of the
Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, evidencing the
obligation  of the  Borrower to repay the Loans,  and Note means any one of such
promissory  notes issued  hereunder.  Notice of  Borrowing  has the meaning set
forth in Section  2.02.  Notice of Interest  Rate  Election has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.08.  Operating  Lease means any lease,  other than a Capital
Lease, of real or
personal  property;  and Operating Lease Rentals means the sum of the rental and
other  obligations  required to be paid by the lessees under an Operating  Lease
excluding any amount  required to be paid by the Lessee  (whether or not therein
designated as rental or additional  rental) on account of maintenance,  repairs,
insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates and similar charges.
Ordinary  Course of Business means the activities,  events and  transactions of
the  Borrower  that would  reasonably  be expected  to recur in the  foreseeable
future, do not possess a high degree of abnormality and are not unrelated to, or
only  incidentally  related to, the publishing and marketing of books,  journals
and information  services in all formats and computer  software related thereto;
the  importing,  adapting and marketing of works from other  publishers  and the
designing  and  marketing of teaching and  training  materials  for business and
professional  users.  For  purposes  of  this  Agreement,   sales,  directly  or
indirectly,  of book lists,  publishing  or  training  product  lines,  or other
similar forms of publication  rights shall be deemed to be sales in the Ordinary
Course of Business.
Parent  means,  with  respect to any Bank,  any Person  controlling  such Bank.
Participant  has the  meaning  set forth in  Section  9.06(b).  PBGC  means the
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any entity succeeding to
any or all of its functions under ERISA.
Person means an individual,  a corporation,  a partnership,  an association,  a
limited  liability  company,  a  trust  or any  other  entity  or  organization,
including a government or political  subdivision or an agency or instrumentality
thereof.
<PAGE>
Plan  means  at any  time  an  employee  pension  benefit  plan  (other  than a
Multiemployer  Plan)  which is  covered  by Title IV of ERISA or  subject to the
minimum  funding  standards  under Section 412 of the Internal  Revenue Code and
either (i) is maintained,  or  contributed  to, by any member of the ERISA Group
for  employees  of any member of the ERISA  Group or (ii) has at any time within
the preceding five years been maintained, or contributed to, by any Person which
was at such time a member of the ERISA Group for  employees  of any Person which
was at such time a member of the ERISA Group.
Prime Rate means the rate of interest  publicly  announced  by Morgan  Guaranty
Trust Company of New York in New York City from time to time as its Prime Rate.
Quarterly Dates means each July 31, October 31, January 31, and April 30.
Reference  Banks  means the CD  Reference  Banks or the  Euro-Dollar  Reference
Banks,  as the context may  require,  and  Reference  Bank means any one of such
Reference Banks.
Regulation  U means  Regulation  U of the  Board of  Governors  of the  Federal
Reserve System, as in effect from time to time.
Required  Banks  means at any  time  Banks  having  at least 66 2/3% of the
aggregate amount of the Exposures at such time.
Restricted  Guarantee  means any  Guarantee of the Borrower or a Subsidiary  in
respect of any obligation of another Person other than
(A) any Guarantee of the Borrower in respect of any Subsidiary, and

(B) any  Guarantee in respect of Debt to the extent such Debt is secured by
a Capital Lease of the Borrower or a Subsidiary.

Restricted Investment  means any Investment, other than
(A) any Investment in (1) a marketable obligation,  maturing within one
year after  acquisition  thereof,  issued or  guaranteed by the United States of
America or an instrumentality or agency thereof, (2) a certificate of deposit or
other obligation,  maturing within one year after acquisition thereof, issued by
a United States national or state bank or trust company having capital,  surplus
and  undivided  profits of at least  $100,000,000,  (3) open  market  commercial
paper,  maturing within 270 days after  acquisition  thereof,  which has, on the
date of acquisition,  one of the three highest credit ratings of either Standard
& Poor's Ratings Services ( S&P ) or Moody's Investors  Service,  Inc. ( Moody's
), (4) adjustable rate preferred  stocks or money market preferred stocks issued
by a  corporation  organized  under  the laws of the  United  States  or a state
thereof which have, on the date of acquisition, one of the three highest ratings
of either S&P or Moody's and which  mature (or are  redeemable  at the option of
the  holder)  within  twelve  months  after  the  acquisition  thereof  and  (5)
commercial  paper or notes  issued by a  governmental  authority  located in the
United  States,  which are, on the date of  acquisition,  of credit  quality not
lower  than that of the  investments  referred  to in clause (4) above and which
mature (or are  redeemable  at the option of the holder)  within  twelve  months
after the acquisition thereof,


(B)      any Investment in a Subsidiary, and


(C) any  Investment  hereafter  acquired  in any  Person  other  than a
Subsidiary  in  exchange  for,  or  out  of  the  net  cash  proceeds  from  the
substantially concurrent sale of, common shares of the Borrower.

In computing the amount of any Restricted  Investment in any Person,  unrealized
increases or decreases in value,  or  write-ups,  write-downs  or  write-offs of
Restricted  Investments in the Person shall be disregarded (except to the extent
included in the determination of net income of the Borrower or a Subsidiary).
Restricted Payment  means:
(A) the  declaration  of any  dividend  on,  or the  incurrence  of any
liability to make any other payment or distribution in respect of, any shares of
the Borrower (other than one payable solely in its common shares), and


(B) any payment or distribution on account of the purchase,  redemption
or other retirement of any shares of the Borrower, or of any warrant,  option or
other right to acquire such shares, or any other payment or distribution  (other
than  pursuant  to a dividend  theretofore  declared  or  liability  theretofore
incurred as  specified  in  subsection  (A)),  made in respect  thereof,  either
directly or indirectly, except any payment or distribution on account of (1) the
principal of and  prepayment  charge,  if any, on  convertible  Debt, or (2) the
purchase,  redemption or other  retirement of shares of the Borrower in exchange
for,  or  out  of  the  net  cash  proceeds  received  by  the  Borrower  from a
substantially concurrent sale of, other shares of the Borrower.

The  amount of any  Restricted  Payment  in  property  shall be deemed to be the
greater of its fair value (as determined by the Board) or its net book value.
Revolving  Credit Bank means each Bank identified on the signature pages hereof
as having a Revolving  Credit  Commitment  and each  Assignee  which  acquires a
Revolving  Credit  Commitment  and/or Revolving Credit Loans pursuant to Section
9.06(c), and their respective successors.
Revolving Credit Commitment  means,
(i) with respect to each Revolving  Credit Bank listed on the signature
pages  hereof,  the  amount set forth  opposite  the name of such Bank under the
heading Revolving Credit Commitment on the signature pages hereof, or
<PAGE>

(ii) with respect to each  Assignee  which  becomes a Revolving  Credit
Bank pursuant to Section 9.06(c),  the amount of the Revolving Credit Commitment
thereby assumed by it,

in each case as such amount may be reduced  from time to time  pursuant
to Section 2.07 or increased or reduced by reason of an assignment to or by such
Bank in accordance with Section 9.06(c).
Revolving  Credit Loan means a loan made by a Revolving Credit Bank pursuant to
Section  2.01(b).  Revolving  Credit Period means the period from and including
the Effective Date to but not including the
Termination Date.
Subsidiary of any designated Person means any Person or other entity at least a
majority of the Voting Stock (or comparable  ownership interests) of which is at
the time owned by the designated  Person and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries.
Except as otherwise expressly indicated herein, references to Subsidiaries shall
mean Subsidiaries of the Borrower.
Subsidiary   Debt  means  the  Debt  of  all   Subsidiaries  of  the  Borrower,
consolidated in accordance with GAAP. Term Availability Period means the period
from and including the Effective Date to and including December 31,
1996.
Term Loan means a loan made by a Term Loan Bank  pursuant  to Section  2.01(a).
Term Loan Bank means each Bank identified on the signature pages hereof as
having a Term Loan Commitment and each Assignee which acquires a Term Commitment
and/or Term Loan pursuant to 9.06(c), and their respective successors.
Term Loan Commitment  means,
(i) with respect to each Term Loan Bank listed on the  signature  pages
hereof,  the amount set forth  opposite  the name of such Bank under the heading
Term Loan Commitment on the signature pages hereof, or


(ii)  with  respect  to each  Assignee  which  becomes a Term Loan Bank
pursuant  to Section  9.06(c),  the amount of the Term Loan  Commitment  thereby
assumed by it,

in each case as such amount may be reduced  from time to time  pursuant
to Section 2.07 or increased or reduced by reason of an assignment to or by such
Bank in accordance with Section 9.06(c).
Termination  Date means October 31, 2003,  or, if such day is not a Euro-Dollar
Business  Day,  the  next  succeeding   Euro-Dollar  Business  Day  unless  such
Euro-Dollar  Business  Day falls in another  calendar  month,  in which case the
Termination Date shall be the next preceding Euro-Dollar Business Day.
Total Debt means at any date the  aggregate  amount of Debt of the Borrower and
its  Consolidated  Subsidiaries,  determined on a consolidated  basis as of such
date.
Type has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03.
Unfunded  Liabilities  means,  with respect to any Plan at any time, the amount
(if any) by which (i) the present value of all benefits  under such Plan exceeds
(ii)  the  fair  market  value of all Plan  assets  allocable  to such  benefits
(excluding any accrued but unpaid contributions),  all determined as of the then
most  recent  valuation  date for such Plan,  but only to the  extent  that such
excess  represents  a potential  liability of a member of the ERISA Group to the
PBGC or any other Person under Title IV of ERISA.
United States means the United States of America,  including the States and the
District of Columbia, but excluding its territories and possessions.
Voting  Stock means shares of a Person of the class or classes  having  general
voting power (not  depending on the happening of a  contingency)  under ordinary
circumstances  to  elect  a  majority  of the  Board.  As of the  date  of  this
Agreement,  the Class B Stock is the Voting Stock of the Borrower.  Section 1.2.
Accounting Terms and  Determinations.  All financial  statements provided for in
this Agreement shall be prepared,  all financial computations hereunder shall be
made,  and all  accounting  terms  shall  have the  meanings  given to them,  in
accordance  with GAAP,  except as  otherwise  provided  in this  Agreement.  Any
consolidated or consolidating  financial statement or financial computation with
respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries required by this Agreement shall be
done in  accordance  with GAAP,  and if at the time that any such  statement  or
computation  is required to be made the Borrower  shall not have any  Subsidiary
such terms shall mean a financial statement or a financial  computation,  as the
case may be, with respect to the Borrower only.  Section 1.3.  Classes and Types
of Loans and Borrowings.  The term Borrowing denotes the aggregation of Loans of
one or more Banks to be made to the  Borrower  pursuant to Article 2 on the same
date,  all of which Loans are of the same Class and Type  (subject to Article 8)
and,  except  in the case of Base Rate  Loans,  have the same  initial  Interest
Period.  Loans hereunder are distinguished by Class and by Type . The Class of a
Loan (or of a Commitment to make such a Loan or of a Borrowing comprised of such
Loans) refers to the determination whether such Loan is a Term Loan or Revolving
Credit Loan, each of which constitutes a Class. The Type of a Loan refers to the
determination  whether such Loan is a Euro-Dollar Loan, a CD Loan or a Base Rate
Loan.  Identification of a Loan (or a Borrowing) by both Class and Type (e.g., a
Term  Euro-Dollar  Loan )  indicates  that  such  Loan is both a Term Loan and a
Euro-Dollar Loan (or that such Borrowing is comprised of such Loans).
<PAGE>
ARTICLE 2
Credits
Section 2.1.  Commitments to Lend. (a) Term Loans.  During the Term Availability
Period each Term Loan Bank  severally  agrees,  on the terms and  conditions set
forth in this Agreement, to make Term Loans to the Borrower from time to time in
amounts not to exceed in the aggregate  the amount of its Term Loan  Commitment.
Each  Borrowing  under this Section  2.01(a) shall be in an aggregate  principal
amount of (x) in the case of the initial  Borrowing,  $20,000,000  or (y) in the
case of any  subsequent  Borrowing,  $5,000,000  or, in either case,  any larger
multiple of $1,000,000  (except that (i) any such  Borrowing may be in the exact
amount  necessary to refund the  principal  amount of loans  maturing  under the
Existing  Credit  Agreements  on the  date of such  Borrowing  and (ii) any such
Borrowing  may be in the aggregate  amount of the unused Term Loan  Commitments)
and  shall  be made  from the  several  Banks  ratably  in  proportion  to their
respective  Commitments.  The Term Loan Commitments are not revolving in nature,
and amounts repaid or prepaid pursuant to Section 2.10 or Section 2.11 shall not
be reborrowed.
(b) Revolving Credit Loans.  During the Revolving  Credit Period,  each
Revolving Credit Bank severally agrees, on the terms and conditions set forth in
this Agreement, to make Revolving Credit Loans to the Borrower from time to time
in an aggregate  amount at any time  outstanding not to exceed the amount of its
Revolving Credit Commitment.  Within the limits specified in this Agreement, the
Borrower  may borrow  under this  Section  2.01(b),  prepay  Loans to the extent
permitted by Section 2.11 and reborrow at any time during the  Revolving  Credit
Period  pursuant to this  Section  2.01(b).  Each  Borrowing  under this Section
2.01(b) shall be in the aggregate  principal  amount of $2,000,000 or any larger
multiple of $1,000,000  (except that any such  Borrowing may be in the aggregate
amount of the unused  Revolving  Credit  Commitments) and shall be made from the
several  Revolving  Credit  Banks  ratably  in  proportion  to their  respective
Revolving Credit Commitments.

2.2Method of Borrowing(a)  The Borrower shall give the Agent notice (a Notice of
Borrowing  ) not later than  10:30  A.M.  (New York City time) on (i) the second
Domestic Business Day before each CD Borrowing,  (ii) the date of each Base Rate
Borrowing,  and (iii) the third Euro-Dollar Business Day before each Euro-Dollar
Borrowing, specifying:
(i) the date of such Borrowing,  which shall be a Domestic Business Day
in the case of a Domestic Borrowing or a Euro-Dollar Business Day in the case of
a Euro-Dollar Borrowing;


(ii)     the aggregate amount of such Borrowing;


(iii) the Class and initial Type of Loans comprising such borrowing; and


(iv)  in the  case of a  Fixed  Rate  Borrowing,  the  duration  of the
Interest Period applicable thereto,  subject to the provisions of the definition
of Interest Period.

(b) Upon receipt of a Notice of Borrowing,  the Agent shall promptly notify each
Bank  participating  therein of the contents  thereof and of such Bank's ratable
share of such  Borrowing  and such Notice of Borrowing  shall not  thereafter be
revocable by the Borrower.
(c) Not later  than 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the date of each
Borrowing,  each Bank shall make  available its ratable share of such  Borrowing
(determined  in  accordance  with  Section  2.01),  in  Federal  or other  funds
immediately available in New York City, to the Agent at its address specified in
or pursuant  to Section  9.01.  Unless the Agent  determines  in its  reasonable
judgment  that any  applicable  condition  specified  in  Article 3 has not been
satisfied, the Agent will make the funds so received from the Banks available to
the Borrower at the Agent's aforesaid address.

(d) Unless the Agent  shall have  received  notice from a Bank prior to
the date of any  Borrowing  that such Bank will not make  available to the Agent
such  Bank's  share of such  Borrowing,  the Agent may assume that such Bank has
made  such  share  available  to the  Agent  on the  date of such  Borrowing  in
accordance  with  subsection  (c) of this  Section  2.02 and the Agent  may,  in
reliance  upon such  assumption,  make  available to the Borrower on such date a
corresponding amount. If and to the extent that such Bank shall not have so made
such share available to the Agent, such Bank and the Borrower severally agree to
repay to the Agent forthwith on demand such  corresponding  amount together with
interest  thereon,  for each day from the date such amount is made  available to
the  Borrower  until the date such amount is repaid to the Agent,  at (i) in the
case of the Borrower,  a rate per annum equal to the higher of the Federal Funds
Rate and the interest rate applicable  thereto pursuant to Section 2.05 and (ii)
in the case of such Bank,  the Federal  Funds Rate.  If such Bank shall repay to
the Agent such corresponding amount, such amount so repaid shall constitute such
Bank's Loan included in such Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement.

2.3Notes(a)  The Loans of each Bank shall be  evidenced by a single Note payable
to the order of such Bank for the account of its Applicable Lending Office in an
amount equal to the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Bank's Loans.
(b) Each Bank may,  by notice to the  Borrower  and the Agent,  request
that its Loans of a particular Class and/or Type be evidenced by a separate Note
in an amount equal to the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Loans.  Each
such  Note  shall  be in  substantially  the  form  of  Exhibit  A  hereto  with
appropriate  modifications to reflect the fact that it evidences solely Loans of
the relevant Class and/or Type.  Each reference in this Agreement to the Note of
such Bank shall be deemed to refer to and include  any or all of such Notes,  as
the context may require.

(c) Upon receipt of each Bank's Note pursuant to Section  3.01(b),  the
Agent shall  forward  such Note to such Bank.  Each Bank shall  record the date,
amount,  Type and Class of each Loan made by it and the date and  amount of each
payment of principal made by the Borrower with respect thereto, and may, if such
Bank so elects in  connection  with any  transfer  or  enforcement  of its Note,
endorse on the schedule forming a part thereof appropriate notations to evidence
the  foregoing  information  with  respect  to each such Loan then  outstanding;
provided  that  the  failure  of any  Bank  to  make  any  such  recordation  or
endorsement shall not affect the obligations of the Borrower  hereunder or under
the Notes.  Each Bank is hereby  irrevocably  authorized  by the  Borrower so to
endorse its Note and to attach to and make a part of its Note a continuation  of
any such schedule as and when required.
<PAGE>
2.4Maturity  of  LoansThe  Term Loans shall  mature,  and the  principal  amount
thereof  shall be due and  payable,  in  installments  as  provided  in  Section
2.10(a).  The  Revolving  Credit Loans shall mature,  and the  principal  amount
thereof shall be due and payable, on the Termination Date.  2.5Interest Rates(a)
Each Base Rate Loan shall bear  interest  on the  outstanding  principal  amount
thereof, for each day from the date such Loan is made until it becomes due, at a
rate per  annum  equal to the Base  Rate for such day.  Such  interest  shall be
payable  at  maturity,  quarterly  in arrears  on each  Quarterly  Date prior to
maturity  and,  with  respect  to the  principal  amount  of any Base  Rate Loan
converted to a Fixed Rate Loan, on the date such Base Rate Loan is so converted.
Any overdue  principal of and overdue  interest on any Base Rate Loan shall bear
interest,  payable on demand,  for each day until paid at a rate per annum equal
to the sum of 1% plus the Base Rate for such day.
(b) Each CD Loan  shall  bear  interest  on the  outstanding  principal
amount thereof,  for each day during each Interest Period applicable thereto, at
a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin for such day plus the
Adjusted CD Rate  applicable  to such Interest  Period;  provided that if any CD
Loan shall, as a result of clause (2)(b) or (2)(c) of the definition of Interest
Period,  have an Interest  Period of less than 30 days,  such CD Loan shall bear
interest  during such Interest  Period at the rate applicable to Base Rate Loans
during such period.  Such interest shall be payable for each Interest  Period on
the last day thereof  and, if such  Interest  Period is longer than 90 days,  at
intervals of 90 days after the first day thereof.  Any overdue  principal of and
overdue interest on any CD Loan shall bear interest, payable on demand, for each
day until paid at a rate per annum equal to the sum of 1% plus the higher of (i)
the sum of the  Applicable  Margin plus the Adjusted CD Rate  applicable to such
Loan at the date such payment was due and (ii) the Base Rate for such day.

The Adjusted CD Rate  applicable  to any Interest  Period means a rate per annum
determined pursuant to the following formula:





[ CDBR        ]*


ACDR
=
[ --------------]  + AR




[ 1.00 - DRP ]


ACDR
=
Adjusted CD Rate


CDBR
=
CD Base Rate


DRP
=
Domestic Reserve Percentage


AR
=
Assessment Rate


* The amount in brackets being rounded  upwards,  if necessary,  to the
next higher 1/100 of 1%.The CD Base Rate applicable
to any Interest Period is the rate of interest determined by the Agent to be the
average  (rounded upward,  if necessary,  to the next higher 1/100 of 1%) of the
prevailing  rates per annum bid at 10:00  A.M.  (New York City time) (or as soon
thereafter as  practicable)  on the first day of such Interest  Period by two or
more New York  certificate  of deposit  dealers of  recognized  standing for the
purchase  at face  value  from each CD  Reference  Bank of its  certificates  of
deposit in an amount comparable to the unpaid principal amount of the CD Loan of
such CD  Reference  Bank to which  such  Interest  Period  applies  and having a
maturity comparable to such Interest Period.
Domestic Reserve  Percentage means for any day that percentage  (expressed as a
decimal) which is in effect on such day, as prescribed by the Board of Governors
of the Federal  Reserve System (or any successor)  for  determining  the maximum
reserve  requirement  (including without  limitation any basic,  supplemental or
emergency  reserves) for a member bank of the Federal Reserve System in New York
City with deposits exceeding five billion dollars in respect of new non-personal
time  deposits in dollars in New York City having a maturity  comparable  to the
related  Interest  Period and in an amount of $100,000 or more.  The Adjusted CD
Rate shall be  adjusted  automatically  on and as of the  effective  date of any
change in the Domestic Reserve Percentage.
Assessment Rate means for any day the annual  assessment rate in effect on such
day  which is  payable  by a member of the Bank  Insurance  Fund  classified  as
adequately  capitalized  and  within  supervisory  subgroup  A (or a  comparable
successor  assessment risk  classification)  within the meaning of 12 C.F.R. ss.
327.4(a)  (or  any  successor   provision)  to  the  Federal  Deposit  Insurance
Corporation  (or any successor)  for such  Corporation's  (or such  successor's)
insuring time deposits at offices of such institution in the United States.  The
Adjusted CD Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date
of any change in the Assessment Rate.
<PAGE>
(c) Each  Euro-Dollar  Loan  shall  bear  interest  on the  outstanding
principal  amount thereof,  for each day during each Interest Period  applicable
thereto,  at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin for such
day plus the Adjusted London Interbank  Offered Rate applicable to such Interest
Period.  Such interest shall be payable for each Interest Period on the last day
thereof and, if such Interest  Period is longer than three months,  at intervals
of three months after the first day thereof.

The Adjusted  London  Interbank  Offered Rate  applicable to any Interest Period
means a rate per annum  equal to the  quotient  obtained  (rounded  upwards,  if
necessary, to the next higher 1/100 of 1%) by dividing (i) the applicable London
Interbank  Offered Rate by (ii) 1.00 minus the Euro-Dollar  Reserve  Percentage.
The London  Interbank  Offered Rate  applicable to any Interest Period means the
rate  per  annum  at  which  deposits  in  dollars  are  offered  to each of the
Euro-Dollar  Reference  Banks in the London  interbank  market at  approximately
11:00 A.M.  (London time) two Euro-Dollar  Business Days before the first day of
such Interest Period in an amount approximately equal to the principal amount of
the Euro-Dollar Loan of such  Euro-Dollar  Reference Bank to which such Interest
Period is to apply and for a period of time comparable to such Interest Period.
Euro-Dollar Reserve Percentage means for any day that percentage  (expressed as
a  decimal)  which is in  effect  on such  day,  as  prescribed  by the Board of
Governors of the Federal  Reserve System (or any successor) for  determining the
maximum  reserve  requirement for a member bank of the Federal Reserve System in
New York City with  deposits  exceeding  five  billion  dollars  in  respect  of
Eurocurrency  liabilities  (or in respect of any other  category of  liabilities
which  includes  deposits by reference to which the interest rate on Euro-Dollar
Loans is  determined  or any  category of  extensions  of credit or other assets
which includes loans by a non-United  States office of any Bank to United States
residents).  The  Adjusted  London  Interbank  Offered  Rate  shall be  adjusted
automatically  on and as of the effective date of any change in the  Euro-Dollar
Reserve Percentage.
(d) Any overdue  principal of and overdue  interest on any  Euro-Dollar
Loan shall bear interest, payable on demand, for each day from and including the
date payment thereof was due to but excluding the date of actual  payment,  at a
rate per  annum  equal to the sum of 1% plus  the  higher  of (i) the sum of the
Applicable  Margin for such day plus the Adjusted London Interbank  Offered Rate
applicable to such Loan at the date such payment was due and (ii) the Applicable
Margin for such day plus the quotient obtained  (rounded upwards,  if necessary,
to the next higher 1/100 of 1%) by dividing (x) the average (rounded upward,  if
necessary,  to the next higher 1/16 of 1%) of the respective  rates per annum at
which one day (or, if such amount due remains unpaid more than three Euro-Dollar
Business Days,  then for such other period of time not longer than six months as
the Agent may select)  deposits in dollars in an amount  approximately  equal to
such overdue payment due to each of the Euro-Dollar  Reference Banks are offered
to such  Euro-Dollar  Reference  Bank in the  London  interbank  market  for the
applicable period determined as provided above by (y) 1.00 minus the Euro-Dollar
Reserve  Percentage (or, if the circumstances  described in clause (a) or (b) of
Section  8.01 shall  exist,  at a rate per annum equal to the sum of 1% plus the
Base Rate for such day).

(e) The Applicable  Margin for each Fixed Rate Loan  outstanding on any
day  during any fiscal  quarter of the  Borrower  is (i) for each day during any
fiscal  quarter  as to which the  Leverage  Ratio as of the last day of the then
immediately  preceding  fiscal quarter (the  Reference  Ratio ) was greater than
200%, the applicable amount set forth in the table below under the caption Level
I, (ii) for each day during any fiscal  quarter as to which the Reference  Ratio
was equal to or less than 200% but greater than 100%, the applicable  amount set
forth in the table below under the caption  Level II,  (iii) for each day during
any  fiscal  quarter as to which the  Reference  Ratio was equal to or less than
100% but greater  than 50%, the  applicable  amount set forth in the table below
under the caption Level III, and (iv) for each day during any fiscal  quarter as
to which the  Reference  Ratio was  equal to or less  than 50%,  the  applicable
amount set forth in the table below under the caption Level IV.






Level I
Level II
Level III
Level IV

<PAGE>
Euro-Dollar Loans
0.30%
0.25%
0.20%
0.15%


CD Loans
0.425%
0.375%
0.325%
0.275%


For purposes of making interest  payments  hereunder,  the Applicable Margin for
Fixed Rate Loans of any type shall  change only upon  delivery  of an  officer's
certificate pursuant to Section 5.01(e)(iii) setting forth the Leverage Ratio on
the basis of which a change is required  pursuant to this  subsection  (e). Such
change,  however,  will  be  retroactively  effective  to the  first  day of the
relevant  fiscal  quarter,  and an appropriate  adjustment  shall be made within
three  Domestic  Business  Days after the delivery of such  certificate  for any
resulting  change in the  amount of  interest  accrued  from such  first day and
previously paid.
(f) The Agent shall  determine  each  interest  rate  applicable to the
Loans  hereunder.  The Agent shall give prompt  notice to the  Borrower  and the
Banks of each rate of  interest so  determined,  and its  determination  thereof
shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error.

2.6Facility  FeesThe  Borrower  shall pay to the Agent,  for the  account of the
Banks ratably in accordance with their respective Exposures,  a facility fee for
each day at a rate per annum equal to (i) 0.20% for any day on which Level I (as
such term is used in Section  2.05)  applies,  (ii)  0.125% for any day on which
Level II (as such term is used in Section 2.05) applies, (iii) 0.10% for any day
on which Level III or Level IV (as such terms are used in Section 2.05) applies,
on the aggregate amount of the Exposures on such day; provided that the Exposure
of any Bank  hereunder  for purposes of  calculation  of such facility fees (and
solely for such  purpose)  shall be deemed  reduced  (but not below zero) by the
aggregate  outstanding  principal  amount of loans  made by such Bank  under the
Existing Credit Agreements for each day on which such loans remain  outstanding.
Such  facility  fees shall accrue for each day from and  including the Effective
Date to but  excluding  the  Termination  Date (or such earlier or later date on
which no Bank has any  Exposure).  Accrued fees under this Section 2.06 shall be
payable  quarterly in arrears on each Quarterly Date and on the Termination Date
(or such  earlier  or later  date).  2.7Optional  Termination  or  Reduction  of
CommitmentsThe  Borrower may, upon at least three Domestic Business Days' notice
to the Agent,  (i) terminate the  Commitments of either Class at any time, if no
Loans of such Class are  outstanding  at such time or (ii)  ratably  reduce from
time to time by an  aggregate  amount  of  $5,000,000  or a larger  multiple  of
$1,000,000 the aggregate  amount of the Commitments of either Class in excess of
the aggregate outstanding amount of the Loans of such Class. Upon receipt of any
notice  pursuant to this  Section  2.07,  the Agent shall  promptly  notify each
affected  Bank of the  contents of such notice.  2.8Method of Electing  Interest
Rates(a) The Loans included in each Borrowing  shall bear interest  initially at
the  type  of  rate  specified  by the  Borrower  in the  applicable  Notice  of
Borrowing.  Thereafter,  the  Borrower  may from time to time elect to change or
continue  the type of  interest  rate  borne by each  Group  of Term  Loans  and
Revolving  Credit Loans (subject in each case to the provisions of Article 8 and
the last sentence of this subsection (a)), as follows:
(i) if such  Loans  are Base  Rate  Loans,  the  Borrower  may elect to
convert such Loans to CD Loans as of any Domestic Business Day or to Euro-Dollar
Loans as of any Euro-Dollar Business Day;


(ii) if such Loans are CD Loans, the Borrower may elect to convert such
Loans to Base Rate Loans or Euro-Dollar Loans or elect to continue such Loans as
CD Loans for an additional Interest Period, in either case effective on the last
day of the then current Interest Period applicable to such Loans; and


(iii) if such Loans are  Euro-Dollar  Loans,  the Borrower may elect to
convert  such  Loans to Base Rate  Loans or CD Loans or elect to  continue  such
Loans as Euro-Dollar Loans for an additional  Interest Period, in either case as
of the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable to such Loans.

Each such  election  shall be made by  delivering a notice (a Notice of
Interest  Rate  Election ) to the Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City
time)  on  the  third   Euro-Dollar   Business  Day  before  the  conversion  or
continuation  selected in such notice is to be  effective.  A Notice of Interest
Rate Election may, if it so specifies,  apply to only a portion of the aggregate
principal amount of the relevant Group of Loans;  provided that (i) such portion
is allocated  ratably among the Loans comprising such Group and (ii) the portion
to which such Notice  applies,  and the  remaining  portion to which it does not
apply,  are each  $5,000,000 or any larger  multiple of  $1,000,000.  If no such
notice is timely received prior to the end of an Interest  Period,  the Borrower
shall be deemed to have elected that all Loans  having such  Interest  Period be
converted to Base Rate Loans.  Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  the Borrower may
not elect to  convert  any Loan to, or  continue  any Loan as, a Fixed Rate Loan
pursuant to any Notice of Interest  Rate  Election if at the time such notice is
delivered a Default  shall have occurred and be  continuing.  (b) Each Notice of
Interest Rate Election shall specify:


(i) the Group of Loans (or portion thereof) to which such notice applies;

(ii) the date on which  the  conversion  or  continuation  selected  in such
notice is to be  effective,  which shall  comply with the  applicable  clause of
subsection (a) above;

<PAGE>
(iii) if the Loans  comprising such Group are to be converted,  the new Type
of Loans  and,  if such  Loans are being  converted  to Fixed  Rate  Loans,  the
duration of the next succeeding Interest Period applicable thereto; and


(iv) if such  Loans  are to be  continued  as Fixed  Rate  Loans for an
additional Interest Period, the duration of such additional Interest Period.

Each  Interest  Period  specified in a Notice of Interest Rate Election
shall comply with the provisions of the definition of Interest Period.
(c) Upon  receipt  of a  Notice  of  Interest  Rate  Election  from the
Borrower  pursuant to subsection (a) above, the Agent shall promptly notify each
Bank of the contents  thereof and such notice shall not  thereafter be revocable
by the Borrower.

(d) An  election  by the  Borrower  to change or  continue  the rate of interest
applicable  to any  Group of Loans  pursuant  to this  Section  2.08  shall  not
constitute a Borrowing  subject to the provisions of Section 3.02.  2.9Scheduled
Termination of  Commitments(a)  The Term Loan Commitments shall terminate at the
close of business on the last day of the Term Availability Period.
(b) The Revolving  Credit  Commitments  shall  terminate on the Termination
Date.  2.10Mandatory  Prepayments and Repayments(a) Term Loan  Amortization.  On
each date set forth below, there shall become due and payable,  and the Borrower
shall  repay,  an  aggregate  principal  amount of the Term  Loans  equal to the
applicable percentage of the outstanding Term Loans as of December 31, 1996, set
forth below opposite such date:



Date
Amount


October 31, 2000
24%


October 31, 2001
24%


October 31, 2002
24%


October 31, 2003
28%


(b)      Applications of Prepayments.


(i)  Each  prepayment  of  Term  Loans  shall  be  applied  ratably  to the
respective Term Loans of all of the Banks.


(ii) The amount of any  prepayment  of Term Loans  pursuant  to Section
2.11 shall be applied to reduce the amount of subsequent  scheduled  payments of
the Term Loans required pursuant to subsection (a) ratably by amount.


(iii)  Each  payment  of  principal  of the  Term  Loans  shall be made
together with interest accrued on the amount paid to the date of payment.

2.11Optional  Prepayments(a)  Subject  in the  case of any  Fixed  Rate  Loan to
Section 2.13,  the Borrower may, (i) upon at least one Domestic  Business  Day's
notice to the  Agent,  prepay  the Group of Base Rate Loans of any Class or (ii)
upon at least (x) in the case of CD Loans, one Domestic Business Day's notice to
the Agent and (y) in the case of Euro-Dollar Loans,  three Euro-Dollar  Business
Days' notice to the Agent, prepay on the last day of the related Interest Period
any Group of Fixed Rate  Loans of any Class,  in each case in whole at any time,
or from time to time in part in  amounts  aggregating  $2,000,000  or any larger
multiple of $1,000,000,  by paying the principal  amount to be prepaid  together
with accrued  interest  thereon to the date of  prepayment.  Each such  optional
prepayment  of a Group of Loans shall be applied to prepay  ratably the Loans of
the Banks included in such Group.
(b) Upon receipt of a notice of  prepayment  pursuant to this  Section,
the Agent shall  promptly  notify each Bank of the contents  thereof and of such
Bank's ratable share of such  prepayment and such notice shall not thereafter be
revocable by the Borrower.
<PAGE>
2.12General  Provisions as to Payments (a) The Borrower  shall make each payment
of principal of, and interest on, the Loans and of facility fees hereunder,  not
later than  12:00 noon (New York City time) on the date when due,  in Federal or
other funds immediately  available in New York City, to the Agent at its address
referred to in Section 9.01. The Agent will promptly distribute to each Bank its
ratable share of each such payment  received by the Agent for the account of the
Banks.  Whenever any payment of principal of, or interest on, the Domestic Loans
or of facility fees shall be due on a day which is not a Domestic  Business Day,
the date for payment thereof shall be extended to the next  succeeding  Domestic
Business  Day.  Whenever  any  payment  of  principal  of, or  interest  on, the
Euro-Dollar Loans shall be due on a day which is not a Euro-Dollar Business Day,
the  date  for  payment  thereof  shall  be  extended  to  the  next  succeeding
Euro-Dollar  Business Day unless such Euro-Dollar  Business Day falls in another
calendar  month,  in which case the date for payment  thereof  shall be the next
preceding  Euro-Dollar Business Day. If the date for any payment of principal is
extended by operation of law or otherwise, interest thereon shall be payable for
such extended time.
(b) Unless the Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior
to the date on which any payment is due to the Banks hereunder that the Borrower
will not make such  payment in full,  the Agent may assume that the Borrower has
made  such  payment  in full to the Agent on such  date and the  Agent  may,  in
reliance upon such assumption,  cause to be distributed to each Bank on such due
date an amount equal to the amount then due such Bank. If and to the extent that
the Borrower  shall not have so made such payment,  each Bank shall repay to the
Agent  forthwith on demand such amount  distributed  to such Bank  together with
interest thereon,  for each day from the date such amount is distributed to such
Bank until the date such Bank repays  such  amount to the Agent,  at the Federal
Funds Rate.

2.13Funding LossesIf the Borrower makes any payment of principal with respect to
any Fixed Rate Loan or any Fixed Rate Loan is  converted  (pursuant to Article 6
or 8 or  otherwise)  on any day other than the last day of the  Interest  Period
applicable thereto, or the end of an applicable period fixed pursuant to Section
2.05(d),  or if the Borrower fails to borrow,  prepay,  convert into or continue
any Fixed Rate Loans after notice has been given to any Bank in accordance  with
Section  2.02(b),  2.08(c) or 2.11(b),  the Borrower  shall  reimburse each Bank
within 15 days after demand for any resulting loss or expense incurred by it (or
by an existing  or  prospective  Participant  in the  related  Loan),  including
(without  limitation)  any loss incurred in obtaining,  liquidating or employing
deposits from third  parties,  but excluding loss of margin for the period after
any such payment or failure to borrow,  prepay,  convert or  continue,  provided
that such Bank shall have  delivered  to the  Borrower a  certificate  as to the
amount of such loss or expense,  which  certificate  shall be  conclusive in the
absence of manifest error. 2.14Computation of Interest and FeesInterest based on
the Prime Rate  hereunder  and facility fees shall be computed on the basis of a
year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year) and paid for the actual  number of
days elapsed  (including  the first day but excluding  the last day).  All other
interest  shall be  computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and paid for the
actual  number of days elapsed  (including  the first day but excluding the last
day).  2.15Change  of ControlIf a Change of Control shall occur (i) the Borrower
will,  promptly  and in any event within 20 days after the  occurrence  thereof,
give each Bank notice thereof and shall describe in reasonable  detail the facts
and  circumstances  giving rise thereto and (ii) each Bank may, by notice to the
Borrower  and the Agent given not later than 20 days after such notice of Change
of Control shall have been given,  terminate its  Commitment(s),  which shall be
terminated 45 days after such notice of Change of Control shall have been given,
and declare the Note held by it, together with accrued interest thereon, and any
other  amounts  payable  hereunder  for its  account to be, and such Note,  such
interest and such other amounts shall thereupon become,  due and payable on such
forty-fifth  day without  presentment,  demand,  protest or other  notice of any
kind,  all of which are hereby  waived by the  Borrower;  provided  that no Bank
shall be  obligated,  without its written  consent  given at the time, to make a
Loan to be included in any  Borrowing  during the period from and  including the
date of any  such  Change  of  Control  to and  including  the  forty-fifth  day
following  such notice of Change of Control.  For the purposes of this  Section,
the following terms have the following meanings:
Acquiring  Person  means any  Person  (excluding  any  trustee of any stock
participation  plan or pension plan of the Borrower or any Subsidiary so long as
all such plans in the  aggregate  hold less than 20% of the Voting  Stock of the
Borrower),  who along with any Affiliates or Associates of such Person,  becomes
the  beneficial  owner  (within  the  meaning  of Rule  13d-3 of the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended),  directly or indirectly,  of more than 10% of
the Voting Stock of the Borrower.
Affiliate of any designated Person means any Person that has a relationship
with the designated Person whereby either of such Persons directly or indirectly
controls or is controlled by or is under common control with the other, or holds
or  beneficially  owns 5% or more of the equity  interest  in the other or 5% or
more of any class of voting  securities of the other.  For this purpose  control
means the power, direct or indirect,  of one Person to direct or cause direction
of the management and policies of another,  whether by contract,  through voting
securities or otherwise.
Associate  means,  with  respect  to any  Person,  (1) any  corporation  or
organization  (other than the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower) of which
such Person is an officer,  employee or partner or is,  directly or  indirectly,
the beneficial owner of 10% or more of the shares of any class, (2) any trust or
other estate in which such Person has a substantial beneficial interest or as to
which such Person serves as trustee or in a similar fiduciary capacity,  and (3)
any relative or spouse of such Person,  or any relative of such spouse,  who has
the same home as such Person or who is a director or officer of the  Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries.
<PAGE>
Change of Control of the Borrower  shall be deemed to have occurred at such
time or times as (1) any Person (other than W. Bradford Wiley, Deborah E. Wiley,
Peter Booth Wiley and William Bradford Wiley II, their Affiliates or Associates)
alone or with any  Affiliates or  Associates  of such Person,  is or becomes the
beneficial owner, directly or indirectly,  of 50% or more of the Voting Stock of
the Borrower or (2)  individuals  who constitute the Continuing  Directors cease
for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board.
Continuing  Director  means any member of the Board who is not an Affiliate
or  Associate  of an  Acquiring  Person  and  who  was a  member  of  the  Board
immediately  prior to the time that any  Acquiring  Person  became an  Acquiring
Person  and any  other  director  who is not an  Affiliate  or  Associate  of an
Acquiring  Person and who is recommended  to succeed a Continuing  Director by a
majority of Continuing Directors who are then members of the Board.

3Conditions3.1EffectivenessThis  Agreement  shall  become  effective on the date
that each of the following  conditions  shall have been  satisfied (or waived in
accordance with Section 9.05):
(a) receipt by the Agent of  counterparts  hereof signed by each of the
parties hereto (or, in the case of any party as to which an executed counterpart
shall not have been received, receipt by the Agent in form satisfactory to it of
telegraphic,  telex,  facsimile or other written confirmation from such party of
execution of a counterpart hereof by such party);

(b)  receipt  by the  Agent  for the  account  of  each  Bank of a duly
executed  Note  dated  on or  before  the  Effective  Date  complying  with  the
provisions of Section 2.03;

(c)  receipt by the Agent of an opinion of Richard S.  Rudick,  General
Counsel  for the  Borrower,  substantially  in the form of  Exhibit B hereto and
covering  such  additional  matters  relating to the  transactions  contemplated
hereby as the Required Banks may reasonably request;

(d)  receipt  by the  Agent of an  opinion  of Davis  Polk &  Wardwell,
special  counsel for the Agent,  substantially  in the form of Exhibit C hereto,
dated the Effective Date;

(e) receipt by the Agent of a certificate signed by the Chief Financial
Officer or Treasurer of the Borrower,  dated the  Effective  Date, to the effect
set forth in clauses (c) and (d) of Section 3.02; and

(f) receipt by the Agent of all  documents  it may  reasonably  request
relating to the existence of the Borrower,  the corporate  authority for and the
validity of this Agreement and the Notes, and any other matters relevant hereto,
all in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent;

provided that this Agreement  shall not become  effective or be binding
on any party hereto  unless all of the  foregoing  conditions  are satisfied not
later than November 30, 1996. The Agent shall  promptly  notify the Borrower and
the Banks of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding
on all parties hereto. 3.2BorrowingsThe obligation of any Bank to make a Loan on
the occasion of any  Borrowing is subject to the  satisfaction  of the following
conditions:
(a) receipt by the Agent of notice of such Borrowing as required by Section
2.02;
(b) the fact that, immediately after such Borrowing, (i) in the case of
a Term  Borrowing,  the sum of the  aggregate  principal  amount  of Term  Loans
borrowed hereunder and the aggregate outstanding principal amount of loans under
the Existing Credit  Agreements will not exceed the aggregate amount of the Term
Loan  Commitments  and (ii) in the case of a  Revolving  Credit  Borrowing,  the
aggregate  outstanding  principal  amount of the Revolving Credit Loans will not
exceed the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments;

(c) the fact that, immediately before and after such Borrowing,  no Default
shall have occurred and be continuing; and
(d) the fact that the  representations  and  warranties of the Borrower
contained  in  this  Agreement  shall  be  true  on and as of the  date  of such
Borrowing.

Each Borrowing  hereunder shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by
the Borrower on the date of such Borrowing as to the facts  specified in clauses
(b), (c) and (d) of this  Section.  3.3Transitional  Provisions On the Effective
Date, the  commitments of the Banks under the Existing Credit  Agreements  shall
terminate;  provided that  facility fees shall  continue to accrue under each of
the Existing Credit Agreements, for the respective accounts of the banks parties
thereto ratably in proportion to their commitments  thereunder immediately prior
to such termination,  at the respective rates per annum specified therein on the
aggregate  principal amount of loans  outstanding  thereunder for so long as any
loans remain outstanding  thereunder.  Such fees shall be payable when the loans
outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreements are repaid in full.
<PAGE>
4Representations  and  WarrantiesThe  Borrower  represents  and  warrants  that:
4.1Corporate Existence and PowerThe Borrower is a corporation duly incorporated,
validly  existing and in good standing  under the laws of the State of New York,
and  has  all  corporate   powers  and  all  material   governmental   licenses,
authorizations,  consents and approvals required to carry on its business as now
conducted.  4.2Corporate and  Governmental  Authorization;  No  ContraventionThe
execution,  delivery and  performance  by the Borrower of this Agreement and the
Notes are within the Borrower's  corporate  power,  have been duly authorized by
all necessary corporate action, require no action by or in respect of, or filing
with,  any  governmental  body,  agency or official  and do not  contravene,  or
constitute a default under,  any provision of applicable law or regulation or of
the Restated  Certificate of  Incorporation or by-laws of the Borrower or of any
agreement,  judgment, injunction, order, decree or other instrument binding upon
the Borrower or any  Subsidiary  or result in the creation or  imposition of any
Lien  on any  asset  of the  Borrower  or  any of its  Subsidiaries.  4.3Binding
EffectThis  Agreement  constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Borrower
and each Note,  when executed and delivered in accordance  with this  Agreement,
will  constitute a valid and binding  obligation of the  Borrower,  in each case
enforceable  in  accordance  with its  terms.  4.4Financial  Information(a)  The
consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Consolidated  Subsidiaries as
of April 30, 1996 and the related  consolidated  statements of income,  retained
earnings  and cash flows for the fiscal year then  ended,  reported on by Arthur
Andersen & Co., and set forth in the Borrower's  1996 Form 10-K, a copy of which
has been  delivered to each of the Banks,  fairly  present,  in conformity  with
GAAP, the consolidated  financial  position of the Borrower and its Consolidated
Subsidiaries  as of such date and their  consolidated  results of operations and
changes in financial position for such fiscal year.
(b) The  unaudited  consolidated  balance sheet of the Borrower and its
Consolidated  Subsidiaries  as of  July  31,  1996  and  the  related  unaudited
consolidated  condensed statements of income and cash flows for the three months
then ended, set forth in the Borrower's  quarterly report for the fiscal quarter
ended July 31, 1996 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form
10-Q, a copy of which has been delivered to each of the Banks,  fairly  present,
in  conformity  with  GAAP  applied  on a basis  consistent  with the  financial
statements  referred to in subsection (a) of this Section 4.04, the consolidated
financial position of the Borrower and its Consolidated  Subsidiaries as of such
date and their consolidated  results of operations and cash flows for such three
month period (subject to normal year-end adjustments).

(c) Since July 31,  1996 there has been no material  adverse  change in
the  business,  financial  position,  results of  operations or prospects of the
Borrower  and its  Consolidated  Subsidiaries,  considered  as a whole (it being
understood  that  consummation  of the  Acquisition  does not constitute  such a
change).

4.5LitigationThere  is no action,  suit or proceeding pending against, or to the
knowledge of the Borrower  threatened against or affecting,  the Borrower or any
of its  Subsidiaries  before any court or arbitrator or any  governmental  body,
agency or  official  in which there is a  reasonable  possibility  of an adverse
decision  which could  materially  adversely  affect the business,  consolidated
financial position or consolidated results of operations of the Borrower and its
Consolidated  Subsidiaries  or which  in any  manner  draws  into  question  the
validity or  enforceability of this Agreement or the Notes.  4.6Compliance  with
ERISAEach  member of the ERISA Group has  fulfilled  its  obligations  under the
minimum funding standards of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code with respect to
each Plan and is in  compliance  in all  material  respects  with the  presently
applicable  provisions  of ERISA and the  Internal  Revenue Code with respect to
each Plan.  No member of the ERISA  Group has (i) sought a waiver of the minimum
funding  standard  under Section 412 of the Internal  Revenue Code in respect of
any  Plan,  (ii)  failed  to make any  contribution  or  payment  to any Plan or
Multiemployer  Plan or in  respect  of any  Benefit  Arrangement,  or  made  any
amendment to any Plan or Benefit Arrangement, which has resulted or could result
in the  imposition  of a Lien or the posting of a bond or other  security  under
ERISA or the Internal  Revenue Code or (iii) incurred any liability  under Title
IV of ERISA other than a liability to the PBGC for premiums  under  Section 4007
of ERISA. 4.7TaxesThe Borrower and its Subsidiaries have filed all United States
Federal income tax returns and all other material tax returns which are required
to be filed by them and have paid all  taxes due  pursuant  to such  returns  or
pursuant to any  assessment  received by the  Borrower  or any  Subsidiary.  The
charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
in respect of taxes or other  governmental  charges  are,  in the opinion of the
Borrower, adequate. 4.8SubsidiariesEach of the Borrower's corporate Subsidiaries
is a corporation duly incorporated,  validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation,  and has all corporate powers and
all material  governmental  licenses,  authorizations,  consents  and  approvals
required  to  carry on its  business  as now  conducted.  4.9Not  an  Investment
CompanyThe  Borrower  is not an  investment  company  within the  meaning of the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.  4.10Status of NotesThe  obligations
of the Borrower  under this  Agreement and the Notes to pay the principal of and
interest  on the Notes and any and all other  amounts due  hereunder  constitute
direct  unconditional  and general  obligations  of the Borrower and do rank and
will rank at least pari passu in priority  of payment and in all other  respects
with  all  other   unsecured   Indebtedness   of  the  Borrower  now   existing.
4.11Environmental    MattersThe   Borrower   has   reasonably   concluded   that
Environmental  Laws  are  unlikely  to have a  material  adverse  effect  on the
business,  financial  condition,  results  of  operations  or  prospects  of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries, considered as a whole.
<PAGE>
5CovenantsThe  Borrower  agrees  that,  so long as any Bank  has any  Commitment
hereunder or any amount payable under any Note remains unpaid: 5.1InformationThe
Borrower will deliver to each of the Banks:
(a) as soon as available  and in any event within 90 days after the end
of each fiscal  year,  a  consolidated  balance  sheet of the  Borrower  and its
Consolidated  Subsidiaries  as of the end of such  fiscal  year and the  related
consolidated  statements  of income,  retained  earnings and cash flows for such
year,  setting forth in each case in comparative  form the figures as of the end
of and for the  previous  fiscal year,  prepared in  accordance  with  generally
accepted accounting  principles  consistently  applied and reported on by Arthur
Andersen L.L.P. or other independent public accountants of nationally recognized
standing,  which report shall contain no material  exceptions or  qualifications
except such as are not unacceptable to the Banks;

(b) as soon as available  and in any event within 45 days after the end
of each of the first three quarters of each fiscal year, a consolidated  balance
sheet of the Borrower and its  Consolidated  Subsidiaries  as of the end of such
fiscal  quarter  and the  related  consolidated  statements  of income  for such
quarter  and for the  portion of the  fiscal  year ended on the last day of such
quarter,  and of cash flows for the portion of the fiscal year ended on the last
day of such quarter,  setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures
as of the end of and for the  corresponding  quarter of the previous fiscal year
and  the  corresponding  portion  of  the  previous  fiscal  year,  prepared  in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied;

(c)  promptly  upon the  filing  thereof,  copies  of all  registration
statements (excluding registration statements on Form S-8 or any successor form)
and regular and periodic  reports filed by the Borrower with the  Securities and
Exchange  Commission (or any governmental  agency succeeding to the functions of
said  Commission) or with any stock exchange on which the Borrower's  securities
are traded;

(d)  promptly  upon the  mailing  thereof  to the  shareholders  of the
Borrower, copies of all financial statements, reports and proxy statements which
the Borrower shall have sent to its shareholders;

(e) simultaneously with each delivery of the financial statements referred to in
subsections (a) and (b) above, a certificate dated the date of such delivery and
signed by the Treasurer or Chief  Financial  Officer of the Borrower (i) stating
that such financial  statements  have been prepared in conformity with generally
accepted  accounting  principles  applied on a basis which,  except as disclosed
therein, is consistent with the preceding year, or the corresponding  portion of
the  preceding  year  (subject  in the case of  financial  statements  delivered
pursuant to subsection (b) above, to normal  year-end  adjustments of which none
shall be  material),  (ii)  stating  whether  there  existed on the date of such
financial statements or exists on the date of such certificate any Default, and,
in the case of any such Default,  specifying  the nature and period of existence
thereof and what action the Borrower is taking and proposes to take with respect
thereto,  and (iii)  stating  that the  Borrower is and at all times during such
period has been in  compliance  with the covenants set forth in Article 5 hereof
and setting forth calculations  demonstrating  compliance with the covenants set
forth in Sections  5.06 and 5.09  through  5.14;  (f)  simultaneously  with each
delivery of the consolidated  financial statements referred to in subsection (a)
above, a written statement of the independent  public  accountants  reporting on
such consolidated  financial  statements to the effect that in the course of the
examination  upon which their report was based they became aware of no condition
or event involving  financial or accounting  matters which constitutes a Default
or, if such  accountants  did become aware of any such Default,  specifying  the
nature and period of existence  thereof (it being  agreed that such  accountants
will not be required to conduct any special or additional  audit  procedures for
the purpose of enabling them to furnish such written statement);
(g) forthwith  upon any officer of the Borrower  becoming  aware of any
Default, a certificate signed by the Treasurer or Chief Financial Officer of the
Borrower  specifying  the nature and period of existence  thereof and the action
which the Borrower is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto;

(h) if and when any member of the ERISA  Group (i) gives or is required
to give notice to the PBGC of any  reportable  event (as defined in Section 4043
of  ERISA)  with  respect  to any Plan  which  might  constitute  grounds  for a
termination  of such  Plan  under  Title IV of  ERISA,  or  knows  that the plan
administrator  of any Plan has given or is  required  to give notice of any such
reportable  event,  a copy of the  notice  of such  reportable  event  given  or
required to be given to the PBGC;  (ii)  receives  notice of complete or partial
withdrawal  liability  under Title IV of ERISA or notice that any  Multiemployer
Plan is in reorganization,  is insolvent or has been terminated,  a copy of such
notice; (iii) receives notice from the PBGC under Title IV of ERISA of an intent
to terminate,  impose  liability  (other than for premiums under Section 4007 of
ERISA) in respect of, or appoint a trustee to  administer,  any Plan,  a copy of
such notice;  (iv) applies for a waiver of the minimum  funding  standard  under
Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code, a copy of such application;  (v) gives
notice of intent to terminate any Plan under Section 4041(c) of ERISA, a copy of
such  notice and other  information  filed with the PBGC;  (vi) gives  notice of
withdrawal  from any Plan  pursuant  to  Section  4063 of ERISA,  a copy of such
notice;  or (vii)  fails  to make any  payment  or  contribution  to any Plan or
Multiemployer  Plan or in  respect  of any  Benefit  Arrangement  or  makes  any
amendment to any Plan or Benefit  Arrangement which has resulted or could result
in the  imposition  of a Lien or the  posting  of a bond or  other  security,  a
certificate  of the chief  financial  officer or the  treasurer  of the Borrower
setting  forth  details as to such  occurrence  and  action,  if any,  which the
Borrower  or  applicable  member of the ERISA  Group is  required or proposes to
take;
<PAGE>
(i) promptly upon the signing  thereof,  notice of any lease of real or personal
property  under which the  Borrower or any of its  Subsidiaries  is obligated to
make  aggregate  payments of  $10,000,000 or more over any period of five years,
which notice shall provide for inspection of such leased  property at such times
as the Agent or the Banks may reasonably request; and
(j)  such  additional  information  regarding  the  business,   assets,
financial condition,  results of operations or prospects of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries  as the Agent,  at the request of any Bank, may reasonably  request
from time to time.

5.2Payment of Taxes;  Insurance;  Maintenance of Corporate ExistenceThe Borrower
will and will cause each Subsidiary to:
(a)  pay  or  discharge  promptly  when  due  and  payable  all  taxes,
assessments  and  other  governmental  charges  imposed  upon  it or  any of its
property;  provided  that  neither  the  Borrower  nor any  Subsidiary  shall be
required to pay any such tax,  assessment or governmental  charge if the amount,
applicability   or  validity  thereof  is  being  contested  in  good  faith  by
appropriate  proceedings (or payment may be made without penalty) and a reserve,
if appropriate, has been established with respect thereto;

(b) maintain  adequate  insurance with financially  sound and reputable
insurers  covering all such properties and risks as are customarily  insured by,
and in such  amounts as are  customarily  carried by,  firms  engaged in similar
businesses and similarly situated; and

(c) do all  things  necessary  to  preserve  and keep in full force and
effect the corporate  existence,  rights and  franchises of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries;  provided that this Section 5.02(c) shall not prevent the Borrower
or any  Subsidiary  from  abandoning  or  disposing  of any of its  property  or
abandoning  or  terminating  any  right or  franchise  if (i) such  abandonment,
disposition  or  termination  does  not  violate  any  other  provision  of this
Agreement and (ii) all such  abandonments,  dispositions and terminations do not
in the aggregate materially and adversely affect the business, assets, financial
condition,   results  of  operations  or  prospects  of  the  Borrower  and  its
Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

5.3Maintenance  of Property;  Conduct of Business(a) The Borrower will keep, and
will cause each  Subsidiary  to keep,  all property  useful and necessary in its
business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted.
(b) The  Borrower  will  continue,  and will cause each  Subsidiary  to
continue, to engage in business of the same general type as now conducted by the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries.

5.4Compliance  with LawsThe  Borrower will comply,  and cause each Subsidiary to
comply,  in all material respects with all applicable laws,  ordinances,  rules,
regulations,  and requirements of governmental  authorities (including,  without
limitation,   Environmental  Laws  and  ERISA  and  the  rules  and  regulations
thereunder)  except where the necessity of compliance  therewith is contested in
good faith by  appropriate  proceedings.  5.5Inspection  of Property,  Books and
RecordsThe  Borrower will keep, and will cause each  Subsidiary to keep,  proper
books of record and account in which full,  true and  correct  entries  shall be
made  of  all  dealings  and  transactions  in  relation  to  its  business  and
activities;  and  will  permit,  and  will  cause  each  Subsidiary  to  permit,
representatives  of any Bank at such Bank's  expense to visit and inspect any of
their  respective  properties,  to examine and make  abstracts from any of their
respective books and records and to discuss their respective  affairs,  finances
and accounts with their respective  officers,  employees and independent  public
accountants,  all at such  reasonable  times and as often as may  reasonably  be
desired.  5.6Limitation  on LiensThe  Borrower will not, and will not permit any
Subsidiary to, create, assume or suffer to be created, assumed or incurred or to
exist any Lien upon any  property or assets of the  Borrower  or any  Subsidiary
(whether now owned or hereafter acquired) other than:
(a) Liens securing taxes,  assessments or other governmental charges to the
extent non-payment thereof is permitted by Section 5.02(a);

(b) Liens  incurred in the ordinary  course of business in connection  with
the workmen's  compensation,  unemployment  insurance and other social  security
obligations;

(c) Liens incurred in the ordinary  course of business but not incurred
in  connection  with the  borrowing  of money,  the  incurrence  of  Derivatives
Obligations,  the obtaining of advances or the payment of the deferred  purchase
price of any property or assets, including, without limitation, Liens securing:


(i) claims of mechanics,  workmen,  materialmen or other similar persons in
respect  of  obligations  not yet  due or  being  contested  in  good  faith  by
appropriate proceedings, or
(ii)  the  performance  of  bids,  tenders  or  contracts  which in the
aggregate do not detract in any material  respect from the value of the property
or assets of the Borrower or any  Subsidiary  or impair in any material  respect
the  use  thereof  in the  operation  of the  business  of the  Borrower  or any
Subsidiary, or


(iii)  leases  (including   equipment  leases),   public  or  statutory
obligations  (other than the  obligations  referred to in paragraph  (a) above),
surety  and  appeal  bonds  or  other  similar  obligations,  provided  that the
aggregate obligations secured by such Liens shall not exceed $15,000,000;
<PAGE>
(d) Liens existing as of the date of this  Agreement;  provided that no
such Lien shall extend to any property  other than the property as to which such
Lien was in effect as of such date and the Debt  secured  by such Lien shall not
be increased, renewed or extended;

(e) Liens on  property  to secure the payment of all or any part of the
purchase price thereof or to secure any Debt, incurred prior to, at the time of,
or within 90 days after the  acquisition  of such  property,  for the purpose of
financing all or any part of the purchase price of such  property;  provided (i)
that in no event shall the amount of Debt secured by any such Lien exceed 75% of
the  purchase  price or fair  market  value at the  time of  acquisition  of the
property  subject to such Lien,  whichever is less, (ii) that any such Lien does
not  extend to  property  other  than the  property  purchased  or  financed  in
connection  with  which  such  Lien was  created  and (iii)  that the  aggregate
outstanding principal amount of all such Debt shall not exceed $15,000,000;

(f) Liens on property  or assets of any  Subsidiary  operating  outside the
United States securing Debt of such Subsidiary;

(g)  Liens on fixed  assets  securing  Debt  not  otherwise  permitted;
provided that the aggregate  outstanding principal amount of all Debt secured by
Liens  permitted by this paragraph and by paragraphs (d) and (e) above shall not
exceed the greater of (i)  $4,000,000 or (ii) 25% of the excess of  consolidated
net fixed assets over net fixed assets  subject to Liens  permitted by paragraph
(f) above;

(h)   Liens  on  cash  and  cash   equivalents   securing   Derivatives
Obligations,  provided  that the aggregate  amount of cash and cash  equivalents
subject to such Liens may at no time exceed $10,000,000; and

(i) Liens not  otherwise  permitted  by the  foregoing  clauses of this
Section  5.06  securing  Debt  in an  aggregate  principal  amount  at any  time
outstanding not to exceed 5% of Consolidated Net Worth.

5.7Consolidations,  Mergers  and  Sales  of  AssetsThe  Borrower  will  not  (i)
consolidate  or merge  with or into any  other  Person  or (ii)  sell,  lease or
otherwise transfer,  directly or indirectly,  all or any substantial part of the
assets of the  Borrower  and its  Subsidiaries,  taken as a whole,  to any other
Person (other than  property held for sale in the ordinary  course of business);
provided that the Borrower may merge with another  Person if (A) the Borrower is
the corporation surviving such merger and (B) immediately after giving effect to
such  merger,  no  Default  shall have  occurred  and be  continuing.  5.8Use of
ProceedsThe  proceeds of the Loans made under this Agreement will be used by the
Borrower  for its  general  corporate  purposes  (including  refinancing  of the
Acquisition).  None of such proceeds will be used in violation of any applicable
law or regulation.  5.9Subsidiary  DebtSubsidiary Debt will at no time exceed an
amount  equal to (i) 25% of  Consolidated  Net Worth at such time minus (ii) the
aggregate  principal  amount of Debt of the  Borrower  outstanding  at such time
secured  by a  Lien  permitted  solely  under  paragraph  (i) of  Section  5.06.
5.10Consolidated Shareholders'  EquityConsolidated  Shareholders' Equity will at
no time be less than the sum of (i) $70,000,000 plus (ii) an amount equal to 25%
of Consolidated Net Income for each fiscal year of the Borrower ending after May
1, 1996 and on or prior to the date of  determination,  in each case,  for which
Consolidated  Net  Income is  positive  (but with no  deduction  on  account  of
negative Consolidated Net Income for any fiscal year of the Borrower).  5.11Debt
to  SubsidiariesThe  Borrower  will not incur any Debt  owing to any  Subsidiary
unless the same shall be for cash  advances  from such  Subsidiary  and shall be
subordinated  and  subject  in right to the prior  payment in full of the Notes.
5.12EBIT/Interest  RatioThe EBIT/Interest Ratio will not, at the last day of any
fiscal quarter, be less than 200%.  5.13Leverage RatioThe Leverage Ratio will at
no time exceed 350%.  5.14Restricted  Payments and  GuaranteesThe  Borrower will
not, directly or indirectly, make any Restricted Payment and will not permit any
Subsidiary to make any Restricted  Guarantee unless,  after giving effect to any
such action,
(i) the aggregate amount of all (A) Restricted Payments made during the
period  commencing  on May 1, 1996 and ending on and  including the date of such
action ( Computation Period ) and (B) Restricted  Guarantees of the Borrower and
its  Subsidiaries  existing  on the  date  of  such  action,  shall  not  exceed
$50,000,000  plus 85% (or in the case of a net loss, minus 100%) of Consolidated
Net Income accumulated for the Computation Period, and


(ii)     no Default shall have occurred and be continuing.

The Borrower will not declare any dividend on any of its shares payable
more than 90 days after the  declaration  date. The Borrower will not permit any
Subsidiary to make any Restricted Payment.  6Defaults6.1Events  of DefaultIf one
or more of the following events ( Events of Default ) shall have occurred and be
continuing:
(a) the Borrower  shall fail to pay when due any  principal of any Loan
or shall fail to pay within five Domestic  Business Days of the due date thereof
any interest, fees or other amount payable hereunder;

(b) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant contained in
Sections 5.06 to 5.14, inclusive;
(c) the  Borrower  shall fail to observe or  perform  any  covenant  or
agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those covered by clause (a) or
(b) above) for 30 days after  notice  thereof has been given to the  Borrower by
the Agent at the request of any Bank;
<PAGE>
(d) any  representation,  warranty,  certification or statement made by
the Borrower in this  Agreement or in any  certificate,  financial  statement or
other document  delivered  pursuant to this  Agreement  shall prove to have been
incorrect in any material respect when made (or deemed made);

(e) the  Borrower  or any  Subsidiary  shall  fail to pay when due,  or
within any applicable  period of grace,  any obligation with respect to Material
Debt or Material Financial Obligations; or any event or condition referred to in
any instrument or agreement evidencing or securing or relating to any obligation
with respect to Material Debt or Material Financial  Obligations of the Borrower
or any Subsidiary  shall have occurred and be continuing  which would cause,  or
would permit (assuming the giving of appropriate  notice if required) any Person
to cause, such obligation to become due and payable prior to its stated maturity
or the  obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary  under any obligation with
respect to Material  Debt or Material  Financial  Obligations  to become due and
payable;

(f) the Borrower or any  Subsidiary  shall commence a voluntary case or
other  proceeding  seeking  liquidation,  reorganization  or other  relief  with
respect to itself or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar
law now or  hereafter  in  effect  or  seeking  the  appointment  of a  trustee,
receiver,  liquidator,  custodian  or  other  similar  official  of  it  or  any
substantial part of its property,  or shall consent to any such relief or to the
appointment of or taking  possession by any such official in an involuntary case
or other proceeding commenced against it, or shall make a general assignment for
the  benefit  of  creditors,  or shall fail  generally  to pay its debts as they
become  due,  or  shall  take  any  corporate  action  to  authorize  any of the
foregoing;

(g) an involuntary case or other proceeding shall be commenced  against
the Borrower or any  Subsidiary  seeking  liquidation,  reorganization  or other
relief with respect to it or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other
similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the  appointment of a trustee,
receiver,  liquidator,  custodian  or  other  similar  official  of  it  or  any
substantial part of its property,  and such involuntary case or other proceeding
shall remain  undismissed  and unstayed for a period of 60 days; or an order for
relief shall be entered against the Borrower or any Subsidiary under the federal
bankruptcy laws as now or hereafter in effect;

(h) any member of the ERISA  Group  shall fail to pay within 30 days of
the date when due an amount or amounts aggregating in excess of $1,000,000 which
it shall have become liable to pay under Title IV of ERISA;  or notice of intent
to  terminate  a  Material  Plan shall be filed  under  Title IV of ERISA by any
member of the ERISA Group,  any plan  administrator  or any  combination  of the
foregoing;  or the PBGC shall institute  proceedings  under Title IV of ERISA to
terminate,  to impose  liability  (other than for premiums under Section 4007 of
ERISA) in respect of, or to cause a trustee to be appointed to  administer,  any
Material  Plan; or a condition  shall exist by reason of which the PBGC would be
entitled  to  obtain  a  decree  adjudicating  that any  Material  Plan  must be
terminated;  or there shall occur a complete or partial  withdrawal  from,  or a
default, within the meaning of Section 4219(c)(5) of ERISA, with respect to, one
or more  Multiemployer  Plans which could cause one or more members of the ERISA
Group to incur a current payment obligation in excess of $10,000,000; or

(i) a  judgment  or  order  for the  payment  of  money  in  excess  of
$1,000,000  shall be rendered  against the Borrower or any  Subsidiary  and such
judgment or order shall  continue  unsatisfied  and  unstayed for a period of 30
days;then,  and in every such event,  the Agent shall (i) if  requested by Banks
having more than 66 2/3% in aggregate  amount of the  Commitments,  by notice to
the Borrower terminate the Commitments and they shall thereupon  terminate,  and
(ii) if  requested  by  Banks  holding  Notes  evidencing  more  than 66 2/3% in
aggregate  principal  amount of the Loans, by notice to the Borrower declare the
Notes  (together with accrued  interest  thereon) to be, and the Notes (together
with accrual  interest  thereon) shall  thereupon  become,  immediately  due and
payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of
which are hereby waived by the Borrower; provided that in the case of any of the
Events of  Default  specified  in clause  (f) or (g) above  with  respect to the
Borrower,  without  any notice to the  Borrower or any other act by the Agent or
the Banks,  the Commitments  shall  thereupon  terminate and the Notes (together
with accrued interest thereon) shall become  immediately due and payable without
presentment,  demand,  protest  or other  notice of any  kind,  all of which are
hereby waived by the Borrower.6.2Notice of DefaultThe Agent shall give notice to
the Borrower under Section 6.01(c) promptly upon being requested to do so by any
Bank and shall thereupon notify all the Banks thereof.
<PAGE>
7The  Agent7.1Appointment  and  AuthorizationEach  Bank irrevocably appoints and
authorizes  the Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise
such powers under this  Agreement and the Notes as are delegated to the Agent by
the terms  hereof or thereof,  together  with all such powers as are  reasonably
incidental thereto.  7.2Agent and AffiliatesMorgan Guaranty Trust Company of New
York and its affiliates may accept  deposits from,  lend money to, and generally
engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any  Subsidiary or affiliate
of the  Borrower as if it were not the Agent  hereunder.  7.3Action  by AgentThe
obligations  of the Agent  hereunder are only those  expressly set forth herein.
Without  limiting  the  generality  of the  foregoing,  the  Agent  shall not be
required to take any action with  respect to any  Default,  except as  expressly
provided in Article 6.  7.4Consultation  with ExpertsThe  Agent may consult with
legal  counsel  (who  may be  counsel  for  the  Borrower),  independent  public
accountants  and other  experts  selected  by it and shall not be liable for any
action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in  accordance  with the
advice of such counsel, accountants or experts. 7.5Liability of AgentNeither the
Agent nor any of its affiliates nor any of their respective directors, officers,
agents or  employees  shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in
connection herewith (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Banks
or (ii) in the  absence  of its own  gross  negligence  or  willful  misconduct.
Neither  the  Agent  nor  any of its  affiliates  nor  any of  their  respective
directors,  officers,  agents or employees  shall be responsible for or have any
duty to  ascertain,  inquire  into or  verify  (i) any  statement,  warranty  or
representation   made  in  connection  with  this  Agreement  or  any  borrowing
hereunder;  (ii)  the  performance  or  observance  of any of the  covenants  or
agreements of the Borrower; (iii) the satisfaction of any condition specified in
Article 3, except  receipt of items  required to be delivered  to the Agent;  or
(iv) the validity,  effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, the Notes or
any other  instrument  or writing  furnished in connection  herewith.  The Agent
shall not incur any  liability by acting in reliance  upon any notice,  consent,
certificate,  statement,  or other  writing  (which may be a bank  wire,  telex,
facsimile  or similar  writing)  believed by it to be genuine or to be signed by
the proper party or parties.  Without  limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the use of the term agent in this  Agreement  with reference to the Agent is not
intended to connote any  fiduciary  or other  implied (or  express)  obligations
arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead,  such term is used
merely as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an
administrative    relationship   between   independent    contracting   parties.
7.6IndemnificationEach  Bank shall,  ratably in accordance  with its Commitment,
indemnify the Agent,  its affiliates and their respective  directors,  officers,
agents and employees (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower)  against any
cost, expense (including counsel fees and disbursements), claim, demand, action,
loss or liability (except such as result from such indemnitees' gross negligence
or willful  misconduct)  that such indemnitees may suffer or incur in connection
with  this  Agreement  or any  action  taken  or  omitted  by  such  indemnitees
hereunder.  7.7Credit  DecisionEach Bank acknowledges that it has, independently
and  without  reliance  upon the  Agent or any  other  Bank,  and  based on such
documents  and  information  as it has deemed  appropriate,  made its own credit
analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement.  Each Bank also acknowledges
that it will,  independently  and without  reliance  upon the Agent or any other
Bank, and based on such documents and  information as it shall deem  appropriate
at the time,  continue to make its own credit  decisions in taking or not taking
any action under this Agreement.  7.8Successor  AgentThe Agent may resign at any
time by giving  notice  thereof  to the Banks  and the  Borrower.  Upon any such
resignation, the Required Banks shall have the right, subject to approval by the
Borrower, to appoint a successor Agent, provided that approval of such successor
Agent by the Borrower shall not be unreasonably  withheld. If no successor Agent
shall have been so appointed by the Required Banks, and shall have accepted such
appointment,   within  30  days  after  the  retiring   Agent  gives  notice  of
resignation,  then the  retiring  Agent may,  on behalf of the Banks,  appoint a
successor  Agent,  which shall be a commercial  bank organized or licensed under
the laws of the United  States of America or of any State  thereof  and having a
combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000. Upon the acceptance of its
appointment as Agent hereunder by a successor Agent,  such successor Agent shall
thereupon  succeed  to and become  vested  with all the rights and duties of the
retiring  Agent,  and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and
obligations  hereunder.  After any  retiring  Agent's  resignation  hereunder as
Agent,  the  provisions  of this  Article 7 shall inure to its benefit as to any
actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent. 7.9Agent's FeeThe
Borrower  shall pay to the Agent for its own account  fees in the amounts and at
the times previously agreed upon between the Borrower and the Agent.

8Change in  Circumstance8.1Basis  for  Determining  Interest Rate  Inadequate or
UnfairIf on or prior to the first day of any Interest  Period for any Fixed Rate
Loan:
(a) the Agent is  advised  by the  Reference  Banks  that  deposits  in
dollars (in the applicable amounts) are not being offered to the Reference Banks
in the relevant market for such Interest Period, or

(b)  Banks  having  50% or more of the  aggregate  amount  of the Loans
advise the Agent that the  Adjusted  CD Rate or the  Adjusted  London  Interbank
Offered Rate, as the case may be, as determined by the Agent will not adequately
and  fairly  reflect  the  cost to such  Banks  of  funding  their  CD  Loans or
Euro-Dollar Loans, as the case may be, for such Interest Period,
<PAGE>
the Agent shall  forthwith  give notice thereof to the Borrower and the
Banks,  whereupon  until the Agent notifies the Borrower that the  circumstances
giving rise to such suspension no longer exist, (i) the obligations of the Banks
to make CD Loans or  Euro-Dollar  Loans,  as the case may be, or to  continue or
convert  outstanding Loans as or into CD Loans or Euro-Dollar Loans, as the case
may be,  shall be suspended  and (ii) each  outstanding  CD Loan or  Euro-Dollar
Loan,  as the case may be, shall be converted  into a Base Rate Loan on the last
day of the then current Interest Period applicable thereto.  Unless the Borrower
notifies  the Agent at least two Domestic  Business  Days before the date of any
Fixed Rate Borrowing for which a Notice of Borrowing has  previously  been given
that it elects not to borrow on such date,  such Borrowing shall instead be made
as a  Base  Rate  Borrowing.8.2IllegalityIf,  on  or  after  the  date  of  this
Agreement, the adoption of any applicable law, rule or regulation, or any change
in any applicable law, rule or regulation,  or any change in the  interpretation
or  administration  thereof  by any  governmental  authority,  central  bank  or
comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration  thereof, or
compliance by any Bank (or its  Euro-Dollar  Lending Office) with any request or
directive  (whether  or not  having  the  force of law) of any  such  authority,
central bank or comparable  agency shall make it unlawful or impossible  for any
Bank  (or its  Euro-Dollar  Lending  Office)  to  make,  maintain  or  fund  its
Euro-Dollar  Loans and such Bank  shall so notify  the  Agent,  the Agent  shall
forthwith  give notice  thereof to the other Banks and the  Borrower,  whereupon
until such Bank  notifies  the  Borrower  and the Agent  that the  circumstances
giving rise to such  suspension no longer exist,  the obligation of such Bank to
make Euro-Dollar Loans, or to convert  outstanding Loans into Euro-Dollar Loans,
shall be  suspended.  Before  giving  any notice to the Agent  pursuant  to this
Section,  such Bank shall  designate a different  Euro-Dollar  Lending Office if
such designation will avoid the need for giving such notice and will not, in the
judgment of such Bank, be otherwise disadvantageous to such Bank. If such notice
is given, each Euro-Dollar Loan of such Bank then outstanding shall be converted
to a Base  Rate Loan  either  (a) on the last day of the then  current  Interest
Period applicable to such Euro-Dollar Loan if such Bank may lawfully continue to
maintain  and fund such Loan to such day or (b)  immediately  if such Bank shall
determine  that it may not  lawfully  continue to maintain and fund such Loan to
such  day.  8.3Increased  Cost and  Reduced  Return(a)  If on or after  the date
hereof, the adoption of any applicable law, rule or regulation, or any change in
any applicable law, rule or regulation,  or any change in the  interpretation or
administration thereof by any governmental authority, central bank or comparable
agency charged with the interpretation or administration  thereof, or compliance
by any Bank (or its  Applicable  Lending  Office)  with any request or directive
(whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority,  central bank or
comparable agency shall impose,  modify or deem applicable any reserve,  special
deposit,  insurance  assessment  or  similar  requirement  (including,   without
limitation,  any such  requirement  imposed  by the  Board of  Governors  of the
Federal Reserve  System,  but excluding (i) with respect to any CD Loan any such
requirement  included in an applicable Domestic Reserve Percentage or Assessment
Rate and (ii) with respect to any Euro-Dollar Loan any such requirement included
in an applicable  Euro-Dollar  Reserve  Percentage)  against assets of, deposits
with or for the account of, or credit  extended by, any Bank (or its  Applicable
Lending  Office) or shall impose on any Bank (or its Applicable  Lending Office)
or on the  United  States  market  for  certificates  of  deposit  or the London
interbank  market any other condition  affecting its Fixed Rate Loans, its Notes
or its  obligation  to make  Fixed  Rate  Loans;  and the  result  of any of the
foregoing  is to  increase  the  cost to such  Bank (or its  Applicable  Lending
Office) of making or maintaining any Fixed Rate Loan, or to reduce the amount of
any sum received or receivable by such Bank (or its Applicable  Lending  Office)
under this  Agreement  or under its Notes  with  respect  thereto,  by an amount
deemed by such Bank to be  material,  then,  within 15 days after demand by such
Bank  (with a copy to the  Agent),  the  Borrower  shall  pay to such  Bank such
additional  amount or amounts as will  compensate  such Bank for such  increased
cost or reduction.
(b) If any Bank shall have determined that, after the date hereof,  the
adoption of any applicable law, rule or regulation  regarding  capital adequacy,
or any  change  in any  such  law,  rule or  regulation,  or any  change  in the
interpretation or administration thereof by any governmental authority,  central
bank or comparable  agency  charged with the  interpretation  or  administration
thereof,  or any request or directive regarding capital adequacy (whether or not
having  the  force of law) of any such  authority,  central  bank or  comparable
agency,  has or would have the effect of reducing  the rate of return on capital
of such  Bank  (or its  Parent)  as a  consequence  of such  Bank's  obligations
hereunder  to a level  below  that which  such Bank (or its  Parent)  could have
achieved but for such adoption,  change or compliance (taking into consideration
its policies with respect to capital  adequacy) by an amount deemed by such Bank
to be material, then from time to time, within 15 days after demand by such Bank
(with a copy to the Agent),  the Borrower shall pay to such Bank such additional
amount  or  amounts  as will  compensate  such  Bank  (or its  Parent)  for such
reduction.

(c) Each Bank will  promptly  notify the  Borrower and the Agent of any
event of which it has  knowledge,  occurring  after the date hereof,  which will
entitle  such  Bank to  compensation  pursuant  to this  Section  8.03  and will
designate a different  Applicable  Lending Office if such designation will avoid
the need for,  or reduce the amount of, such  compensation  and will not, in the
judgment of such Bank, be otherwise  disadvantageous to such Bank. A certificate
of any Bank claiming  compensation under this Section 8.03 and setting forth the
additional  amount or amounts to be paid to it hereunder  shall be conclusive in
the absence of manifest error. In determining such amount, such Bank may use any
reasonable averaging and attribution methods.

8.4Taxes(a)  For the purposes of this Section 8.04 the following  terms have the
following  meanings:  Taxes means any and all present or future taxes,  duties,
levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings
with respect to any payment by the Borrower  pursuant to this Agreement or under
any Note, and all liabilities with respect thereto, excluding (i) in the case of
each Bank and the Agent,  taxes imposed on its income,  and franchise or similar
taxes imposed on it, by a jurisdiction  under the laws of which such Bank or the
Agent  (as the case may be) is  organized  or in which its  principal  executive
office is located or, in the case of each Bank, in which its Applicable  Lending
Office  is  located  and  (ii) in the  case  of each  Bank,  any  United  States
withholding  tax imposed on such  payments but only to the extent that such Bank
is subject to United States  withholding tax at the time such Bank first becomes
a party to this Agreement.
Other  Taxes  means  any  present  or  future  stamp,   mortgage  recording  or
documentary  taxes and any other excise or property taxes, or similar charges or
levies,  which arise from any payment made  pursuant to this  Agreement or under
any Note or from the execution or delivery or enforcement  of, or otherwise with
respect to, this Agreement or any Note.
(b) Any and all  payments by the  Borrower to or for the account of any
Bank or the Agent  hereunder or under any Note shall be made  without  deduction
for any Taxes or Other Taxes;  provided  that, if the Borrower shall be required
by law to deduct any Taxes or Other  Taxes from any such  payments,  (i) the sum
payable  shall be  increased  as  necessary  so that after  making all  required
deductions  (including  deductions  applicable to additional  sums payable under
this  Section)  such Bank or the Agent (as the case may be)  receives  an amount
equal to the sum it would have received had no such  deductions  been made, (ii)
the Borrower shall make such  deductions,  (iii) the Borrower shall pay the full
amount  deducted  to the  relevant  taxation  authority  or other  authority  in
accordance with applicable law and (iv) the Borrower shall furnish to the Agent,
at its address referred to in Section 9.1, the original or a certified copy of a
receipt evidencing payment thereof.
<PAGE>
(c) The Borrower  agrees to  indemnify  each Bank and the Agent for the
full amount of Taxes or Other Taxes (including, without limitation, any Taxes or
Other Taxes  imposed or asserted by any  jurisdiction  on amounts  payable under
this  Section)  paid by such  Bank or the  Agent  (as the  case  may be) and any
liability (including penalties, interest and expenses) arising therefrom or with
respect thereto.  This  indemnification  shall be paid within 15 days after such
Bank or the Agent (as the case may be) makes demand therefor.

(d) Each Bank organized  under the laws of a  jurisdiction  outside the
United  States,  on or prior to the date of its  execution  and delivery of this
Agreement in the case of each Bank listed on the  signature  pages hereof and on
or prior to the date on which it becomes a Bank in the case of each other  Bank,
and from time to time  thereafter  if requested in writing by the Borrower  (but
only so long as such Bank remains  lawfully  able to do so),  shall  provide the
Borrower  and the Agent with  Internal  Revenue  Service  Form 1001 or 4224,  as
appropriate,  or any successor form prescribed by the Internal  Revenue Service,
certifying  that such Bank is entitled to benefits under an income tax treaty to
which the United  States is a party which  exempts  the Bank from United  States
withholding  tax or reduces the rate of withholding  tax on payments of interest
for the account of such Bank or certifying that the income  receivable  pursuant
to this  Agreement  is  effectively  connected  with the  conduct  of a trade or
business in the United States.

(e) For any period  with  respect to which a Bank has failed to provide
the Borrower or the Agent with the appropriate  form pursuant to Section 8.04(d)
(unless such failure is due to a change in treaty,  law or regulation  occurring
subsequent  to the  date on  which  such  form  originally  was  required  to be
provided),  such Bank shall not be entitled  to  indemnification  under  Section
8.04(b) or 8.04(c) with respect to Taxes imposed by the United States;  provided
that if a Bank,  which is otherwise  exempt from or subject to a reduced rate of
withholding  tax,  becomes  subject to Taxes because of its failure to deliver a
form required  hereunder,  the Borrower shall take such steps as such Bank shall
reasonably request to assist such Bank to recover such Taxes.

(f) If the Borrower is required to pay additional amounts to or for the
account of any Bank  pursuant to this Section  8.04,  then such Bank will change
the  jurisdiction  of its Applicable  Lending Office if, in the judgment of such
Bank, such change (i) will eliminate or reduce any such additional payment which
may thereafter accrue and (ii) is not otherwise disadvantageous to such Bank.

8.5Base Rate Loans  Substituted  for Affected Fixed RateIf (i) the obligation of
any Bank to make or convert  outstanding  Loans to,  Euro-Dollar  Loans has been
suspended  pursuant to Section 8.02 or (ii) any Bank has  demanded  compensation
under Section 8.03(a) or 8.04 with respect to its CD Loans or Euro-Dollar  Loans
and the Borrower shall, by at least five Euro-Dollar Business Days' prior notice
to such Bank through the Agent, have elected that the provisions of this Section
8.05 shall apply to such Bank,  then,  unless and until such Bank  notifies  the
Borrower  that the  circumstances  giving rise to such  suspension or demand for
compensation no longer apply:
(a) all  Loans  which  would  otherwise  be  made  by such  Bank as (or
continued as or converted  into) CD Loans or Euro-Dollar  Loans, as the case may
be, shall instead be Base Rate Loans (on which  interest and principal  shall be
payable contemporaneously with the related Fixed Rate Loans of the other Banks),
and

(b) after each of its CD Loans or  Euro-Dollar  Loans,  as the case may
be,  has been  repaid  (or  converted  to a Base Rate  Loan),  all  payments  of
principal  which would otherwise be applied to repay such Fixed Rate Loans shall
be applied to repay its Base Rate Loans instead.

If such Bank notifies the Borrower that the  circumstances  giving rise
to such notice no longer apply, the principal amount of each such Base Rate Loan
shall be converted  into a CD Loan or  Euro-Dollar  Loan, as the case may be, on
the first day of the next succeeding  Interest Period  applicable to the related
CD Loans or Euro-Dollar Loans of the other Banks.  8.6Substitution of BankIf (i)
the  obligation  of any  Bank to make or  maintain  Euro-Dollar  Loans  has been
suspended  pursuant to Section 8.02 or (ii) any Bank has  demanded  compensation
under  Section  8.03 or  8.04,  the  Borrower  shall  have the  right,  with the
assistance  of the Agent,  to  designate  an  Assignee  which is a bank or other
financial  institution to purchase for cash,  pursuant to an instrument executed
by such Assignee and such Bank, the outstanding  Loans and Commitment(s) of such
Bank and to assume all of such Bank's  other  rights and  obligations  hereunder
without  recourse to or warranty by such Bank, for a purchase price equal to the
principal  amount of all of such Bank's  outstanding  Loans plus any accrued but
unpaid  interest  thereon and the accrued but unpaid facility fees in respect of
such  Bank's  Commitment(s)  hereunder  plus such  amount,  if any,  as would be
payable  pursuant  to Section  2.13 if the  outstanding  Loans of such Bank were
prepaid in their entirety on the date of consummation of such  assignment,  plus
the compensation then due and payable pursuant to Sections 8.03 and 8.04.
<PAGE>
9Miscellaneous9.1NoticesAll  notices,  requests and other  communications to any
party  hereunder  shall be in writing  (including  bank wire,  telex,  facsimile
transmission  or similar  writing) and shall be given to such party:  (x) in the
case of the Borrower or the Agent, at its address or facsimile  number set forth
on the signature  pages  hereof,  (y) in the case of any Bank, at its address or
telex or facsimile number set forth in its  Administrative  Questionnaire or (z)
in the case of any party,  such other  address or telex or  facsimile  number as
such party may hereafter  specify for the purpose by notice to the Agent and the
Borrower.  Each such notice,  request or other  communication shall be effective
(i) if given by  telex,  when such  telex is  transmitted  to the  telex  number
specified in this Section 9.01 and the appropriate answerback is received,  (ii)
if given by mail,  72 hours after such  communication  is deposited in the mails
with first class  postage  prepaid,  addressed as aforesaid or (iii) if given by
any other  means,  when  received  at the  address  specified  in this  Section;
provided  that  notices to the Agent  under  Article 2 or Article 8 shall not be
effective until received.  9.2No WaiversNo  failure or delay by the Agent or any
Bank in  exercising  any right,  power or privilege  hereunder or under any Note
shall  operate as a waiver  thereof  nor shall any  single or  partial  exercise
thereof  preclude any other or further  exercise  thereof or the exercise of any
other right,  power or privilege.  The rights and remedies herein provided shall
be  cumulative  and not  exclusive  of any rights or  remedies  provided by law.
9.3Expenses;  Documentary Taxes;  Indemnification(a)  The Borrower shall pay (i)
all  out-of-pocket  expenses of the Agent,  including fees and  disbursements of
special  counsel  for the Agent,  in  connection  with the  preparation  of this
Agreement,  any  waiver or  consent  hereunder  or any  amendment  hereof or any
Default or alleged Default hereunder and (ii) if an Event of Default occurs, all
out-of-pocket  expenses  incurred by the Agent or any Bank,  including  fees and
disbursements  of  counsel,  in  connection  with  such  Event  of  Default  and
collection and other enforcement proceedings resulting therefrom.
(b) The  Borrower  agrees to indemnify  the Agent and each Bank,  their
respective  affiliates  and  the  respective  directors,  officers,  agents  and
employees  of the  foregoing  (each an  Indemnitee  ) and hold  each  Indemnitee
harmless  from and against any and all  damages,  costs and expenses of any kind
(including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel
for any  Indemnitee  in connection  with any  investigative,  administrative  or
judicial proceeding,  whether or not such Indemnitee shall be designated a party
thereto) which may be incurred by any Indemnitee,  relating to or arising out of
this  Agreement  or any actual or proposed  use of proceeds of Loans  hereunder;
provided that no Indemnitee shall have the right to be indemnified hereunder for
its own gross  negligence  or willful  misconduct  as  determined  by a court of
competent  jurisdiction.  The  Borrower  shall not be liable for any  settlement
effected without the Borrower's consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld.

9.4Sharing of Set-OffsEach Bank agrees that if it shall, by exercising any right
of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise,  receive payment of a proportion of the
aggregate  amount of principal and interest due with respect to any Note held by
it which is greater than the proportion received by any other Bank in respect of
the aggregate amount of principal and interest due with respect to any Note held
by such other Bank,  the Bank  receiving such  proportionately  greater  payment
shall purchase such participation in the Notes held by the other Banks, and such
other adjustments shall be made, as may be required so that all such payments of
principal  and  interest  with  respect to the Notes held by the Banks  shall be
shared by the Banks pro rata;  provided  that nothing in this Section 9.04 shall
impair the right of any Bank to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim it
may have and to apply the amount  subject  to such  exercise  to the  payment of
indebtedness of the Borrower other than its  indebtedness  under the Notes.  The
Borrower agrees, to the fullest extent it may effectively do so under applicable
law,  that any holder of a  participation  in a Note,  whether  or not  acquired
pursuant  to the  foregoing  arrangements,  may  exercise  rights of  set-off or
counterclaim and other rights with respect to such  participation as fully as if
such holder of a  participation  were a direct  creditor of the  Borrower in the
amount of such  participation.  9.5Amendments  and WaiversAny  provision of this
Agreement or the Notes may be amended or waived if, but only if, such  amendment
or waiver is in writing and is signed by the  Borrower  and the  Required  Banks
(and, if the rights or duties of the Agent are affected thereby,  by the Agent);
provided that no such amendment or waiver shall, unless signed by all the Banks,
(i)  increase  or  decrease  any  Commitment  of any Bank  (except for a ratable
decrease in the  Commitments of all Banks) or subject any Bank to any additional
obligation,  (ii)  reduce the  principal  of,  accrued  interest  on, or rate of
interest on, any Loan or any fees  hereunder,  (iii) postpone the date fixed for
any payment of principal of or interest on any Loan or any fees hereunder or for
termination of any  Commitment or (iv) change the percentage of the  Commitments
or of the  aggregate  unpaid  principal  amount of the  Notes,  or the number of
Banks,  which shall be required  for the Banks or any of them to take any action
under this Section 9.05 or any other provision of this Agreement.  9.6Successors
and Assigns(a) The provisions of this Agreement  shall be binding upon and inure
to the  benefit  of the  parties  hereto  and their  respective  successors  and
assigns,  except that the Borrower  may not assign or otherwise  transfer any of
its rights under this Agreement without the prior written consent of all Banks.
(b) Any  Bank  may at any  time  grant  to one or more  banks  or other
institutions (each a Participant ) participating  interests in any or all of its
Commitments or any or all of its Loans. In the event of any such grant by a Bank
of a participating interest to a Participant,  whether or not upon notice to the
Borrower and the Agent,  such Bank shall remain  responsible for the performance
of its obligations  hereunder,  and the Borrower and the Agent shall continue to
deal solely and directly  with such Bank in  connection  with such Bank's rights
and obligations under this Agreement.  Any agreement  pursuant to which any Bank
may grant  such a  participating  interest  shall  provide  that such Bank shall
retain  the sole right and  responsibility  to enforce  the  obligations  of the
Borrower  hereunder  including,  without  limitation,  the right to approve  any
amendment,  modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement;  provided
that such  participation  agreement may provide that such Bank will not agree to
any modification, amendment or waiver of this Agreement described in clause (i),
(ii) or (iii) of  Section  9.05  without  the  consent of the  Participant.  The
Borrower  agrees  that each  Participant  shall,  to the extent  provided in its
participation  agreement,  be entitled to the benefits of Article 8 with respect
to its  participating  interest.  An assignment or other  transfer  which is not
permitted by  subsection  (c) or (d) below shall be given effect for purposes of
this  Agreement  only to the  extent  of a  participating  interest  granted  in
accordance with this subsection (b).
<PAGE>
(c) Any  Bank  may at any  time  assign  to one or more  banks or other
institutions  (each an  Assignee ) all, or a  proportionate  part of all, of its
rights and  obligations  under this  Agreement and the Notes,  and such Assignee
shall assume such rights and obligations,  pursuant to an instrument executed by
such Assignee and such transferor  Bank, with notice to the Borrower and subject
to the subscribed  consent of the Agent;  provided that if an Assignee is a Bank
or an affiliate of such transferor Bank, no such consent shall be required;  and
provided further that any assignment  shall not be less than  $5,000,000,  or if
less,  shall  constitute  an  assignment  of  all  of  such  Bank's  rights  and
obligations  under this Agreement and the Notes.  Upon execution and delivery of
such an instrument  and payment by such Assignee to such  transferor  Bank of an
amount equal to the purchase price agreed between such  transferor Bank and such
Assignee,  such Assignee  shall be a Bank party to this Agreement and shall have
all the rights and  obligations of a Bank with a  Commitment(s)  as set forth in
such  instrument of assumption,  and the transferor  Bank shall be released from
its obligations  hereunder to a corresponding  extent, and no further consent or
action by any party shall be required.  Upon the  consummation of any assignment
pursuant to this subsection (c), the transferor Bank, the Agent and the Borrower
shall make appropriate  arrangements so that, if required,  a new Note is issued
to the  Assignee.  If the  Assignee  is not  incorporated  under the laws of the
United States of America or a state thereof,  it shall,  prior to the first date
on which interest or fees are payable hereunder for its account,  deliver to the
Borrower  and  the  Agent  certification  as  to  exemption  from  deduction  or
withholding of any United States federal income taxes in accordance with Section
8.04.

(d) Any Bank may at any time  assign  all or any  portion of its rights
under this Agreement and its Note to a Federal  Reserve Bank. No such assignment
shall release the transferor Bank from its obligations hereunder.

(e) No Assignee,  Participant or other  transferee of any Bank's rights
shall be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 8.03 or 8.04 than
such Bank  would  have been  entitled  to  receive  with  respect  to the rights
transferred,  unless such  transfer is made with the  Borrower's  prior  written
consent or by reason of the  provisions of Section 8.02,  8.03 or 8.04 requiring
such Bank to  designate a different  Applicable  Lending  Office  under  certain
circumstances  or at a time when the  circumstances  giving rise to such greater
payment did not exist.

9.7CollateralEach  of the  Banks  represents  to the Agent and each of the other
Banks that it in good faith is not relying  upon any margin stock (as defined in
Regulation  U) as  collateral  in the  extension  or  maintenance  of the credit
provided  for in this  Agreement.  9.8New York LawThis  Agreement  and each Note
shall be  construed in  accordance  with and governed by the law of the State of
New York. 9.9Counterparts; IntegrationThis Agreement may be signed in any number
of counterparts,  each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if
the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.  This Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement and understanding  among the parties hereto and
supersedes  any and all prior  agreements and  understandings,  oral or written,
relating to the subject matter hereof.

IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto have caused this  Agreement to be duly
executed by their  respective  authorized  officers as of the day and year first
above written.




JOHN WILEY & SONS, INC.


By: /s/ Robert D. Wilder
Title:   Executive Vice President & CFO
605 Third Avenue
New York, New York  10058-0012
Facsimile number:  (212) 850-6088

<PAGE>

Commitments

Term Loan Commitment               MORGAN GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK
$17,857,130                         COMPANY OF NEW YORK

Revolving Credit Commitment
$7,142,870                   By:   /s/ George J. Stapleton
Title: Vice President

Term Loan Commitment                  THE ASAHI BANK, LTD.
$12,857,144

Revolving Credit Commitment      By:  /s/ Shinichi Furukawa
$5,142,856                          Title: Senior Deputy Genereal Manager

Term Loan Commitment                   THE BANK OF NEW YORK
$12,857,144

Revolving Credit Commitment      By:  /s/ Wade E. Layton
$5,142,856                          Title:   Vice President

Term Loan Commitment                   BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI TRUST COMPANY
$12,857,144

Revolving Credit Commitment
$5,142,856                      By:  /s/ Paula Mueller
Title:   Vice President

Term Loan Commitment                   CORESTATES BANK, N.A.
$15,714,288

Revolving Credit Commitment      By:      /s/ Melissa G. Landay
$6,285,712                             Title:   Vice President

Term Loan Commitment                   THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK
$15,714,288

Revolving Credit Commitment     By:      /s/ Lisa M. Richardson
$6,285,712                             Title: Vice President

Term Loan Commitment                   FLEET BANK, N.A.
$15,714,288

Revolving Credit Commitment      By:      /s/ John M. Tuohy
$6,285,712                             Title:   Vice President

Term Loan Commitment                   LLOYDS BANK PLC
$8,571,430

Revolving Credit Commitment      By:      /s/ Stephen J. Attree
$3,428,570                             Title: Assistant Vice President

By:     /s/ Theodore R. Walse
Title: Senior Vice President

Term Loan Commitment                   WACHOVIA BANK OF GEORGIA, N.A.
$12,857,144

Revolving Credit Commitment      By:    /s/ James McCreary
$5,142,856                             Title:   Senior Vice President



=================
Total Term Loan Commitments
$125,000,000

=================

Total Revolving Credit Commitments
$50,000,000

=================
Total Commitments
$175,000,000

<PAGE>
MORGAN GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK, as Agent


By:      /s/ George J. Stapleton
Title:   Vice President
60 Wall Street
New York, New York  10260-0060
Attention:  Vance B. Barbour
Facsimile number: (212) 648-5017


EXHIBIT A

NOTE

New York, New York
November 15, 1996

<PAGE>
For  value  received,  JOHN  WILEY & SONS,  INC.,  a New York  corporation  (the
Borrower ), promises to pay to the order of ______________  (the Bank ), for the
account of its Applicable  Lending Office,  the unpaid  principal amount of each
Loan made by the Bank to the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement  referred
to below on the dates and in the amounts specified in the Credit Agreement.  The
Borrower  promises to pay interest on the unpaid  principal  amount of each such
Loan on the dates and at the rate or rates provided for in the Credit Agreement.
All such payments of principal and interest shall be made in lawful money of the
United States in Federal or other  immediately  available funds at the office of
Morgan  Guaranty Trust Company of New York, 60 Wall Street,  New York, New York.
All Loans made by the Bank,  the  respective  Types and Classes  thereof and all
repayments of the principal  thereof shall be recorded by the Bank and, prior to
any transfer hereof, appropriate notations to evidence the foregoing information
with respect to each such Loan then outstanding shall be endorsed by the Bank on
the schedule  attached hereto, or on a continuation of such schedule attached to
and made a part hereof;  provided  that the failure of the Bank to make any such
recordation  or  endorsement  shall not affect the  obligations  of the Borrower
hereunder or under the Credit Agreement.  This note is one of the Notes referred
to in the Credit Agreement dated as of November 15, 1996 among the Borrower, the
banks from time to time parties thereto and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New
York,  as Agent  (as the same  may be  amended  from  time to time,  the  Credit
Agreement ). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein with the same
meanings.  Reference  is made to the Credit  Agreement  for  provisions  for the
prepayment hereof and the acceleration of the maturity hereof.


JOHN WILEY & SONS, INC.


By:_______________________
Name:
Title:
<PAGE>
Note (cont'd)


LOANS AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL


Amount
Amount    Class   Type    of Principal
Date  of Loan  of Loan  of Loan     Repaid      Notation  Made By









<PAGE>
EXHIBIT B



OPINION OF
COUNSEL FOR THE BORROWER


November 15, 1996



To the Banks and the Agent
Referred to Below
c/o Morgan Guaranty Trust Company
of New York, as Agent
60 Wall Street
New York, New York  10260-0060

Dear Sirs:
I am counsel for John Wiley & Sons, Inc., a New York corporation (the Borrower
) and have  acted as  counsel  to the  Borrower  in  connection  with the Credit
Agreement (the Agreement ) dated as of November 15, 1996 among the Borrower, the
banks from time to time parties thereto and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New
York,  as Agent.  Terms  defined  in the  Agreement  are used  herein as therein
defined.
I have examined originals or copies,  certified or otherwise  identified to my
satisfaction,  of such  documents,  corporate  records,  certificates  of public
officials and other instruments and have conducted such other  investigations of
fact and law as I have  deemed  necessary  or  advisable  for  purposes  of this
opinion. Upon the basis of the foregoing, I am of the opinion that:
1. The Borrower is a corporation  duly  incorporated,  validly  existing and in
good  standing  under the laws of the State of New York,  and has all  corporate
powers and all  material  governmental  licenses,  authorizations,  consents and
approvals required to carry on its business as now conducted.
2. The  execution,delivery and performance by the Borrower of the Agreement and
each Note are within the Borrower's  corporate power,  have been duly authorized
by all  necessary  corporate  action,  require no action by or in respect of, or
filing with, any governmental body, agency or official and do not contravene, or
constitute a default under,  any provision of applicable law or regulation or of
the Restated  Certificate of  Incorporation or by-laws of the Borrower or of any
agreement,  judgment, injunction, order, decree or other instrument binding upon
the Borrower or any  Subsidiary  or result in the creation or  imposition of any
Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.
3. The Agreement
constitutes  a valid  and  binding  agreement  of the  Borrower  and  each  Note
constitutes  a valid  and  binding  obligation  of the  Borrower,  in each  case
enforceable in accordance  with its terms,  except as the same may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and
by general principles of equity.
4.  There is no action,  suit or  proceeding
pending against, or to the best of my knowledge  threatened against or affecting
the Borrower or any of its  Subsidiaries  before any court or  arbitrator or any
governmental  body,  agency  or  official,   in  which  there  is  a  reasonable
possibility of an adverse decision which could  materially  adversely affect the
business,  consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations
of the Borrower and its  Consolidated  Subsidiaries or which in any manner draws
into question the validity or enforceability of the Agreement or each Note.
5. I
have no reason to  believe  that each of the  Borrower's  Subsidiaries  is not a
corporation duly  incorporated,  validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of its  jurisdiction  of  incorporation,  or that  each  does  not have all
corporate  powers  and  all  material  governmental  licenses,   authorizations,
consents and approvals required to carry on its business as now conducted.

Very truly yours,

EXHIBIT C
<PAGE>

OPINION OF
DAVIS POLK & WARDWELL, SPECIAL COUNSEL
FOR THE AGENT




November 15 , 1996



To the Banks and the Agent
Referred to Below
c/o Morgan Guaranty Trust Company
of New York, as Agent
60 Wall Street
New York, New York 10260-0060

Dear Sirs:

We have  participated in the preparation of the  $175,000,000  Credit  Agreement
(the Credit  Agreement ) dated as of November  15, 1996 among John Wiley & Sons,
Inc.,  a New York  corporation  (the  Borrower  ), the  Banks  from time to time
parties  thereto and Morgan  Guaranty  Trust Company of New York, as Agent,  and
have acted as special  counsel for the Agent for the purpose of  rendering  this
opinion  pursuant to Section 3.01(d) of the Credit  Agreement.  Terms defined in
the Credit Agreement are used herein as therein defined.

We have examined originals or copies,  certified or otherwise  identified to our
satisfaction,  of such  documents,  corporate  records,  certificates  of public
officials and other instruments and have conducted such other  investigations of
fact and law as we have  deemed  necessary  or  advisable  for  purposes of this
opinion.

Upon the basis of the foregoing, we are of the opinion that:

1. The  execution,  delivery  and  performance  by the  Borrower  of the  Credit
Agreement and the Notes are within the Borrower's corporate powers and have been
duly  authorized  by all necessary  corporate  action.  2. The Credit  Agreement
constitutes  a valid  and  binding  agreement  of the  Borrower  and  each  Note
constitutes  a valid  and  binding  obligation  of the  Borrower,  in each  case
enforceable  in  accordance  with its terms except as the same may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and
by general principles of equity.
We are members of the Bar of the State of New
York and the  foregoing  opinion is limited to the laws of the State of New York
and the federal laws of the United  States of America.  In giving the  foregoing
opinion,  we  express  no  opinion  as to the  effect (if any) of any law of any
jurisdiction  (except the State of New York) in which any Bank is located  which
limits the rate of interest that such Bank may charge or collect.
This opinion is rendered solely to you in connection with the above matter.
This opinion may not be relied upon by you for any other  purpose or relied upon
by any other person without our prior written consent.
Very truly yours,


