










EXHIBIT 4d.


CREDIT AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT is entered into as of October 19, 2000, by and among
Winnebago Industries, Inc., an lowa Corporation ("Borrower"), Winnebago
Acceptance Corporation, an lowa Corporation, Winnebago International
Corporation, a Virgin Islands corporation, Winnebago Health Care Management
Company, an lowa corporation, and Winnebago RV, Incorporated, a Delaware
corporation (each a "Guarantor" and, together, the "Guarantors") and WELLS FARGO
BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("Bank").


RECITALS

Borrower has requested that Bank extend or continue credit to Borrower
as described below, Guarantors are willing to guarantee payment of such credit,
and Bank has agreed to provide such credit to Borrower on the terms and
conditions contained herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:


ARTICLE I
CREDIT TERMS

SECTION 1.A. LINE OF CREDIT.

(a) Line of Credit. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Bank hereby agrees to make advances to Borrower from time to time up
to and including January 31, 2002 (the "Line of Credit Termination Date"), not
to exceed at any time the aggregate principal amount of Twenty Million Dollars
($20,000,000.00) ("Line of Credit"), the proceeds of which shall be used for
ordinary and necessary business purposes. Borrower's obligation to repay
advances under the Line of Credit shall be evidenced by a promissory note
substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto ("Line of Credit Note"),
all terms of which are incorporated herein by this reference.

(b) Letter of Credit Subfeature. As a subfeature under the Line of
Credit, Bank agrees from time to time during the term thereof to issue letters
of credit for the account of Borrower (each, a "Letter of Credit" and
collectively, "Letters of Credit"); provided however, that the form and
substance of each Letter of Credit shall be subject to approval by Bank, in its
sole discretion. Each Letter of Credit shall be issued for a term designated by
Borrower; provided however, that no Letter of Credit shall have an expiration
date subsequent to the maturity date of the Line of Credit. The undrawn amount
of all Letters of Credit shall be reserved under the Line of Credit and shall
not be available for borrowings thereunder. Each Letter of Credit shall be
subject to the additional terms and conditions of the Letter of Credit Agreement
and related documents, if any, required by Bank in connection with the issuance
thereof (each, a "Letter of Credit Agreement" and collectively, "Letter of
Credit Agreements"). Each draft paid by Bank under a Letter of Credit shall be
deemed an advance under the Line of Credit and shall be repaid by Borrower in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement applicable to such
advances; provided however, that if advances under the Line of Credit are not
available, for any reason, at the time any draft is paid by Bank, then Borrower
shall immediately pay to Bank the full amount of such draft, together with
interest thereon from the date such amount is paid by Bank to the date such
amount is fully repaid by Borrower, at the rate of interest applicable to
advances under the Line of Credit. In such event Borrower agrees that Bank, in
its sole discretion, may debit any account maintained by Borrower with Bank for
the amount of any such draft.


<PAGE>


(c) Borrowing and Repayment. Borrower may from time to time during the
term of the Line of Credit borrow, partially or wholly repay its outstanding
borrowings, and reborrow, subject to all of the limitations, terms and
conditions contained herein or in the Line of Credit Note; provided however,
that the total outstanding borrowings under the Line of Credit shall not at any
time exceed the maximum principal amount available thereunder, as set forth
above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower shall maintain a zero balance on
advances under the Line of Credit for a period of at least thirty (30)
consecutive days during each fiscal year.

SECTION 1.B. INTEREST/FEES.

(a) Interest. The outstanding principal balance of the Line of Credit
shall bear interest, and the amount of each draft paid by Bank under any Letter
of Credit shall bear interest from the date such draft is paid by Bank to the
date such amount is fully repaid by Borrower, at the rate of interest set forth
in the promissory note or other instrument executed in connection therewith.

(b) Computation and Payment. Interest shall be computed on the basis of
a 360-day year, actual days elapsed. Interest shall be payable at the times and
place set forth in each promissory note or other instrument required hereby.

(c) Unused Commitment Fee. Borrower shall pay to Bank a fee equal to
one-tenth percent (.10%) per annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day year,
actual days elapsed) on the average daily unused amount of the Line of Credit,
which fee shall be calculated on a quarterly basis by Bank and shall be due and
payable by Borrower in arrears within ten (10) days after each billing is sent
by Bank. Such billings shall be sent on or about each August 31st, November
30th, February 28th or 29th, and May 31st.

(d) Letter of Credit Fees. Borrower shall pay to Bank fees upon the
issuance of each Letter of Credit, upon the payment or negotiation by Bank of
each draft under any Letter of Credit and upon the occurrence of any other
activity with respect to any Letter of Credit (including without limitation, the
transfer, amendment or cancellation of any Letter of Credit) determined in
accordance with Bank's standard fees and charges then in effect for such
activity.

SECTION 1.C. GUARANTIES. Prompt payment of all indebtedness of Borrower
to Bank under the Line of Credit shall be unconditionally guaranteed by each
Guarantor as evidenced by and subject to the terms of a written guaranty in the
form of exhibit B attached.


ARTICLE II
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Borrower and each Guarantor makes the following representations and
warranties to Bank, which representations and warranties shall survive the
execution of this Agreement and shall continue in full force and effect until
the full and final payment, and satisfaction and discharge, of all obligations
of Borrower to Bank subject to this Agreement.

SECTION 2.1. LEGAL STATUS. The Borrower and each Guarantor is a
corporation, duly organized and existing and in good standing under the laws of
the State of its incorporation, and each is qualified or licensed to do business
(and is in good standing as a foreign corporation, if applicable) in all
jurisdictions in which such qualification or licensing is required or in which
the failure to so qualify or to be so licensed could have a material adverse
effect on the Borrower or such Guarantor.

SECTION 2.2. AUTHORIZATION AND VALIDITY. This Agreement and each
promissory note. guaranty contract, instrument and other document required
hereby or at any time hereafter delivered to Bank in connection herewith
(collectively, the "Loan Documents") have been duly authorized, and upon their
execution and delivery in accordance with the provisions hereof will constitute
legal, valid and binding agreements and obligations of Borrower


<PAGE>


or the Guarantor which executes the same, enforceable in accordance with their
respective terms.

SECTION 2.3. NO VIOLATION. The execution, delivery and performance by
Borrower and each Guarantor of each of the Loan Documents executed by it do not
violate any provision of any law or regulation, or contravene any provision of
the Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws of Borrower or such Guarantor, or
result in any breach of or default under any contract, obligation, indenture or
other instrument to which Borrower or such Guarantor is a party or by which it
may be bound.

SECTION 2.4. LITIGATION. There are no pending, or to the best of
Borrower's or any Guarantor's knowledge threatened, actions, claims,
investigations, suits or proceedings by or before any governmental authority,
arbitrator, court or administrative agency which could have a material adverse
effect on the financial condition or operation of Borrower or any Guarantor
other than those disclosed by Borrower or such Guarantor to Bank in writing
prior to the date hereof.

SECTION 2.5. CORRECTNESS OF FINANCIAL STATEMENT. The consolidated
financial statement of Borrower and the Guarantors dated August 26, 2000, a true
copy of which has been delivered by Borrower to Bank prior to the date hereof,
(a) is complete and correct and presents fairly the financial condition of
Borrower and the Guarantors, (b) discloses all liabilities of Borrower and the
Guarantors that are required to be reflected or reserved against under generally
accepted accounting principles, whether liquidated or unliquidated, fixed or
contingent, and (c) has been prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles consistently applied. Since the date of such financial
statement there has been no material adverse change in the financial condition
of Borrower or the Guarantors, nor has any such entity mortgaged, pledged,
granted a security interest in or otherwise encumbered any of its assets or
properties except in favor of Bank or as otherwise permitted by Bank in writing.

SECTION 2.6. INCOME TAX RETURNS. Neither Borrower nor any Guarantor has
any knowledge of any pending assessments or adjustments of its income tax
payable with respect to any year.

SECTION 2.7. NO SUBORDINATION. There is no agreement, indenture,
contract or instrument to which Borrower or any Guarantor is a party or by which
Borrower or any Guarantor may be bound that requires the subordination in right
of payment of any of Borrower's obligations subject to this Agreement to any
other obligation of Borrower or any Guarantor.

SECTION 2.8. PERMITS, FRANCHISES. Borrower and each Guarantor
possesses, and will hereafter possess, all permits, consents, approvals,
franchises and licenses required and rights to all trademarks. trade names,
patents, and fictitious names, if any, necessary to enable it to conduct the
business in which it is now engaged in compliance with applicable law.

SECTION 2.9. ERISA. Borrower and each Guarantor is in compliance in all
material respects with all applicable provisions of the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended or recodified from time to time
("ERISA"); has not violated any provision of any defined employee pension
benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) maintained or contributed to by it (each, a
"Plan"); no Reportable Event as defined in ERISA has occurred and is continuing
with respect to any Plan initiated by it; each has met its minimum funding
requirements under ERISA with respect to each Plan; and each Plan will be able
to fulfill its benefit obligations as they come due in accordance with the Plan
documents and under generally accepted accounting principles.

SECTION 2.10. OTHER OBLIGATIONS. Neither Borrower nor any Guarantor is
in default on any obligation for borrowed money, any purchase money obligation
or any other material lease, commitment, contract, instrument or obligation.


<PAGE>


SECTION 2.11. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS. Except as disclosed by Borrower or
a Guarantor to Bank in writing prior to the date hereof Borrower and each
Guarantor is in all material respects in compliance with all applicable federal
or state environmental, hazardous waste, health and safety statutes, and any
rules or regulations adopted pursuant thereto, which govern or affect any of its
operations and/or properties, including without limitation, the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, the Superfund
Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, the Federal Resource Conservation
and Recovery Act of 1976, and the Federal Toxic Substances Control Act, as any
of the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. None of
the operations of Borrower or any Guarantor are the subject of any federal or
state investigation evaluating whether any remedial action involving a material
expenditure is needed to respond to a release of any toxic or hazardous waste or
substance into the environment. Neither Borrower or any Guarantor has any
material contingent liability in connection with any release of any toxic or
hazardous waste or substance into the environment.


ARTICLE III
CONDITIONS

SECTION 3.1. CONDITIONS OF INITIAL EXTENSION OF CREDIT. The obligation
of Bank to extend any credit contemplated by this Agreement is subject to the
fulfillment to Bank's satisfaction of all of the following conditions:

(a) Approval of Bank Counsel. All legal matters incidental to the
extension of credit by Bank shall be satisfactory to Bank's counsel.

(b) Documentation. Bank shall have received, in form and substance
satisfactory to Bank, each of the following:

(i)     This Agreement, duly executed by Borrower and each Guarantor.
(ii)    The executed Line of Credit Note.
(iii)   The executed Guaranty of each Guarantor.
(iv)    An Attorney's opinion in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto.
(v)     The Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of Borrower and each
Guarantor.
(vi)    Appropriate corporate resolutions from Borrower and each
Guarantor authorizing the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.
(vii)   Such other documents or instruments as Bank may require under
any other Section of this Agreement.

(c) Financial Condition. There shall have been no material adverse
change, as determined by Bank, in the financial condition or business of
Borrower or any Guarantor, nor any material decline, as determined by Bank, in
the market value of any collateral required hereunder or a substantial or
material portion of the assets of Borrower or any such Guarantor.

SECTION 3.2. CONDITIONS OF EACH EXTENSION OF CREDIT. The obligation of
Bank to make each extension of credit requested by Borrower hereunder shall be
subject to the fulfillment to Bank's satisfaction of each of the following
conditions:

(a) Compliance. The representations and warranties contained herein and
in each of the other Loan Documents shall be true on and as of the date of the
signing of this Agreement and on the date of each extension of credit by Bank
pursuant hereto, with the same effect as though such representations and
warranties had been made on and as of each such date, and on each such date, no
Event of Default as defined herein, and no condition, event or act which with
the giving of notice or the passage of time or both would constitute such an
Event of Default, shall have occurred and be continuing or shall exist.


<PAGE>


(b) Documentation. Bank shall have received all additional documents
which may be required in connection with such extension of credit.


ARTICLE IV
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

Borrower and each Guarantor covenants that so long as Bank remains
committed to extend credit to Borrower pursuant hereto, or any liabilities
(whether direct or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated) of Borrower to Bank
under any of the Loan Documents remain outstanding, and until payment in full of
all obligations of Borrower subject hereto, each shall, unless Bank otherwise
consents in writing:

SECTION 4.1. PUNCTUAL PAYMENTS. Punctually pay, or cause to be paid,
all principal, interest, fees or other liabilities due under any of the Loan
Documents at the times and place and in the manner specified therein, and
immediately upon demand by Bank, the amount by which the outstanding principal
balance of any credit subject hereto at any time exceeds any limitation on
borrowings applicable thereto.

SECTION 4.2. ACCOUNTING RECORDS. Maintain adequate books and records in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied,
and permit any representative of Bank, at any reasonable time, to inspect, audit
and examine such books and records, to make copies of the same, and to inspect
their properties.

SECTION 4.3. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Provide to Bank all of the
following, in form and detail satisfactory to Bank:

(a) not later than 120 days after and as of the end of each fiscal
year, a consolidated financial statement of Borrower, prepared by independent
certified public accountants acceptable to Bank, accompanied by their
unqualified opinion, to include a balance sheet, and statements of income,
retained earnings and cashflow;

(b) not later than 30 days after and as of the end of each month, a
consolidated financial statement of Borrower and the Guarantors, prepared by
Borrower, to include a balance sheet and a statement of income;

(c) contemporaneously with each annual financial statement required
hereby, a certificate of the president or chief financial officer of Borrower
stating that said financial statements are accurate and that there exists no
Event of Default nor any condition, act or event which with the giving of notice
or the passage of time or both would constitute an Event of Default;

(d) contemporaneously with each annual financial statement required
hereby, a consolidated budget for Borrower and the Guarantors, in form and
substance satisfactory to Bank, for the then current fiscal year.

(e) from time to time such other information as Bank may reasonably
request.

SECTION 4.4. COMPLIANCE. Preserve and maintain all licenses, permits,
governmental approvals, rights, privileges and franchises necessary for the
conduct of its business; and comply with the provisions of all documents
pursuant to which it is organized and/or which govern its continued existence
and with the requirements of all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any
governmental authority applicable to it and/or its business.

SECTION 4.5. INSURANCE. Maintain and keep in force insurance of the
types and in amounts customarily carried in lines of business similar to that of
Borrower and such Guarantor,


<PAGE>


including but not limited to fire, extended coverage, public liability, flood,
property damage and workers' compensation, with all such insurance carried with
companies and in amounts satisfactory to Bank, and deliver to Bank from time to
time at Bank's request schedules setting forth all insurance then in effect.

SECTION 4.6. FACILITIES. Keep all properties useful or necessary to its
business in good repair and condition, and from time to time make necessary
repairs, renewals and replacements thereto so that such properties shall be
fully and efficiently preserved and maintained.

SECTION 4.7. TAXES AND OTHER LIABILITIES. Pay and discharge when due
any and all indebtedness, obligations, assessments and taxes, both real or
personal, including without limitation federal and state income taxes and state
and local property taxes and assessments, except such (a) as it may in good
faith contest or as to which a bona fide dispute may arise, and (b) for which it
has made provision, to Bank's satisfaction, for eventual payment thereof in the
event it is obligated to make such payment.

SECTION 4.8. LITIGATION. Promptly give notice in writing to Bank of any
litigation pending or threatened against it with a claim in excess of
$1,000,000.00.

SECTION 4.9. FINANCIAL CONDITION. Maintain Borrower's financial
condition on a consolidated basis with the Guarantors as follows using generally
accepted accounting principles consistently applied and used consistently with
prior practices (except to the extent modified by the definitions herein), with
compliance determined quarterly commencing with Borrower's consolidated
financial statements for the period ending August 26, 2000:

(a) Maintain Tangible Net Worth as of the end of each fiscal quarter of
not less than $150,000.00 plus 50% of the increase is Tangible Net Worth after
payment of dividends occurring in each fiscal quarter (commencing with the
fiscal quarter ending in November 2000) over the immediately prior fiscal
quarter with any fiscal quarter in which there is a decrease in Tangible Net
Worth after payment of dividends being treated as zero gain. Solely for the
purpose of this subsection 4.9(a) minimum Tangible Net Worth requirement,
"Tangible Net Worth" is defined as the aggregate of total stockholders' equity
plus subordinated debt less any intangible assets (except that the acquisition
price of all shares of the Borrower which have been acquired by the Borrower and
are being carried on the books of the Borrower as "Treasury Shares" may be
included in shareholders' equity and not as a redemption thereof).

(b) Total Liabilities divided by Tangible Net Worth not at any time
greater than 1.25 to 1.0, with "Total Liabilities" defined as the aggregate of
current liabilities and noncurrent liabilities less subordinated debt, and with
"Tangible Net Worth" defined as the aggregate of total stockholders' equity plus
subordinated debt less any intangible assets.

(c) Current Ratio at all times of not less than 2.0 to 1.0 with
"Current Ratio" defined as total current assets divided by total current
liabilities.

SECTION 4.10. NOTICE TO BANK. Promptly (but in no event more than five
(5) days after the occurrence of each such event or matter) give written notice
to Bank in reasonable detail of: (a) the occurrence of any Event of Default, or
any condition, event or act which with the giving of notice or the passage of
time or both would constitute an Event of Default; (b) any change in its name or
the organizational structure; (c) the occurrence and nature of any Reportable
Event or Prohibited Transaction, each as defined in ERISA, or any funding
deficiency with respect to any Plan; or (d) any termination or cancellation of
any insurance policy which Borrower is required to maintain, or any uninsured or
partially uninsured loss through liability or property damage, or through fire,
theft or any other cause affecting Borrower's property in excess of an aggregate
of $1,000,000.00.


<PAGE>


SECTION 4.11. PRIMARY DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS. Maintain its primary depositary
accounts, including its primary checking account, with Bank.


ARTICLE V
NEGATIVE COVENANTS

Borrower and each Guarantor further covenants that so long as Bank
remains committed to extend credit to Borrower pursuant hereto, or any
liabilities (whether direct or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated) of
Borrower to Bank under any of the Loan Documents remain outstanding, and until
payment in full of all obligations of Borrower subject hereto, each will not
without Bank's prior written consent:

SECTION 5.1. USE OF FUNDS. Use any of the proceeds of any credit
extended hereunder except for the purposes stated in Article I hereof.

SECTION 5.2. MERGER, CONSOLIDATION, TRANSFER OFASSETS. Merge into or
consolidate with any other entity; make any substantial change in the nature of
it's business as conducted as of the date hereof; acquire all or substantially
all of the assets of any other entity; nor sell, lease, transfer or otherwise
dispose of all or a substantial or material portion of it's assets except in the
ordinary course of its business.

SECTION 5.3. GUARANTIES. Guarantee or become liable in any way as
surety, endorser (other than as endorser of negotiable instruments for deposit
or collection in the ordinary course of business), accommodation endorser or
otherwise for, nor pledge or hypothecate any of it's assets as security for, any
liabilities or obligations of any other person or entity, unless the Borrower or
a Guarantor, except any of the foregoing in favor of Bank.

SECTION 5.4. LOANS, ADVANCES, INVESTMENTS. Make any loans or advances
to or investments in any person or entity, except any of the foregoing existing
as of, and disclosed to Bank prior to, the date hereof, except for loans or
advances between Borrower and one or more Guarantors or between Guarantors.

SECTION 5.5. PLEDGE OF ASSETS. Mortgage, pledge, grant or permit to
exist a security interest in, or lien upon, all or any portion of its assets now
owned or hereafter acquired, except any of the foregoing (i) which are in favor
of Bank; (ii) which are existing as of, and disclosed to Bank in writing prior
to, the date hereof; (iii) which are purchase money security interests; or (iv)
which are precautionary notice filings given in connection with inventory
including, without limitation, vehicle chassis held by Borrower on consignment
from the manufacturer thereof.


ARTICLE VI
EVENTS OF DEFAULT

SECTION 6.1. The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an
"Event of Default" under this Agreement:

(a) Borrower shall fail to pay when due any principal, interest, fees
or other amounts payable under any of the Loan Documents.

(b) Any financial statement or certificate furnished to Bank in
connection with, or any representation or warranty made by Borrower or any
Guarantor under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall prove to be
incorrect, false or misleading in any material respect when furnished or made.


<PAGE>


(c) Any default in the performance of or compliance with any
obligation, agreement or other provision contained herein or in any other Loan
Document (other than those referred to in subsections (a) and (b) above), and
with respect to any such default which by its nature can be cured, such default
shall continue for a period of twenty (20) days from its occurrence.

(d) Any default in the payment or performance of any obligation, or any
defined event of default, under the terms of any contract or instrument (other
than any of the Loan Documents) pursuant to which Borrower or any Guarantor has
incurred any debt or other liability to any person or entity, including Bank.

(e) The entry of a judgment against Borrower or any Guarantor in excess
of $1,000,000.00 execution or which has not been effectively stayed.

(f) Borrower or the Guarantor shall become insolvent, or shall suffer
or consent to or apply for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or
liquidator of itself or any of its property, or shall generally fail to pay its
debts as they become due, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of
creditors; Borrower or the Guarantor shall file a voluntary petition in
bankruptcy, or seeking reorganization, in order to effect a plan or other
arrangement with creditors or any other relief under the Bankruptcy Reform Act,
Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended or recodified from time to time
("Bankruptcy Code"), or under any state or federal law granting relief to
debtors, whether now or hereafter in effect; or any involuntary petition or
proceeding pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable state or
federal law relating to bankruptcy, reorganization or other relief for debtors
is filed or commenced against Borrower or the Guarantor, or Borrower or the
Guarantor shall file an answer admitting the jurisdiction of the court and the
material allegations of any involuntary petition; or Borrower [or any such
guarantor] [or any such general partner] shall be adjudicated a bankrupt, or an
order for relief shall be entered against Borrower [or the Guarantor] by any
court of competent jurisdiction under the Bankruptcy Code or any other
applicable state or federal law relating to bankruptcy, reorganization or other
relief for debtors.

(g) There shall exist or occur any event or condition which Bank in
good faith believes impairs. or is substantially likely to impair, the prospect
of payment or performance by Borrower or any Guarantor of its obligations under
any of the Loan Documents.

(h) The dissolution or liquidation of Borrower or any Guarantor or if
the Borrower or any Guarantor takes action seeking to effect the dissolution or
liquidation.

SECTION 6.2. REMEDIES. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default: (a)
all indebtedness of Borrower under each of the Loan Documents, any term thereof
to the contrary notwithstanding, shall at Bank's option and without notice
become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or
notice of dishonor, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Borrower;
(b) the obligation, if any, of Bank to extend any further credit under any of
the Loan Documents shall immediately cease and terminate; and (c) Bank shall
have all rights, powers and remedies available under each of the Loan Documents,
or accorded by law, including without limitation the right to resort to any or
all security for any credit subject hereto and to exercise any or all of the
rights of a beneficiary or secured party pursuant to applicable law. All rights,
powers and remedies of Bank may be exercised at any time by Bank and from time
to time after the occurrence of an Event of Default, are cumulative and not
exclusive, and shall be in addition to any other rights, powers or remedies
provided by law or equity.


ARTICLE VII
MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 7.1. NO WAIVER. No delay, failure or discontinuance of Bank in
exercising any right, power or remedy under any of the Loan Documents shall
affect or operate as a waiver


<PAGE>


of such right, power or remedy; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any
such right, power or remedy preclude, waive or otherwise affect any other or
further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy.
Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind by Bank of any breach of or
default under any of the Loan Documents must be in writing and shall be
effective only to the extent set forth in such writing.

SECTION 7.2. NOTICES. All notices, requests and demands which any party
is required or may desire to give to any other party under any provision of this
Agreement must be in writing delivered to each party at the following address:


BORROWER:                 Winnebago Industries, Inc.
P.O. Box 152
605 Crystal Lake Road
Forest City, IA 53436

GUARANTOR:                Winnebago Acceptance Corporation
P.O. Box 152
605 Crystal Lake Rd.
Forest City, IA 53436

GUARANTOR:                Winnebago International Corporation
P.O. Box 152
605 Crystal Lake Rd.
Forest City, IA 53436

GUARANTOR:                Winnebago Health Care Management Company
P.O. Box 152
605 Crystal Lake Rd.
Forest City, IA 53436

GUARANTOR:                Winnebago RV, Incorporated
P.O. Box 152
605 Crystal Lake Rd.
Forest City. IA 53436

BANK:                     WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
666 Walnut Street
Des Moines, IA 50309
Attn: Command Loan Department

or to such other address as any party may designate by written notice to all
other parties. Each such notice, request and demand shall be deemed given or
made as follows: (a) if sent by hand delivery, upon delivery; (b) if sent by
mail, upon the earlier of the date of receipt or three (3) days after deposit in
the U.S. mail, first class and postage prepaid; and (c) if sent by facsimile,
upon receipt.

SECTION 7.3. COSTS, EXPENSES AND ATTORNEYS' FEES. Borrower shall pay to
Bank immediately upon demand the full amount of all payments, advances, charges,
costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees (to include outside
counsel fees and all allocated costs of Bank's in-house counsel), expended or
incurred by Bank in connection with (a) the negotiation and preparation of this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, Bank's continued administration hereof
and thereof, and the preparation of any amendments and waivers hereto and
thereto, (b) the enforcement of Bank's rights and/or the collection of any
amounts which become due to Bank under any of the Loan Documents, and (c) the
prosecution or defense of any action in any way related to any of the Loan
Documents, including without limitation, any


<PAGE>


action for declaratory relief, whether incurred at the trial or appellate level,
in an arbitration proceeding or otherwise, and including any of the foregoing
incurred in connection with any bankruptcy proceeding (including without
limitation, any adversary proceeding, contested matter or motion brought by Bank
or any other person) relating to any Borrower or any other person or entity.

SECTION 7.4. SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, administrators, legal
representatives, successors and assigns of the parties; provided however, that
neither Borrower nor any Guarantor may not assign or transfer its interest
hereunder without Bank's prior written consent. Bank reserves the right to sell,
assign, transfer, negotiate or grant participations in all or any part of, or
any interest in, Bank's rights and benefits under each of the Loan Documents. In
connection therewith, Bank may disclose all documents and information which Bank
now has or may hereafter acquire relating to any credit subject hereto,
Borrower, Guarantor, or their businesses, or any collateral required hereunder.

SECTION 7.5. NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement is made and
entered into for the sole protection and benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective permitted successors and assigns, and no other person or entity shall
be a third party beneficiary of, or have any direct or indirect cause of action
or claim in connection with, this Agreement or any other of the Loan Documents
to which it is not a party.

SECTION 7.6. TIME. Time is of the essence of each and every provision
of this Agreement and each other of the Loan Documents.

SECTION 7.7. SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS. If any provision of this
Agreement shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision
shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity
without invalidating the remainder of such provision or any remaining provisions
of this Agreement.

SECTION 7.8. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number
of counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be deemed to be
an original, and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the
same Agreement.

SECTION 7.9. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of lowa.

SECTION 7.10. ACKNOWLEDGMENT. Borrower and each Guarantor acknowledges
receipt of executed copies of this Agreement and each additional Loan Document.


<PAGE>


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed as of the day and year first written above.

IMPORTANT: READ BEFORE SIGNING. THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT SHOULD BE READ
CAREFULLY BECAUSE ONLY THOSE TERMS IN WRITING ARE ENFORCEABLE. NO OTHER TERMS OR
ORAL PROMISES NOT CONTAINED IN THIS WRITTEN CONTRACT MAY BE LEGALLY ENFORCED.
YOU MAY CHANGE THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT ONLY BY ANOTHER WRITTEN AGREEMENT.

Winnebago Industries, Inc.

By:     /s/ Edwin F. Barker
Edwin F. Barker, Vice President, CFO

Winnebago Acceptance Corporation

By:     /s/ Edwin F. Barker
Edwin F. Barker, Vice President, CFO

Winnebago International Corporation

By:     /s/ Edwin F. Barker
Edwin F. Barker, Vice President, CFO

Winnebago Health Care Management Company

By:     /s/ Edwin F. Barker
Edwin F. Barker, Vice President, CFO

Winnebago RV, Incorporated

By:     /s/Edwin F. Barker
Edwin F. Barker, Vice President, CFO

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By:
Michael Wilson, Vice President


<PAGE>


REVOLVING LINE OF CREDIT


$20,000,000.00                                           Des Moines, lowa
October 19, 2000

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned Winnebago Industries, Inc.
("Borrower") promises to pay to the order of WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION ("Bank") at its office at 666 Walnut Street, Des Moines, lowa 50309,
or at such other place as the holder hereof may designate, in lawful money of
the United States of America and in immediately available funds, the principal
sum Twenty Million Dollars ($20,000,000.00), or so much thereof as may be
advanced and be outstanding, with interest thereon, to be computed on each
advance from the date of its disbursement as set forth herein.

DEFINITIONS:

As used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth
after each, and any other term defined in this Note shall have the meaning set
forth at the place defined:

(a) "Business Day" means any day except a Saturday, Sunday or any other
day on which commercial banks in lowa are authorized or required by law to
close.

(b) "Fixed Rate Term" means a period commencing on a Business Day and
continuing for 30 days as designated by Borrower, during which all or a portion
of the outstanding principal balance of this Note bears interest determined in
relation to LIBOR; provided however, that no Fixed Rate Term may be selected for
a principal amount less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00); and provided
further, that no Fixed Rate Term shall extend beyond the scheduled maturity date
hereof. If any Fixed Rate Term would end on a day which is not a Business Day,
then such Fixed Rate Term shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day.

(c) "LIBOR" means the rate per annum (rounded upward, if necessary, to
the nearest whole 1/8 of 1 %) and determined pursuant to the following formula:

LIBOR =               Base LIBOR
100% - LIBOR Reserve
Percentage

(i) "Base LIBOR" means the rate per annum for United States
dollar deposits quoted by Bank as the Inter-Bank Market
Offered Rate, with the understanding that such rate is quoted
by Bank for the purpose of calculating effective rates of
interest for loans making reference thereto, on the first day
of a Fixed Rate Term for delivery of funds on said date for a
period of time approximately equal to the number of days in
such Fixed Rate Term and in an amount approximately equal to
the principal amount to which such Fixed Rate Term applies.
Borrower understands and agrees that Bank may base its
quotation of the Inter-Bank Market Offered Rate upon such
offers or other market indicators of the Inter-Bank Market as
Bank in its discretion deems appropriate including, but not
limited to, the rate offered for U.S. dollar deposits on the
London Inter-Bank Market.

(ii) "LIBOR Reserve Percentage" means the reserve percentage
prescribed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System (or any successor) for "Eurocurrency Liabilities" (as
defined in Regulation D of the Federal Reserve Board, as
amended), adjusted by Bank for expected changes in such
reserve percentage during the applicable Fixed Rate Term.


<PAGE>


(d) "Prime Rate" means at any time the rate of interest most recently
announced within Bank at its principal office as its Prime Rate, with the
understanding that the Prime Rate is one of Bank's base rates and serves as the
basis upon which effective rates of interest are calculated for those loans
making reference thereto, and is evidenced by the recording thereof after its
announcement in such internal publication or publications as Bank may designate.

INTEREST:

(a) Interest. The outstanding principal balance of this Note shall bear
interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed) either
(i) at a fluctuating rate per annum one percent (01 %) below the Prime Rate in
effect from time to time, or (ii) at a fixed rate per annum determined by Bank
to be one percent (01 %) above LIBOR in effect on the first day of the
applicable Fixed Rate Term. When interest is determined in relation to the Prime
Rate, each change in the rate of interest hereunder shall become effective on
the date each Prime Rate change is announced within Bank. With respect to each
LIBOR selection hereunder, Bank is hereby authorized to note the date, principal
amount, interest rate and Fixed Rate Term applicable thereto and any payments
made thereon on Bank's books and records (either manually or by electronic
entry) and/or on any schedule attached to this Note, which notations shall be
prima facie evidence of the accuracy of the information noted.

(b) Selection of Interest Rate Options. At any time any portion of this
Note bears interest determined in relation to LIBOR, it may be continued by
Borrower at the end of the Fixed Rate Term applicable thereto so that all or a
portion thereof bears interest determined in relation to the Prime Rate or to
LIBOR for a new Fixed Rate Term designated by Borrower. At any time any portion
of this Note bears interest determined in relation to the Prime Rate, Borrower
may convert all or a portion thereof so that it bears interest determined in
relation to LIBOR for a Fixed Rate Term designated by Borrower. At such time as
Borrower requests an advance hereunder or wishes to select a LIBOR option for
all or a portion of the outstanding principal balance hereof, and at the end of
each Fixed Rate Term, Borrower shall give Bank notice specifying: (i) the
interest rate option selected by Borrower; (ii) the principal amount subject
thereto; and (iii) for each LIBOR selection, the length of the applicable Fixed
Rate Term. Any such notice may be given by telephone (or such other electronic
method as Bank may permit) so long as, with respect to each LIBOR selection, (A)
if requested by Bank, Borrower provides to Bank written confirmation thereof not
later than three (3) Business Days after such notice is given, and (B) such
notice is given to Bank prior to 10:00 a.m. on the first day of the Fixed Rate
Term, or at a later time during any Business Day if Bank, at it's sole option
but without obligation to do so, accepts Borrower's notice and quotes a fixed
rate to Borrower. If Borrower does not immediately accept a fixed rate when
quoted by Bank, the quoted rate shall expire and any subsequent LIBOR request
from Borrower shall be subject to a redetermination by Bank of the applicable
fixed rate. If no specific designation of interest is made at the time any
advance is requested hereunder or at the end of any Fixed Rate Term, Borrower
shall be deemed to have made a Prime Rate interest selection for such advance or
the principal amount to which such Fixed Rate Term applied.

(c) Taxes and Regulatory Costs. Borrower shall pay to Bank immediately
upon demand, in addition to any other amounts due or to become due hereunder,
any and all (i) withholdings, interest equalization taxes, stamp taxes or other
taxes (except income and franchise taxes) imposed by any domestic or foreign
governmental authority and related in any manner to LIBOR, and (ii) future,
supplemental, emergency or other changes in the LIBOR Reserve Percentage,
assessment rates imposed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or
similar requirements or costs imposed by any domestic or foreign governmental
authority or resulting from compliance by Bank with any request or directive
(whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or other
governmental authority and related in any manner to LIBOR to the extent they are
not included in the calculation of LIBOR. In determining which of the foregoing
are attributable to any LIBOR option available to Borrower hereunder, any
reasonable allocation made by Bank among its operations shall be conclusive and
binding upon Borrower.


<PAGE>


(d) Payment of Interest. Interest accrued on this Note for each
outstanding advance which is not for a Fixed Rate Term shall be payable on the
First day of each month, commencing November 1, 2000. Interest accrued on this
Note for each outstanding advance which is for a Fixed Rate Term shall be
payable on the last day of the applicable Fixed Rate Term.

(e) Default Interest. From and after the maturity date of this Note, or
such earlier date as all principal owing hereunder becomes due and payable by
acceleration or otherwise, the outstanding principal balance of this Note shall
bear interest until paid in full at an increased rate per annum (computed on the
basis of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed) equal to three percent (3%) above
the rate of interest from time to time applicable to this Note.

BORROWING AND REPAYMENT:

(a) Borrowing and Repayment. Borrower may from time to time during the
term of this Note borrow, partially or wholly repay its outstanding borrowings,
and reborrow, subject to all of the limitations, terms and conditions of this
Note and of any document executed in connection with or governing this Note;
provided however, that the total outstanding borrowings under this Note shall
not at any time exceed the principal amount stated above. The unpaid principal
balance of this obligation at any time shall be the total amounts advanced
hereunder by the holder hereof less the amount of principal payments made hereon
by or for any Borrower, which balance may be endorsed hereon from time to time
by the holder. The outstanding principal balance of this Note shall be due and
payable in full on the Line of Credit Termination Date.

(b) Advances. Advances hereunder, to the total amount of the principal
sum stated above, may be made by the holder at the oral or written request of
any individual who is authorized to request advances and direct the disposition
of any advances until written notice of the revocation of such authority is
received by the holder at the office designated above, or (ii) any person, with
respect to advances deposited to the credit of any deposit account of any
Borrower1 which advances, when so deposited, shall be conclusively presumed to
have been made to or for the benefit of the Borrower regardless of the fact that
persons other than those authorized to request advances may have authority to
draw against such account. The holder shall have no obligation to determine
whether any person requesting an advance is or has been authorized by the
Borrower.

(c) Application of Payments. Each payment made on this Note shall be
credited first, to any interest then due and second, to the outstanding
principal balance hereof. All payments credited to principal shall be applied
first, to the outstanding principal balance of this Note which bears interest
determined in relation to the Prime Rate, if any, and second, to the outstanding
principal balance of this Note which bears interest determined in relation to
LIBOR, with such payments applied to the oldest Fixed Rate Term first.

PREPAYMENT:

(a) Prime Rate. Borrower may prepay principal on any portion of this
Note which bears interest determined in relation to the Prime Rate at any time,
in any amount and without penalty.

(b) LIBOR. Borrower may prepay principal on any portion of this Note
which bears interest determined in relation to LIBOR at any time and in the
minimum amount of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00); provided however, that if
the outstanding principal balance of such portion of this Note is less than said
amount, the minimum prepayment amount shall be the entire outstanding principal
balance thereof. In consideration of Bank providing this prepayment option to
Borrower, or if any such portion of this Note shall become due and payable at
any time prior to the last day of the Fixed Rate Term applicable thereto by
acceleration or otherwise, Borrower shall pay to Bank immediately upon demand a
fee which is the sum of the discounted monthly differences for each month from
the month of prepayment through the month in which such


<PAGE>


Fixed Rate Term matures, calculated as follows for each such month:

(i)      Determine the amount of interest which would have accrued each month on
the amount prepaid at the interest rate applicable to such amount had
it remained outstanding until the last day of the Fixed Rate Term
applicable thereto.

(ii)     Subtract from the amount determined in (i) above the amount of interest
which would have accrued for the same month on the amount prepaid for
the remaining term of such Fixed Rate Term at LIBOR in effect on the
date of prepayment for new loans made for such term and in a principal
amount equal to the amount prepaid.

(iii)   If the result obtained in (ii) for any month is greater than zero,
discount that difference by LIBOR used in (ii) above.

Each Borrower acknowledges that prepayment of such amount may result in Bank
incurring additional costs, expenses and/or liabilities, and that it is
difficult to ascertain the full extent of such costs, expenses and/or
liabilities. Each Borrower, therefore, agrees to pay the above-described
prepayment fee and agrees that said amount represents a reasonable estimate of
the prepayment costs, expenses and/or liabilities of Bank. If Borrower fails to
pay any prepayment fee when due, the amount of such prepayment fee shall
thereafter bear interest until paid at a rate per annum four percent (4%) above
the Prime Rate in effect from time to time (computed on the basis of a 360-day
year, actual days elapsed. Each change in the rate of interest on any such past
due prepayment fee shall become effective on the date each Prime Rate change is
announced within Bank.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT:

This Note is made pursuant to and is subject to the terms and
conditions of that certain Credit Agreement between Borrower and Bank dated as
of September 8, 2000, as amended from time to time (the "Credit Agreement"). Any
default in the payment or performance of any obligation under this Note, or any
defined event of default under the Credit Agreement, shall constitute an "Event
of Default" under this Note.

MISCELLANEOUS:

(a) Remedies. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, the holder
of this Note, at the holder's option, may declare all sums of principal and
interest outstanding hereunder to be immediately due and payable without
presentment, demand, notice of nonperformance, notice of protest, protest or
notice of dishonor, all of which are expressly waived by each Borrower, and the
obligation, if any, of the holder to extend any further credit hereunder shall
immediately cease and terminate. The Borrower shall pay to the holder
immediately upon demand the full amount of all payments, advances, charges,
costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees (to include outside
counsel fees and all allocated costs of the holder's in-house counsel), expended
or incurred by the holder in connection with the enforcement of the holder's
rights and/or the collection of any amounts which become due to the holder under
this Note, and the prosecution or defense of any action in any way related to
this Note, including without limitation, any action for declaratory relief,
whether incurred at the trial or appellate level, in an arbitration proceeding
or otherwise, and including any of the foregoing incurred in connection with any
bankruptcy proceeding (including without limitation, any adversary proceeding,
contested matter or motion brought by Bank or any other person) relating to any
Borrower or any other person or entity.

(b) Obligations Joint and Several. Should more than one person or
entity sign this Note as a Borrower, the obligations of each such Borrower shall
be joint and several.

(c) Governing Law. This Note shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of lowa.


<PAGE>


(d) Defined Terms. All capitalized terms used herein and not defined
herein shall have the same meaning as given to such term in the Credit Agreement
by and between the parties, dated October 19, 2000, as the same may be amended
from time to time.

(e) Acknowledgment. Borrower acknowledges receipt of an executed copy
of this Note.

(f) Waiver. Presentment or other demand for payment, notice of dishonor
and protest are hereby waived by the undersigned and each endorser and
guarantor.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Note as of the
date first written above.


IMPORTANT: READ BEFORE SIGNING. THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT SHOULD BE READ
CAREFULLY BECAUSE ONLY THOSE TERMS IN WRITING ARE ENFORCEABLE. NO OTHER TERMS OR
ORAL PROMISES NOT CONTAINED IN THIS WRITTEN CONTRACT MAY BE LEGALLY ENFORCED.
YOU MAY CHANGE THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT ONLY BY ANOTHER WRITTEN AGREEMENT.




Winnebago Industries, Inc.

By:     /s/ Edwin F. Barker
Edwin F. Barker, Vice President, CFO


