









<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 10.28
[LOGO]

CREDIT AGREEMENT

FIRST UNION NATIONAL BANK
201 S. JEFFERSON STREET
ROANOKE, VIRGINIA 24011
(Hereinafter referred to as the "Bank")

LIFEMINDERS.COM, INC.
1110 HERNDON PARKWAY
SUITE 300
HERNDON, VIRGINIA 20170
(Individually and collectively "Borrower")

This Credit Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into May 22, 2000, by and between
Bank and Borrower.

This Agreement applies to, the standby letter of credit issued hereunder (each,
a "Letter of Credit" and collectively, the "Letters of Credit") and all Loan
Documents (as defined herein).

Relying upon the covenants, agreements, representations and warranties contained
in this Agreement, Bank is willing to extend credit to Borrower upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth herein, and Bank and Borrower agree as
follows:

LETTERS OF CREDIT. Bank will issue standby letters of credit, provided, the
aggregate amount available to be drawn under all standby Letters of Credit plus
the aggregate amount of unreimbursed drawings under all standby Letters of
Credit at any one time does not exceed $7,600,000.00, and further provided, no
standby letter of credit shall expire more than ______ days after the date it is
issued. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the aggregate
amount available to be drawn under all Letters of Credit plus the aggregate
amounts of unreimbursed drawings under all Letters of Credit at any one time
shall not exceed $7,600,000.00. The Letters of Credit are to be used by
Borrower solely for credit enhancement for lease of office space in Herndon,
Virginia. Bank's obligation to issue Letters of Credit shall terminate if
Borrower is in default (however denominated) under any Loan Documents, or in any
case, if not sooner terminated, on May 17, 2001.

LETTER OF CREDIT FEES. Borrower shall pay to Bank, at such times as Bank shall
require, Bank's standard fees in connection with Letters of Credit, as in effect
from time to time, and with respect to standby Letters of Credit, an additional
fee equal to 1.00% per annum on the face amount of each standby Letter of
Credit, payable annually, in advance, for so long as such Letter of Credit is
outstanding.

DEFINITIONS. Loan Documents. The term "Loan Documents" used in this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents refers to this Agreement, all documents executed in
connection herewith or related to, including, without limitation, any letters of
credit, any applications for such letters of credit and any other documents
executed in connection therewith or related thereto, a commitment letter that
survives closing, guaranty agreements, security agreements, security
instruments, financing statements, mortgage instruments, any renewals or
modifications, whenever any of the foregoing are executed, but does not include
swap agreements (as defined in 11 U.S.C. (S) 101). Obligations. The term
"Obligations" used in this Agreement refers to any and all indebtedness and
other obligations under this Agreement, all other obligations under any other
Loan Document(s), and all obligations under any swap agreements (as defined in
11 U.S.C. (S) 101) between Borrower and Bank whenever executed. Certain Other
Terms. All terms that are used but not otherwise defined in any of the Loan
Documents shall have the definitions provided in the Uniform Commerical Code.

<PAGE>

PRESENTATIONS. Borrower represents that from the date of this Agreement and
until final payment in full of the Obligations: Accurate Information. All
information now and hereafter furnished to Bank is and will be true, correct and
complete. Any such information relating to Borrower's financial condition will
accurately reflect Borrower's financial condition as of the date(s) thereof,
(including all contingent liabilities of every type), and Borrower further
represents that its financial condition has not changed materially or adversely
since the date(s) of such documents. Authorization; Non-Contravention. The
execution, delivery and performance by Borrower and any guarantor, as
applicable, of this Agreement and other Loan Documents to which it is a party
are within its power, have been duly authorized as may be required and, if
necessary, by making appropriate filings with any governmental agency or unit
and are the legal, binding, valid and enforceable obligations of Borrower and
any guarantors; and do not (i) contravene, or constitute (with or without the
giving of notice or lapse of time or both) a violation of any provision of
applicable law, a violation of the organizational documents of Borrower or any
guarantor, or a default under any agreement, judgement, injunction, order,
decree or other instrument binding upon or affecting Borrower or any guarantor,
(ii) result in the creation or imposition of any lien (other than the lien(s)
created by the Loan Documents) on any of Borrower's or any guarantor's assets,
or (iii) give cause for the acceleration of any obligations of Borrower or any
guarantor to any other creditor. Asset Ownership. Borrower has good and
marketable title to all of the properties and assets reflected on the balance
sheets and financial statements supplied Bank by Borrower, and all such
properties and assets are free and clear of mortgages, security deeds, pledges,
liens, charges, and all other encumbrances, except as otherwise disclosed to
Bank by Borrower in writing and approved by Bank ("Permitted Liens"). To
Borrower's knowledge, no default has occurred under any Permitted Liens and no
claims or interests adverse to Borrower's present rights in its properties and
assets have arisen. Discharge of Liens and Taxes. Borrower has duly filed, paid
and/or discharged all taxes or other claims which may become a lien on any of
its property or assets, except to the extent that such items are being
appropriately contested in good faith and an adequate reserve for the payment
thereof is being maintained. Sufficiency of Capital. Borrower is not, and after
consummation of this Agreement and after giving effect to all indebtedness
incurred and liens created by Borrower in connection with this Agreement and any
other Loan Documents, will not be, insolvent within the meaning of 11 U.S.C (S)
101(32). Compliance with Laws. Borrower is in compliance in all respects with
all federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations applicable to its
properties, operations, business, and finances, including, without limitation,
and federal or state laws relating to liquor (including 18 U.S.C (S) 3617, et
seq.) or narcotics (including 21 U.S.C. (S) 801, et seq.) and/or any commercial
crimes; all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations intended to
protect the environment; and the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended ("ERISA"), if applicable. Organization and Authority. Each
corporate or limited liability company Borrower and/or guarantor, as applicable,
is duly created, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
state of its organization, and has all powers, governmental licenses,
authorizations, consents and approvals required to operation its business as now
conducted. Each corporate or limited liability company Borrower and/or
guarantor, as applicable, is duly qualified, licensed and in good standing in
each jurisdiction where qualification or licensing is required by the nature of
its business or the character and location of its property, business or
customers, and in which the failure to so qualify or be licensed, as the case
may be, in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on the business,
financial position, results of operations, properties or prospects of Borrower
or any such guarantor. No litigation. There are not pending or threatened suits,
claims or demands against Borrower or any guarantor that have not been disclosed
to Bank by Borrower in writing, and approved by Bank. ERISA. Each employee
pension benefit plan, as defined in ERISA, maintained by Borrower meets, as of
the date hereof, the minimum funding standards of ERISA and all applicable
regulations thereto and requirements thereof, and of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended. No "Prohibited Transactions" or "Reportable Event" (as both
terms are defined by ERISA) has occurred with respects to any such plan.

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. Borrower agrees that from the date hereof and until
final payment in full of the Obligations, unless Bank shall otherwise consent
in writing, Borrower will: Access to Books and Records. Allow Bank, or its
agents, during normal business hours, access to the books, records and such
other documents of Borrower as Bank shall reasonably require, and allow Bank to
make copies thereof at Bank's expenses. Business Continuity. Conduct its
business in substantially the same manner and locations as such business is now
and has previously been conducted. Certificate of Full

Page 2
<PAGE>

Compliance From Accountant. Deliver to Bank, with the financial statements
required herein, a certification by Borrower's independent certified public
accountant that Borrower is in full compliance with the Loan Documents.
Compliance with Other Agreements. Comply with all terms and conditions contained
in this Agreement, and any other Loan Documents, and swap agreements, if
applicable, as defined in the 11 U.S.C. (S) 101. Estoppel Certificate. Furnish,
within 15 days after request by Bank, a written statement duly acknowledged of
the amount due under the Loan and whether offset or defenses exist against the
Obligations. Insurance. Maintain adequate insurance coverage with respect to its
properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds and in the amounts
customarily insured against by companies of established reputation engaged in
the same or similar businesses including, without limitation, commercial general
liability insurance, workers compensation insurance, and business interruption
insurance; all acquired in such amounts and from such companies as Bank may
reasonably require. Maintain Properties. Maintain, preserve and keep its
property in good repair, working order and condition, making all needed
replacements, additions and improvements thereto, to the extent allowed by this
Agreement. Notice of Default and Other Notices. (a) Notice of Default. Furnish
to Bank immediately upon becoming aware of the existence of any condition or
event which constitutes a Default (as defined in the Loan Documents) or any
event which, upon the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, may become a
Default, written notice specifying the nature and period of existence thereof
and the action which Borrower is taking or proposes to take with respect
thereto. (b) Other Notices. Promptly notify Bank in writing of (i) any material
adverse change in its financial condition or its business; (ii) any default
under any material agreement, contract or other instrument to which it is a
party or by which any of its properties are bound, or any acceleration of the
maturity of any indebtedness owing by Borrower; (iii) any material adverse claim
against or affecting Borrower or any part of its properties; (iv) the
commencement of, and any material determination in, any litigation with any
third party or any proceeding before any government agency or unit affecting
Borrower; and (v) at least 30 days prior thereto, any change in Borrower's name
or address as shown above, and/or any change in Borrower's structure. Other
Financial Information. Deliver promptly such other information regarding the
operation, business affairs, and financial condition of Borrower which Bank may
reasonably request. Payment of Debts. Pay and discharge when due, and before
subject to penalty or further charge, and otherwise satisfy before maturity or
delinquency, all obligations, debts, taxes, and liabilities of whatever nature
or amount, except those which Borrower in good faith disputes. Reports and
Proxies. Deliver to Bank, promptly, a copy of all financial statements, reports,
notices, and proxy statements, sent by Borrower to stockholders, and all regular
or periodic reports required to be filed by Borrower with any governmental
agency or authority.

NEGATIVE COVENANTS. Borrower agrees that from the date of this Agreement and
until final payment in full of the Obligations, unless Bank shall otherwise
consent in writing, Borrower will not: Encumbrances. Create, assume, or permit
to exist any mortgage, security deed, deed of trust, pledge, lien, charge or
other encumbrance on any of its assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired,
other than (i) security interests required by the Loan Documents; (ii) liens for
taxes contested in good faith; (iii) liens accruing by law for employee
benefits; or (iv) Permitted Liens. Default on Other Contracts or Obligations.
Default on any material contract with or obligation when due to a third party or
default in the performance of any obligation to a third party incurred for money
borrowed. Government Intervention. Permit the assertion or making of any
seizure, vesting or intervention by or under authority of any government by
which the management of Borrower or any guarantor is displaced of its authority
in the conduct of its respective business or its such business is curtailed or
materially impaired. Judgment Entered. Permit the entry of any monetary
judgment or the assessment against, the filing of any tax lien against, or the
Issuance of any writ of garnishment or attachment against any property of or
debts due Borrower. Retire or Repurchase Capital Stock. Retire or otherwise
acquire any of its capital stock.

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Borrower shall deliver to Bank, within 120 days
after the close of each fiscal year, audited financial statements reflecting its
operations during such fiscal year, including, without limitaion, a balance
sheet, profit and loss statement and statement of cash flows, with supporting
schedules and in reasonable detail, prepared in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles, applied on a basis consistent with that of the
preceding year. If audited statements are required, all such statements shall be
examined by an independent certified public accountant acceptable to Bank. The
opinion of such independent certified public accountant shall not be acceptable
to Bank if qualified due to any limitations in scope imposed by Borrower or any
other person or entity. Any other qualification of the

Page 3

<PAGE>

opinion by the accountant shall render the acceptability of the financial
statements subject to Bank's approval.  The Borrower shall provide Bank with an
annual budget.

FINANCIAL COVENANTS.  Borrower agrees to the following provisions from the date
hereof until final payment in full of the Obligations, unless Bank shall
otherwise consent in writing, using the financial information for Borrower, its
subsidiaries, affiliates and its holding or parent company, as applicable:
Deposit Relationship.  Borrower shall maintain its primary account and cash
management account with Bank.  Limitation on Indebtedness. The Borrower shall
not, individually or jointly, incur or assume any additional debt in excess of
$250,000.00, in the aggregate, as either a borrower or guarantor (excluding
trade debt incurred in the ordinary course of business) without prior approval
of Bank.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.  The obligations of Bank to issue any Letters of Credit
pursuant to this Agreement are subject to the following conditions precedent:
Letter of Credit Documents.  Receipt by Bank of all documents required by Bank
in connection with Letter of Credit, including without limitation, additional
supporting documents as Bank or its counsel may reasonably request.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower and Bank, on the day and year first written above,
have caused this Agreement to be executed under seal.


LIFEMINDERS.COM INC.

By: /s/ Joseph S. Grabias
--------------------------------(SEAL)
Name: JOSEPH S. GRABIAS, Title: Chief Financial Officer

By: /s/ D.N. Malony
--------------------------------(SEAL)
Name: DAVID N. MALONY, Title: Chief Operating Officer


First Union National Bank

By: ___________________________________(SEAL)
Joseph Costa, Vice President

Page 4



