






Exibit 4.A to Woodhead Industries, Inc. Form 10-Q, June 26, 2004




EXHIBIT 4









CREDIT AGREEMENT




DATED AS OF




APRIL 28, 2004




BETWEEN




WOODHEAD INDUSTRIES,
INC.




AND




HARRIS TRUST AND
SAVINGS BANK













TABLE OF CONTENTS



SECTION	DESCRIPTION	PAGE

SECTION 1	THE CREDITS	1

Section 1.1.	Revolving Credit	1
Section 1.2.	Loans	1
Section 1.3.	Letters of Credit	1
Section 1.4.	Manner and Disbursement of Loans	2
Section 1.5.	Extensions of the Commitment	3

SECTION 2	INTEREST AND CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCES	3

Section 2.1.	Interest Rate Options	3
Section 2.2.	Minimum Amounts	5
Section 2.3.	Computation of Interest	5
Section 2.4.	Manner of Rate Selection	5
Section 2.5.	Change of Law	5
Section 2.6.	Unavailability of Deposits or Inability to Ascertain Adjusted LIBOR	6
Section 2.7.	Taxes and Increased Costs	6
Section 2.8.	Funding Indemnity	7
Section 2.9.	Change in Capital Adequacy Requirements	7
Section 2.10.	Lending Branch	8
Section 2.11.	Discretion of Bank as to Manner of Funding	8

SECTION 3	FEES, PREPAYMENTS, TERMINATIONS AND APPLICATIONS	8

Section 3.1.	Fees	8
Section 3.2.	Voluntary Prepayments	9
Section 3.3.	Terminations	9
Section 3.4.	Place and Application of Payments	9
Section 3.5.	Notations	10

SECTION 4	GUARANTIES	10

SECTION 5	DEFINITIONS; INTERPRETATION	10

Section 5.1.	Definitions	10
Section 5.2.	Interpretation	18

SECTION 6	REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES	18

Section 6.1.	Organization and Qualification	18
Section 6.2.	Subsidiaries	18
Section 6.3.	Corporate Authority and Validity of Obligations	19
Section 6.4.	Use of Proceeds; Margin Stock	19
















Section 6.5.	Financial Reports	20
Section 6.6.	No Material Adverse Change	20
Section 6.7.	Full Disclosure	20
Section 6.8.	Trademarks, Franchises and Licenses	20
Section 6.9.	Governmental Authority and Licensing	20
Section 6.10.	Good Title	21
Section 6.11.	Litigation and Other Controversies	21
Section 6.12.	Taxes	21
Section 6.13.	Approvals	21
Section 6.14.	Affiliate Transactions	21
Section 6.15.	Investment Company; Public Utility Holding Company	21
Section 6.16.	ERISA	21
Section 6.17.	Compliance with Laws	22
Section 6.18.	Other Agreements	22
Section 6.19.	Solvency	22
Section 6.20.	No Default	22

SECTION 7	CONDITIONS PRECEDENT	22

Section 7.1.	All Advances	22
Section 7.2.	Initial Advance	23
Section 7.3.	Termination of Prior Credit Facilities	24

SECTION 8	COVENANTS	24

Section 8.1.	Maintenance of Business	24
Section 8.2.	Maintenance of Properties	24
Section 8.3.	Taxes and Assessments	25
Section 8.4.	Insurance	25
Section 8.5.	Financial Reports	25
Section 8.6.	Inspection	26
Section 8.7.	Borrowings and Guaranties	27
Section 8.8.	Liens	28
Section 8.9.	Investments, Acquisitions, Loans and Advances	29
Section 8.10.	Mergers, Consolidations and Sales	30
Section 8.11.	Maintenance of Subsidiaries	31
Section 8.12.	ERISA	31
Section 8.13.	Compliance with Laws	31
Section 8.14.	Burdensome Contracts With Affiliates	32
Section 8.15.	No Changes in Fiscal Year	32
Section 8.16.	Formation of Subsidiaries	32
Section 8.17.	Change in the Nature of Business	32
Section 8.18.	Use of Proceeds	32
Section 8.19.	No Restrictions	32
Section 8.20.	Financial Covenants	32
Section 8.21.	Immaterial Subsidiaries	33















SECTION 9	EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES	33

Section 9.1.	Events of Default	33
Section 9.2.	Non-Bankruptcy Defaults	35
Section 9.3.	Bankruptcy Defaults	35
Section 9.4.	Collateral for Undrawn Letters of Credit	35

SECTION 10	MISCELLANEOUS	35

Section 10.1.	Non-Business Day	35
Section 10.2.	No Waiver, Cumulative Remedies	36
Section 10.3.	Amendments, Etc.	36
Section 10.4.	Costs and Expenses; Indemnification	36
Section 10.5.	Documentary Taxes	37
Section 10.6.	Survival of Representations	37
Section 10.7.	Survival of Indemnities	37
Section 10.8.	Notices	37
Section 10.9.	Construction	37
Section 10.10.	Headings	38
Section 10.11.	Severability of Provisions	38
Section 10.12.	Counterparts	38
Section 10.13.	Binding Nature, Governing Law, Etc.	38
Section 10.14.	Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial	38

Signature	 	39

Exhibit A         —    Revolving Note
Exhibit B          —    Compliance Certificate
Schedule 6.2   —    Subsidiaries


















CREDIT AGREEMENT




Harris Trust and Savings
Bank

Chicago, Illinois




Ladies and Gentlemen:



The
undersigned, Woodhead Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
“Borrower”), applies to you (the “Bank”) for your
commitment, subject to the terms and conditions hereof and on the basis of the
representations and warranties hereinafter set forth, to extend credit to the Borrower,
all as more fully hereinafter set forth. All capitalized terms used herein without
definition shall have the same meanings herein as such terms are defined in
Section 5.1 hereof.


SECTION 1.    THE CREDITS.



Section 1.1.
Revolving Credit. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Bank
agrees to extend a revolving credit (the “Revolving Credit”) to
the Borrower which may be availed of by the Borrower from time to time during
the period from and including the date hereof to but not including the
Termination Date, at which time the commitment of the Bank to extend credit
under the Revolving Credit shall expire. The Revolving Credit may be utilized by
the Borrower in the form of Loans and Letters of Credit, all as more fully
hereinafter set forth, provided that the aggregate principal amount of Loans and
Letters of Credit outstanding at any one time shall not exceed $25,000,000 (the
“Commitment”, as such amount may be reduced pursuant to the
terms hereof). During the period from and including the date hereof to but not
including the Termination Date, the Borrower may use the Commitment by
borrowing, repaying, and reborrowing Loans in whole or in part and/or by having
the Bank issue Letters of Credit, having such Letters of Credit expire or
otherwise terminate without having been drawn upon or, if drawn upon,
reimbursing the Bank for each such drawing, and having the Bank issue new
Letters of Credit, all in accordance with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement.



Section 1.2.
Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Revolving Credit
may be availed of by the Borrower in the form of loans (individually a
“Loan” and collectively the “Loans”). The
Loans shall be made against and evidenced by a single promissory note of the
Borrower in the form (with appropriate insertions) attached hereto as
Exhibit A (the “Note”). The Note shall be dated the date
of issuance thereof and be expressed to bear interest as set forth in
Section 2 hereof. The Note, and all Loans evidenced thereby, shall mature
and become due and payable in full on the Termination Date. Without regard to
the principal amount of the Note stated on its face, the actual principal amount
at any time outstanding and owing by the Borrower on account of the Note shall
be the sum of all Loans made hereunder less all payments of principal actually
received by the Bank.



Section 1.3.
Letters of Credit.



(a)
General Terms. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Revolving
Credit may be availed of by the Borrower in the form of standby and commercial
letters of credit issued













by the Bank for the account of the
Borrower           (individually a “Letter of Credit” and collectively
the “Letters of Credit”), provided that the aggregate amount of
Letters of Credit issued and outstanding hereunder shall not at any one time
exceed $1,000,000. For purposes of this Agreement, a Letter of Credit shall be
deemed outstanding as of any time in an amount equal to the maximum amount
which           could be drawn thereunder under any circumstances and over any period of
time           plus any unreimbursed drawings then outstanding with respect thereto. If
and to           the extent any Letter of Credit expires or otherwise terminates without
having           been drawn upon, the availability under the Commitment shall to such
extent be           reinstated.



(b)
Term. Each Letter of Credit issued hereunder shall expire not later than
the earlier of (i) 12 months from the date of issuance (or be cancelable
not later than 12 months from the date of issuance and each renewal) or (ii) the
Termination Date.



(c)
General Characteristics. Each Letter of Credit issued hereunder shall be
payable in U.S. Dollars, conform to the general requirements of the Bank for the
issuance of a standby or commercial letter of credit, as the case may be,
as to form and substance, and be a letter of credit which the Bank may lawfully
issue.



(d)
Applications. At the time the Borrower requests a Letter of Credit to be
issued (or prior to the first issuance of a Letter of Credit in the case of a
continuing application), the Borrower shall execute and deliver to the Bank an
application for such Letter of Credit in the form then customarily prescribed by
the Bank (individually an “Application” and collectively the
“Applications”). Subject to the other provisions of this
subsection, the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the Bank for drawings
under a Letter of Credit shall be governed by the Application for such Letter of
Credit. Anything contained in the Applications to the contrary notwithstanding,
(i) in the event the Bank is not reimbursed by the Borrower for the amount
the Bank pays on any drawing made under a Letter of Credit issued hereunder by
11:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the date when such drawing is paid, the obligation
of the Borrower to reimburse the Bank for the amount of such drawing shall bear
interest (which the Borrower hereby promises to pay on demand) from and after
the date the drawing is paid by the Bank until repayment in full thereof at the
fluctuating rate per annum determined by adding 2.0% to the sum of the
Applicable Margin plus the Base Rate as from time to time in effect (computed on
the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of days elapsed),
(ii) the Borrower shall pay fees in connection with each Letter of Credit
as set forth in Section 3 hereof, (iii) prior to the occurrence of a
Default or an Event of Default, the Bank will not call for the funding of a
Letter of Credit by the Borrower prior to being presented with a drawing
thereunder.



Section 1.4.
Manner and Disbursement of Loans. The Borrower shall give written or
telephonic notice to the Bank (which notice shall be irrevocable once given and,
if given by telephone, shall be promptly confirmed in writing) by no later than
11:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the date the Borrower requests the Bank to
make a Loan hereunder. Each such notice shall specify the date of the Loan
requested (which must be a Business Day) and the amount of such Loan. Each Loan
shall initially constitute part of the Base Rate Portion except to the extent
the Borrower has otherwise timely elected that such Loan, or any part thereof,
constitute part of a Fixed Rate Portion as provided in Section 2 hereof.
The Borrower agrees that the Bank may rely upon any written or telephonic notice
given by any person the Bank in good faith believes is an













Authorized           Representative
without the necessity of independent investigation and, in the           event any
telephonic notice conflicts with the written confirmation, such           telephonic
notice shall govern if the Bank has acted in reliance thereon.           Subject to the
provisions of Section 7 hereof, the proceeds of each Loan           shall be made
available to the Borrower at the principal office of the Bank in           Chicago,
Illinois, in immediately available funds, in the case of the initial           Loans made
hereunder, in accordance with the terms of the written disbursement
instructions of the Borrower and, in the case of each subsequent Loan, by
deposit to the Borrower’s operating account no. 452995-4 maintained
with the Bank or as otherwise agreed upon by the Borrower and the Bank.



Section 1.5.
Extensions of the Commitment. No less than 30 days prior to, but not more
than 60 days prior to, the date occurring on the second anniversary of the date
of this Agreement (and on each anniversary date thereafter in the event the
Termination Date has heretofore been extended pursuant to this Section), the
Borrower may advise the Bank in writing of its desire to extend the Termination
Date for an additional 12-months. In the event that the Bank is agreeable to
such extension, it shall so notify the Borrower (it being understood that the
Bank may accept or decline such a request in its sole discretion and on such
terms as it may elect, and in the event that the Bank fails to so notify the
Borrower within 30 days of the Borrower’s request that the Bank has agreed
to such extension the Bank shall be deemed to have refused to grant the request
extension) and the Borrower and the Bank shall enter into such documents as the
Bank may deem necessary or appropriate to reflect such extension, and all costs
and expenses incurred by the Bank in connection therewith (including reasonable
attorneys’ fees) shall be paid by the Borrower.




SECTION 2.    INTEREST AND
CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCES.



Section 2.1.
Interest Rate Options. (a) Generally. The outstanding
principal balance of the Loans (all of the indebtedness evidenced by the Note
bearing interest at the same rate for the same period of time being hereinafter
referred to as a “Portion”) shall bear interest with reference
to the Base Rate (the “Base Rate Portion”) or, at the option of
the Borrower and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, with reference to
an Adjusted LIBOR (“LIBOR Portions”) or with reference to an
Offered Rate (“Offered Rate Portions”). All of the indebtedness
evidenced by the Note which bears interest with reference to a particular
Adjusted LIBOR for a particular Interest Period shall constitute a single LIBOR
Portion, all of the indebtedness evidenced by the Note which bears interest with
reference to a particular Offered Rate for a particular Interest Period shall
constitute a single Offered Rate Portion, and all of the indebtedness evidenced
by the Note which is not part of a Fixed Rate Portion shall constitute a single
Base Rate Portion. There shall not be more than 10 Fixed Rate Portions
applicable to the Note outstanding at any one time. Anything contained herein to
the contrary notwithstanding, the obligation of the Bank to create, continue or
effect by conversion any Fixed Rate Portion shall be conditioned upon the fact
that at the time no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing. The Borrower hereby promises to pay interest on each Portion of the
Note at the rates and times specified in this Section 2.



(b)
Base Rate Portion. The Base Rate Portion shall bear interest at the rate
per annum determined by adding the Applicable Margin to the Base Rate as in
effect from time to time,












provided that if the Base Rate
Portion or any part           thereof is not paid when due (whether by lapse of time,
acceleration, or           otherwise), or at the election of the Bank upon notice to the
Borrower during           the existence of any other Event of Default, such Portion shall
bear interest,           whether before or after judgment until payment in full thereof,
at the rate per           annum determined by adding 2.0% to the interest rate which
would otherwise be           applicable thereto from time to time. Interest on the Base
Rate Portion shall be           payable quarterly in arrears on the last day of each
March, June, September, and           December in each year (commencing on the first such
date occurring after the           date hereof) and at maturity of the Note, and interest
after maturity (whether           by lapse of time, acceleration, or otherwise) shall be
due and payable upon           demand. Any change in the interest rate on the Base Rate
Portion resulting from           a change in the Base Rate shall be effective on the date
of the relevant change           in the Base Rate.



(c)
LIBOR Portions. Each LIBOR Portion shall bear interest for each Interest
Period selected therefor at a rate per annum determined by adding the Applicable
Margin to the Adjusted LIBOR for such Interest Period, provided that if
any LIBOR Portion is not paid when due (whether by lapse of time, acceleration,
or otherwise), or at the election of the Bank upon notice to the Borrower during
the existence of any other Event of Default, such Portion shall bear interest,
whether before or after judgment until payment in full thereof, through the end
of the Interest Period then applicable thereto at the rate per annum determined
by adding 2.0% to the interest rate which would otherwise be applicable thereto,
and effective at the end of such Interest Period such LIBOR Portion shall
automatically be converted into and added to the Base Rate Portion and shall
thereafter bear interest at the interest rate applicable to the Base Rate
Portion after default. Interest on each LIBOR Portion shall be due and payable
on the last day of each Interest Period applicable thereto and, with respect to
any Interest Period applicable to a LIBOR Portion in excess of 3 months, on
the date occurring every 3 months after the date such Interest Period began
and at the end of such Interest Period, and interest after maturity (whether by
lapse of time, acceleration, or otherwise) shall be due and payable upon demand.
The Borrower shall notify the Bank on or before 11:00 a.m. (Chicago time)
on the third Business Day preceding the end of an Interest Period applicable to
a LIBOR Portion whether such LIBOR Portion is to continue as a LIBOR Portion, in
which event the Borrower shall notify the Bank of the new Interest Period
selected therefor; and in the event the Borrower shall fail to so notify the
Bank, such LIBOR Portion shall automatically be converted into and added to the
Base Rate Portion as of and on the last day of such Interest Period.



(d)
Offered Rate Portions. Each Offered Rate Portion shall bear interest for
each Interest Period selected therefor at a rate per annum determined by adding
the Applicable Margin to the Offered Rate for such Interest Period, provided
that if any Offered Rate Portion is not paid when due (whether by lapse of time,
acceleration, or otherwise), or at the election of the Bank upon notice to the
Borrower during the existence of any Event of Default, such Portion shall bear
interest, whether before or after judgment until payment in full thereof,
through the end of the Interest Period then applicable thereto at the rate per
annum determined by adding 2.0% to the interest rate which would otherwise be
applicable thereto, and effective at the end of such Interest Period such
Offered Rate Portion shall automatically be converted into and added to the Base
Rate Portion and shall thereafter bear interest at the interest rate applicable
to the Base Rate Portion after default. Interest on each Offered Rate Portion
shall be due and payable on the last day of each Interest Period applicable
thereto and, with respect to any Interest Period applicable












to an Offered Rate           Portion
in excess of 90 days, on the date occurring every 90 days           after the
date such Interest Period began and at the end of such Interest           Period, and
interest after maturity (whether by lapse of time, acceleration, or           otherwise)
shall be due and payable upon demand. The Borrower shall notify the           Bank on or
before 11:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the Business Day preceding the           end of an
Interest Period applicable to an Offered Rate Portion whether such           Offered Rate
Portion is to continue as an Offered Rate Portion, in which event           the Borrower
shall notify the Bank of the new Interest Period selected therefor;           and in the
event the Borrower shall fail to so notify the Bank, such Offered           Rate Portion
shall automatically be converted into and added to the Base Rate           Portion as of
and on the last day of such Interest Period. The Borrower           understands and
agrees that the Bank has no obligation to quote Offered Rates or           to make any
Offered Rate Portion available to the Borrower, that the Bank may           refuse to
make any such Offered Rate Portion available to the Borrower after           receiving a
request therefor from the Borrower, and that any such Offered Rate           Portion made
available to the Borrower shall be subject to such other terms and           conditions
as are mutually agreed upon by the Borrower and the Bank.



Section 2.2.
Minimum Amounts. Unless otherwise agreed to by the Bank, (a) the
Base Rate Portion shall be in an amount equal to $100,000 or such greater amount
which is an integral multiple of $25,000 and (b) each Fixed Rate Portion
shall be in an amount equal to $500,000 or such greater amount which is an
integral multiple of $100,000.



Section 2.3.
Computation of Interest. All interest on the Note shall be computed on
the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of days elapsed.



Section 2.4.
Manner of Rate Selection.  The Borrower shall notify the Bank by
11:00 a.m. (Chicago time) (i) at least 3 Business Days prior to the
date upon which the Borrower requests that any LIBOR Portion be created or that
any part of the Base Rate Portion or any part of an Offered Rate Portion be
converted into a LIBOR Portion, and (ii) at least 1 Business Day prior
to the date upon which the Borrower requests that any Offered Rate Portion be
created or that any part of the Base Rate Portion or any part of a LIBOR Portion
be converted into an Offered Rate Portion (each such notice to specify in each
instance the amount thereof and the Interest Period selected therefor). If any
request is made to convert a Fixed Rate Portion into another type of Portion
available hereunder, such conversion shall only be made so as to become
effective as of the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto. All
requests for the creation, continuance, and conversion of Portions under this
Agreement shall be irrevocable. Such requests may be written or oral and the
Bank is hereby authorized to honor telephonic requests for creations,
continuances, and conversions received by it from any person the Bank in good
faith believes to be an Authorized Representative without the necessity of
independent investigation, the Borrower hereby indemnifying the Bank from any
liability or loss ensuing from so acting.



Section 2.5.
Change of Law. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement or
the Note, if at any time the Bank shall determine that any change in applicable
laws, treaties, or regulations, or in the interpretation thereof, makes it
unlawful for the Bank to create or continue to maintain any Fixed Rate Portion,
it shall promptly so notify the Borrower and the obligation of the Bank to
create, continue, or maintain any such Fixed Rate Portion under this Agreement













shall be suspended until it is no
longer unlawful for the Bank to create,           continue, or maintain such Fixed Rate
Portion. If the continued maintenance of           any such Fixed Rate Portion is
unlawful, the Borrower shall prepay on demand to           the Bank the outstanding
principal amount of the affected Fixed Rate Portion           together with all interest
accrued thereon and all other amounts payable to the           Bank with respect thereto
under this Agreement; provided, however, the           Borrower may elect to
convert the principal amount of the affected Portion into           another type of
Portion available hereunder, subject to the terms and conditions           of this
Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 2.8 hereof).



Section 2.6.
Unavailability of Deposits or Inability to Ascertain Adjusted LIBOR.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or the Note, if the Bank
shall determine prior to the commencement of any Interest Period that
deposits in the amount of any LIBOR Portion scheduled to be outstanding during
such Interest Period are not readily available to the Bank in the relevant
market or, by reason of circumstances affecting the relevant market, adequate
and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining Adjusted LIBOR, then the Bank
shall promptly give notice thereof to the Borrower and the obligations of the
Bank to create, continue, or effect by conversion any such LIBOR Portion in such
amount and for such Interest Period shall be suspended until deposits in such
amount and for the Interest Period selected by the Borrower shall again be
readily available in the relevant market and adequate and reasonable means exist
for ascertaining Adjusted LIBOR.



Section 2.7.
Taxes and Increased Costs. With respect to any Fixed Rate Portion, if the
Bank shall determine that any change in any applicable law, treaty, regulation,
or guideline (including, without limitation, Regulation D of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System), or any new law, treaty, regulation, or
guideline, or any interpretation of any of the foregoing, by any governmental
authority charged with the administration thereof or any central bank or other
fiscal, monetary, or other authority having jurisdiction over the Bank or its
lending branch or the Fixed Rate Portions contemplated by this Agreement
(whether or not having the force of law), shall:



(i)
impose, increase, or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, or similar
requirement against assets held by, or deposits in or for the account of, or
loans by, or any other acquisition of funds or disbursements by, the Bank which
is not in any instance already accounted for in computing the interest rate
applicable to such Fixed Rate Portion;







(ii)
subject the Bank, any Fixed Rate Portion or the Note to the extent it evidences
a Fixed Rate Portion to any tax (including, without limitation, any United
States interest equalization tax or similar tax however named applicable to the
acquisition or holding of debt obligations and any interest or penalties with
respect thereto), duty, charge, stamp tax, fee, deduction, or withholding in
respect of this Agreement, any Fixed Rate Portion or the Note to the extent it
evidences a Fixed Rate Portion, except such taxes as may be measured by the
overall net income or gross receipts of the Bank or its lending branches and
imposed by the jurisdiction, or any political subdivision or taxing authority
thereof, in which the Bank’s principal executive office or its lending
branch is located;

















(iii)
change the basis of taxation of payments of principal and interest due from the
Borrower to the Bank hereunder or under the Note to the extent it evidences any
Fixed Rate Portion (other than by a change in taxation of the overall net income
or gross receipts of the Bank); or







(iv)
impose on the Bank any penalty with respect to the foregoing or any other
condition regarding this Agreement, any Fixed Rate Portion, or its disbursement,
or the Note to the extent it evidences any Fixed Rate Portion;







and the Bank shall
determine that the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost (whether by
incurring a cost or adding to a cost) to the Bank of creating or maintaining any Fixed
Rate Portion hereunder or to reduce the amount of principal or interest received or
receivable by the Bank (without benefit of, or credit for, any prorations, exemption,
credits, or other offsets available under any such laws, treaties, regulations,
guidelines, or interpretations thereof), then the Borrower shall pay on demand to the Bank
from time to time as specified by the Bank such additional amounts as the Bank shall
reasonably determine are sufficient to compensate and indemnify it for such increased cost
or reduced amount. If the Bank makes such a claim for compensation, it shall provide to
the Borrower a certificate setting forth the computation of the increased cost or reduced
amount as a result of any event mentioned herein in reasonable detail and such certificate
shall be conclusive if reasonably determined.



Section 2.8.
Funding Indemnity. In the event the Bank shall incur any loss, cost, or
expense (including, without limitation, any loss, cost, or expense incurred by
reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired or
contracted to be acquired by the Bank to fund or maintain any Fixed Rate Portion
or the relending or reinvesting of such deposits or other funds or amounts paid
or prepaid to the Bank) as a result of:



(i)
any payment of a Fixed Rate Portion on a date other than the last day of the
then applicable Interest Period for any reason, whether before or after default,
and whether or not such payment is required by any provision of this Agreement;
or







(ii)
any failure by the Borrower to create, borrow, continue, or effect by conversion
a Fixed Rate Portion on the date specified in a notice given pursuant to this
Agreement;







then upon the demand of
the Bank, the Borrower shall pay to the Bank such amount as will reimburse the Bank for
such loss, cost, or expense. If the Bank requests such a reimbursement, it shall provide
to the Borrower a certificate setting forth the computation of the loss, cost, or expense
giving rise to the request for reimbursement in reasonable detail and such certificate
shall be conclusive if reasonably determined.



Section 2.9.
Change in Capital Adequacy Requirements. If the Bank shall determine that
the adoption after the date hereof of any applicable law, rule, or regulation
regarding capital adequacy, or any change in any existing law, rule, or
regulation, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any
governmental authority, central bank, or comparable agency charged with the
interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by












the Bank (or any of           its
branches) with any request or directive regarding capital adequacy (whether           or
not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank, or           comparable
agency, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return           on the Bank’s
capital as a consequence of its obligations hereunder or for           the credit which
is the subject matter hereof to a level below that which the           Bank could have
achieved but for such adoption, change, or compliance (taking           into
consideration the Bank’s policies with respect to liquidity and           capital
adequacy) by an amount deemed by the Bank to be material, then from time           to
time, within 15 days after demand by the Bank, the Borrower shall pay to
the Bank such additional amount or amounts reasonably determined by the Bank as
will compensate the Bank for such reduction.



Section 2.10.
Lending Branch. The Bank may, at its option, elect to make, fund or
maintain Portions of the Loans hereunder at such of its branches or offices as
the Bank may from time to time elect. To the extent reasonably possible, the
Bank shall designate an alternate branch or funding office with respect to the
Fixed Rate Portions to reduce any liability of the Borrower to the Bank under
Section 2.7 hereof or to avoid the unavailability of an interest rate option
under Section 2.6 hereof, so long as such designation is not otherwise
disadvantageous to the Bank.



Section 2.11.
Discretion of Bank as to Manner of Funding. Notwithstanding any provision
of this Agreement to the contrary, the Bank shall be entitled to fund and
maintain its funding of all or any part of the Note in any manner it sees fit,
it being understood, however, that for the purposes of this Agreement all
determinations hereunder (including, without limitation, determinations under
Sections 2.6, 2.7, and 2.8 hereof) shall be made as if the Bank had
actually funded and maintained each Fixed Rate Portion during each Interest
Period applicable thereto through the purchase of deposits in the relevant
market in the amount of such Fixed Rate Portion, having a maturity corresponding
to such Interest Period, and, in the case of any LIBOR Portion, bearing an
interest rate equal to the LIBOR for such Interest Period.



SECTION 3.
FEES, PREPAYMENTS, TERMINATIONS AND APPLICATIONS.



Section 3.1.
Fees.



(a)
Commitment Fee. For the period from and including the date hereof to but
not including the Termination Date, the Borrower shall pay to the Bank a
commitment fee at the rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin (computed on
the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of days elapsed) on the
average daily unused portion of the Commitment. Such commitment fee shall be
payable quarterly in arrears on the last day of each March,
June, September and December in each year (commencing on the first such date
occurring after the date hereof) and on the Termination Date.



(b)
Letter of Credit Fees. On the date of issuance or extension, or increase
in the amount, of any standby Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 1.3
hereof, the Borrower shall pay to the Bank an issuance fee equal to 0.125% of
the face amount of (or of the increase in the face amount of) such standby
Letter of Credit. On the last day of each March, June, September, and December
of each year (commencing on the first such date occurring after the date hereof)
to and including, and on, the Termination Date, the Borrower shall pay to the
Bank a letter of credit fee













at the rate per annum equal to the
Applicable Margin           (computed on the basis of a year of 360 days for the
actual number of days           elapsed) on the daily average amount of Letters of Credit
outstanding during the           preceding calendar quarter. In addition to the letter of
credit fee called for           above, the Borrower further agrees to pay to the Bank
such issuing, processing,           and transaction fees and charges as the Bank from
time to time customarily           imposes in connection with any issuance, amendment,
cancellation, negotiation,           and/or payment of letters of credit and drafts drawn
thereunder.



Section 3.2.
Voluntary Prepayments. The Borrower shall have the privilege of prepaying
the Loans in whole or in part (but, if in part, then (i) if such Loan or
Loans constitutes part of the Base Rate Portion, in an amount not less than
$100,000, (ii) if such Loan or Loans constitutes part of a Fixed Rate
Portion, in an amount not less than $100,000, and (iii) in each case, in an
amount such that the minimum amount required for a Loan pursuant to
Section 2.2 hereof remain outstanding) at any time upon prior notice
to the Bank (such notice if received subsequent to 11:00 a.m. (Chicago
time) on a given day to be treated as though received at the opening of business
on the next Business Day) by paying to the Bank the principal amount to be
prepaid and (i) if such a prepayment prepays the Note in full and is
accompanied by the termination of the Commitment in whole, accrued interest
thereon to the date of prepayment, and (ii)  in the case of any prepayment
of a Fixed Rate Portion of the Loans, accrued interest thereon to the date of
prepayment plus any amounts due the Bank under Section 2.8 hereof.



Section 3.3.
Terminations.  The Borrower shall have the right, at any time
and from time to time, upon 5 Business Days prior notice to the Bank, to
terminate without premium or penalty and in whole or in part (but if in part,
then in an amount not less than $2,500,000) the Commitment, provided that
the Commitment may not be reduced to an amount less than the aggregate principal
amount of the Loans and Letters of Credit then outstanding. Any termination of
the Commitment pursuant to this Section may not be reinstated.



Section 3.4.
Place and Application of Payments. All payments of principal, interest,
fees, and all other Obligations payable under the Loan Documents shall be made
to the Bank at its office at 111 West Monroe Street, Chicago, Illinois (or at
such other place as the Bank may specify) no later than 1:00 p.m. (Chicago
time) on the date any such payment is due and payable. Payments received by the
Bank after 1:00 p.m. (Chicago time) shall be deemed received as of the
opening of business on the next Business Day. All such payments shall be made in
lawful money of the United States of America, in immediately available funds at
the place of payment, without set-off or counterclaim and without reduction for,
and free from, any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties,
fees, charges, deductions, withholdings, restrictions, and conditions of any
nature imposed by any government or any political subdivision or taxing
authority thereof (but excluding any taxes imposed on or measured by the net
income of the Bank). Unless the Borrower otherwise directs, principal payments
shall be applied first to the Base Rate Portion until payment in full thereof,
with any balance applied to the Fixed Rate Portions in the order in which their
Interest Periods expire. The Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes the Bank to
(a) charge from time to time any of the Borrower’s deposit accounts
with the Bank and/or (b)  make Loans from time to time hereunder (and any
such Loan may be made by the Bank hereunder without regard to the provisions of
Section 7 hereof), in each case for payment of any Obligation then due and
payable (whether such Obligation is for interest then












due on a Loan,
reimbursement under an Application or otherwise); provided that the Bank
shall not be under any obligation to charge any such deposit account or make
any           such Loan under this Section, and the Bank shall incur no liability to the
Borrower or any other Person for its failure to do so.



Section 3.5.
Notations. All Loans made against the Note, the status of all amounts
evidenced by the Note as constituting part of the Base Rate Portion or a Fixed
Rate Portion, and, in the case of any Fixed Rate Portion, the rates of interest
and Interest Periods applicable to such Portions shall be recorded by the Bank
on its books and records or, at its option in any instance, endorsed on a
schedule to the Note and the unpaid principal balance and status, rates and
Interest Periods so recorded or endorsed by the Bank shall be prima facie
evidence in any court or other proceeding brought to enforce the Note of the
principal amount remaining unpaid thereon, the status of the Loans evidenced
thereby and the interest rates and Interest Periods applicable thereto;
provided that the failure of the Bank to record any of the foregoing
shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the
principal amount of the Note together with accrued interest thereon. Prior to
any negotiation of the Note, the Bank shall record on a schedule thereto the
status of all amounts evidenced thereby as constituting part of the Base Rate
Portion or a Fixed Rate Portion and, in the case of any Fixed Rate Portion, the
rates of interest and the Interest Periods applicable thereto.


SECTION 4.    GUARANTIES.



The
payment and performance of the Obligations shall at all times be guaranteed by each direct
and indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) pursuant to
one or more guaranty agreements in form and substance acceptable to the Bank, as the same
may be amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time (individually a
“Guaranty” and collectively the “Guaranties”);
provided, however, that, unless otherwise required by the Bank during the existence
of any Event of Default, a Foreign Subsidiary shall not be required to be a Guarantor
hereunder if providing such Guaranty would cause an adverse effect on the Borrower’s
federal income tax liability. In the event the Borrower or any Subsidiary forms or
acquires any other Subsidiary after the date hereof, except as otherwise provided above,
the Borrower shall promptly upon such formation or acquisition cause such newly formed or
acquired Subsidiary to execute a Guaranty, and the Borrower shall also deliver to the
Bank, or cause such Subsidiary to deliver to the Bank, at the Borrower’s cost and
expense, such other instruments, documents, certificates, and opinions reasonably required
by the Bank in connection therewith.



SECTION 5.
DEFINITIONS; INTERPRETATION.



Section 5.1.
Definitions. The following terms when used herein shall have the
following meanings:












“Adjusted
LIBOR” means a rate per annum determined by the Bank in accordance with the
following formula:



Adjusted LIBOR    =	                 LIBOR
100%-Reserve Percentage






“Reserve
Percentage” means, for the purpose of computing Adjusted LIBOR, the maximum rate
of all reserve requirements (including, without limitation, any marginal, emergency,
supplemental or other special reserves) imposed by the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System (or any successor) under Regulation D on Eurocurrency liabilities (as such
term is defined in Regulation D) for the applicable Interest Period as of the first day of
such Interest Period, but subject to any amendments to such reserve requirement by such
Board or its successor, and taking into account any transitional adjustments thereto
becoming effective during such Interest Period. For purposes of this definition, LIBOR
Portions shall be deemed to be Eurocurrency liabilities as defined in Regulation D without
benefit of or credit for prorations, exemptions or offsets under Regulation D.
“LIBOR” means, for each Interest Period, (a) the LIBOR Index Rate
for such Interest Period, if such rate is available, and (b) if the LIBOR Index Rate
cannot be determined, the arithmetic average of the rates of interest per annum (rounded
upward, if necessary, to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) at which deposits in U.S. Dollars
in immediately available funds are offered to the Bank at 11:00 a.m. (London, England
time) 2 Business Days before the beginning of such Interest Period by 3 or more major
banks in the interbank eurodollar market selected by the Bank for a period equal to such
Interest Period and in an amount equal or comparable to the applicable LIBOR Portion
scheduled to be outstanding from the Bank during such Interest Period. “LIBOR
Index Rate” means, for any Interest Period, the rate per annum (rounded upwards,
if necessary, to the next higher one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point) for
deposits in U.S. Dollars for a period equal to such Interest Period which appears on
the Telerate Page 3750 as of 11:00 a.m. (London, England time) on the date 2
Business Days before the commencement of such Interest Period. “Telerate
Page 3750” means the display designated as “Page 3750” on the
Telerate Service (or such other page as may replace Page 3750 on that service or such
other service as may be nominated by the British Bankers’ Association as the
information vendor for the purpose of displaying British Bankers’ Association
Interest Settlement Rates for U.S. Dollar deposits). Each determination of LIBOR made
by the Bank shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error.



“Affiliate”
means any Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by, or under direct or
indirect common control with, another Person. A Person shall be deemed to control another
Person for purposes of this definition if such Person possesses, directly or indirectly,
the power to direct, or cause the direction of, the management and policies of the other
Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, common directors, trustees or
officers, by contract or otherwise.



“Agreement”
means this Credit Agreement, as the same may be amended, modified, or restated from
time to time in accordance with the terms hereof.



“Applicable
Margin” means, with respect to Loans, reimbursement obligations with respect to
Letters of Credit, and the commitment fees and letter of credit fees payable under















Section 3.1 hereof, until the
first Pricing Date, the rates per annum shown opposite Level III below, and
thereafter from one Pricing Date to the next the Applicable Margin means the rates per
annum determined in accordance with the following schedule:


LEVEL	DEBT TO EBITDA

RATIO FOR SUCH

PRICING DATE         	APPLICABLE MARGIN

FOR BASE RATE

PORTION AND

REIMBURSEMENT

OBLIGATIONS WITH

RESPECT TO LETTERS

OF CREDIT SHALL BE:            	APPLICABLE MARGIN

FOR LIBOR

PORTIONS AND

OFFERED RATE

PORTIONS AND

LETTER OF CREDIT

FEE SHALL BE:          	APPLICABLE

MARGIN FOR

COMMITMENT FEE

SHALL BE:

IV	 	Greater than or
equal to 2.00 to
1.00	 	0%	 	0.850%	 	.250%

III	 	Less than 2.00 to
1.00, but greater
than or equal to
1.50 to 1.00	 	0%		0.6375%	 	.200%

II	 	Less than 1.50 to
1.00, but greater
than or equal to
1.00 to 1	 	0%		0.500%	 	.150%

I	 	Less than 1.00 to 1	 	0%		0.425%	 	.125%





For purposes hereof, the
term “Pricing Date” means, for any fiscal quarter of the Borrower ending
on or after December 27, 2003, the date on which the Bank is in receipt of the
Borrower’s most recent financial statements (and, in the case of the year-end
financial statements, audit report) for the fiscal quarter then ended, pursuant to
Section 8.5 hereof. The Applicable Margin shall be established based on the Debt
to EBITDA Ratio for the most recently completed fiscal quarter and the Applicable Margin
established on a Pricing Date shall remain in effect until the next Pricing Date. If the
Borrower has not delivered its financial statements by the date such financial statements
(and, in the case of the year-end financial statements, audit report) are required to be
delivered under Section 8.5 hereof, until such financial statements and audit report
are delivered, the Applicable Margin shall be the highest Applicable Margin (i.e.,
Level IV shall apply). If the Borrower subsequently deliver such financial statements
before the next Pricing Date, the Applicable Margin established by such late delivered
financial statements shall take effect from the date of delivery until the next Pricing
Date. In all other circumstances, the Applicable Margin established by such financial
statements shall be in effect from the Pricing Date that occurs immediately after the end
of the fiscal quarter covered by such financial statements until the next Pricing Date.
Each determination of the Applicable Margin made by the Bank in accordance with the
foregoing shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrower if reasonably determined.



“Application”
is defined in Section 1.3 hereof.














“Authorized
Representative” means those persons shown on the list of officers provided by the
Borrower pursuant to Section 7.2 hereof or on any update of any such list provided by
the Borrower to the Bank, or any further or different officer of the Borrower so named by
any Authorized Representative of the Borrower in a written notice to the Bank.



“Bank”
is defined in the introductory paragraph hereof.



“Base
Rate” means, for any day, the greater of (a) the rate of interest announced
by the Bank from time to time as its prime commercial rate, as in effect on such day (it
being understood and agreed that such rate may not be the Bank’s best or lowest
rate), and (b) the sum of (i) the rate determined by the Bank to be the average
(rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next higher 1/100 of 1%) of the rates per annum
quoted to the Bank at approximately 10:00 a.m. (Chicago time) (or as soon thereafter
as is practicable) on such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the immediately
preceding Business Day) by two or more Federal funds brokers selected by the Bank for the
sale to the Bank at face value of Federal funds in an amount equal or comparable to the
principal amount owed to the Bank for which such rate is being determined, plus
(ii) 1/2 of 1%.



“Base
Rate Portion” is defined in Section 2.1(a) hereof.



“Borrower”
is defined in the introductory paragraph hereof.



“Business
Day” means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which the Bank is not
authorized or required to close in Chicago, Illinois and, when used with respect to LIBOR
Portions, a day on which the Bank is also dealing in United States Dollar deposits in
London, England, and Nassau, Bahamas.



“Capital
Lease” means any lease of Property which in accordance with GAAP is required to
be capitalized on the balance sheet of the lessee.



“Capitalized
Lease Obligation” means the amount of the liability shown on the balance sheet of
any Person in respect of a Capital Lease determined in accordance with GAAP.



“Change
of Control” means any of (a) the acquisition by any
“person” or “group” (as such terms are used in
sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) at any
time of beneficial ownership of 33 1/3% or more of the outstanding capital stock or other
equity interests of the Borrower on a fully-diluted basis, (b) the failure of
individuals who are members of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of the
Borrower on the Closing Date (together with any new or replacement directors whose initial
nomination for election was approved by a majority of the directors who were either
directors on the Closing Date or previously so approved) to constitute a majority of the
board of directors (or similar governing body) of the Borrower, or (c) any
“Change of Control” (or words of like import), as defined in any agreement or
indenture relating to any issue of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, shall occur.















“Code”
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor statute thereto.



“Commitment”
is defined in Section 1.1 hereof.



“Consolidated
Net Earnings” means, for any period, the net earnings (or net loss) of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period as computed on a consolidated basis in
accordance with GAAP consistently applied, and without limiting the foregoing, after
deduction from gross income of all expenses, including provisions for all taxes on or
measured by income, but excluding any extraordinary profits or losses on the sale or other
disposition of fixed or capital assets or on the acquisition, retirement, sale or other
disposition of stock or securities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and also excluding
any taxes on such profits and any tax deductions or credits on account of any such losses.



“Consolidated
Net Worth” means, at any time, the excess of total assets of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries over the total liabilities and reserves of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
computed on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied.



“Controlled
Group” means all members of a controlled group of corporations and all trades or
businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control which, together with the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, are treated as a single employer under
Section 414 of the Code.



“Debt
to EBITDA Ratio” means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower,
the ratio of (a) Funded Debt as of such day to (b) EBITDA for the four fiscal
quarter period ending on such day.



“Default”
means any event or condition the occurrence of which would, with the passage of time or
the giving of notice, or both, constitute an Event of Default.



“Domestic
Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary other than a Foreign Subsidiary.



“EBIT”
means, with reference to any period, Consolidated Net Earnings for such period plus all
amounts deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Earnings in respect of (a) Interest
Expense and (b) taxes imposed on or measured by income or excess profits.



“EBITDA”
means, with reference to any period, Consolidated Net Earnings for such period plus all
amounts deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Earnings in respect of
(a) Interest Expense, (b) taxes imposed on or measured by income or excess
profits, and (c) depreciation, depletion and amortization.



“ERISA”
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or any successor
statute thereto.



“Event
of Default” means any event or condition identified as such in Section 9.1
hereof.















“Fixed
Rate Portions” means and includes LIBOR Portions and Offered Rate Portions,
unless the context in which such term is used shall otherwise require.



“Foreign
Subsidiary” means each Subsidiary which (a) is organized under the laws of a
jurisdiction other than the United States of America or any state thereof,
(b) conducts substantially all of its business outside of the United States of
America, and (c) has substantially all of its assets outside of the United States of
America.



“Funded
Debt” means, at any time the same is to be determined, the sum (but without
duplication) of (a) all Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries at such time, and (b) all Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other
Person which is directly or indirectly guaranteed by the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries or which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has agreed (contingently or
otherwise) to purchase or otherwise acquire or in respect of which the Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries has otherwise assured a creditor against loss.



“GAAP”
means generally accepted accounting principles set forth from time to time in the opinions
and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of
Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (or agencies with similar functions of comparable stature and authority
within the U.S. accounting profession), which are applicable to the circumstances as of
the date of determination.



“Guaranty”
and “Guaranties” each is defined in Section 4 hereof.



“Immaterial
Subsidiaries” means DW Holding, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, WH
One, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and WH Two, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company.



“Indebtedness
for Borrowed Money” means for any Person (without duplication) (a) all
indebtedness created, assumed or incurred in any manner by such Person representing money
borrowed (including by the issuance of debt securities), (b) all indebtedness for the
deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable arising
in the ordinary course of business), (c) all indebtedness secured by any Lien upon
Property of such Person, whether or not such Person has assumed or become liable for the
payment of such indebtedness, (d) all Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person,
and (e) all obligations of such Person on or with respect to letters of credit,
bankers’ acceptances and other extensions of credit whether or not representing
obligations for borrowed money.



“Interest
Coverage Ratio” means, as of any time the same is to be determined, the ratio of
(a) EBIT during the twelve most recently completed calendar months to
(b) Interest Expense during the same period.



“Interest
Expense” shall mean with reference to any period all interest charges (including
imputed interest on Capitalized Lease Obligations) and amortization of debt discount and














expense with respect to all Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries during such period.



“Interest
Period” means, with respect to (a) any LIBOR Portion, the period commencing
on, as the case may be, the creation, continuation or conversion date with respect to such
LIBOR Portion and ending 1, 2, 3, or 6 months thereafter as selected by the Borrower
in its notice as provided herein and (b) any Offered Rate Portion, the period
commencing on, as the case may be, the creation, continuation or conversion date with
respect to such Offered Rate Portion and ending 5 to 180 days thereafter as selected
by the Borrower in its notice as provided herein; provided that all of the foregoing
provisions relating to Interest Periods are subject to the following:



(i)
if any Interest Period would otherwise end on a day which is not a Business Day,
that Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day,
unless in the case of an Interest Period for a LIBOR Portion the result of such
extension would be to carry such Interest Period into another calendar month in
which event such Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business
Day;







(ii)
no Interest Period may extend beyond the final maturity date of the Note; and







(iii)
the interest rate to be applicable to each Portion for each Interest Period
shall apply from and including the first day of such Interest Period to but
excluding the last day thereof.







For purposes of
determining an Interest Period, a month means a period starting on one day in a calendar
month and ending on a numerically corresponding day in the next calendar month,
provided, however, if an Interest Period begins on the last day of a month or if
there is no numerically corresponding day in the month in which an Interest Period is to
end, then such Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of such month.



“Letter
of Credit” and “Letters of Credit” each is defined in Section
1.3 hereof.



“LIBOR
Portions” is defined in Section 2.1(a) hereof.



“Lien”
means any mortgage, lien, security interest, pledge, charge, or encumbrance of any
kind in respect of any Property, including the interests of a vendor or lessor under any
conditional sale, Capital Lease or other title retention arrangement.



“Loan”
and “Loans” each is defined in Section 1.2 hereof.



“Loan
Documents” means this Agreement, the Note, the Applications, the Guaranties, and
each other instrument or document to be delivered hereunder or thereunder or otherwise in
connection therewith.















“Material
Adverse Effect” means (a) a material adverse change in, or material adverse
effect upon, the operations, business, Property, condition (financial or otherwise) or
prospects of the Borrower or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole,
(b) a material impairment of the ability of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to perform
its obligations under any Loan Document, or (c) a material adverse effect upon the
legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against the Borrower or any
Subsidiary of any Loan Document or the rights and remedies of the Bank thereunder.



“Moody’s”
means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc.



“Note”
is defined in Section 1.2 hereof.



“Obligations”
means all obligations of the Borrower to pay principal and interest on the Loans, all
reimbursement obligations owing under the Applications, all fees and charges payable
hereunder, and all other payment obligations of the Borrower arising under or in relation
to any Loan Document, in each case whether now existing or hereafter arising, due or to
become due, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, and howsoever evidenced, held, or
acquired.



“Offered
Rate” means the rate per annum quoted to the Borrower by the Bank for the
applicable Interest Period, such Offered Rate being subject at all times to the provisions
of Section 2.1(d) hereof.



“Offered
Rate Portions” is defined in Section 2.1(a) hereof.



“PBGC”
means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any Person succeeding to any or all of
its functions under ERISA.



“Person”
means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, association,
trust, unincorporated organization, or any other entity or organization, including a
government or agency or political subdivision thereof.



“Plan”
means any employee pension benefit plan covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject to
the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code that either (a) is
maintained by a member of the Controlled Group for employees of a member of the Controlled
Group or (b) is maintained pursuant to a collective bargaining agreement or any other
arrangement under which more than one employer makes contributions and to which a member
of the Controlled Group is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions or
has within the preceding five plan years made contributions.



“Portion”
is defined in Section 2.1(a) hereof.



“Property”
means any interest in any kind of property or asset, whether real, personal or mixed, or
tangible or intangible.



“Revolving
Credit” is defined in Section 1.1 hereof.















“Subsidiary”
means any corporation or other Person more than 50% of the outstanding ordinary voting
shares or other equity interests of which is at the time directly or indirectly owned by
the Borrower, by one or more of its Subsidiaries, or by the Borrower and one or more of
its Subsidiaries.



“Termination
Date” means April 28, 2007, or such later date to which the Commitment is
extended pursuant to Section 1.5 hereof, or such earlier date on which the Commitment
is terminated in whole pursuant to Section 3.3, 9.2 or 9.3 hereof.



“Unfunded
Vested Liabilities” means, for any Plan at any time, the amount (if any)
by which the present value of all vested nonforfeitable accrued benefits under such Plan
exceeds the fair market value of all Plan assets allocable to such benefits, all
determined as of the then most recent valuation date for such Plan, but only to the extent
that such excess represents a potential liability of a member of the Controlled Group to
the PBGC or the Plan under Title IV of ERISA.



“Welfare
Plan” means a “welfare plan” as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA.



“Wholly-Owned
Subsidiary” means a Subsidiary of which all of the issued and outstanding shares
of capital stock (other than directors’ qualifying shares as required by law) or
other equity interests are owned by the Borrower and/or one or more Wholly-Owned
Subsidiaries within the meaning of this definition.



Section 5.2.
Interpretation. The foregoing definitions are equally applicable to both
the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. The words
“hereof”, “herein”, and
“hereunder” and words of like import when used in this
Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular
provision of this Agreement. All references to time of day herein are references
to Chicago, Illinois time unless otherwise specifically provided. Where the
character or amount of any asset or liability or item of income or expense is
required to be determined or any consolidation or other accounting computation
is required to be made for the purposes of this Agreement, it shall be done in
accordance with GAAP except where such principles are inconsistent with the
specific provisions of this Agreement.



SECTION 6.    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.



The
Borrower represents and warrants to the Bank as follows:



Section 6.1.
Organization and Qualification. The Borrower is duly organized, validly
existing, and in good standing as a corporation under the laws of the
State of Delaware, has full and adequate power to own its Property and conduct
its business as now conducted, and is duly licensed or qualified and in good
standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by
it or the nature of the Property owned or leased by it requires such licensing
or qualifying where the failure to do so could reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.



Section 6.2.
Subsidiaries. Each Subsidiary is duly organized, validly existing, and in
good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or
organized, as the














case may be, has full and adequate power to own its Property
and conduct its business as now conducted, and is duly licensed or qualified and
in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business
conducted by it or the nature of the Property owned or leased by it requires
such licensing or qualifying where the failure to do so could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Schedule 6.2 hereto identifies
each Subsidiary, the jurisdiction of its organization, the percentage of issued
and outstanding shares of each class of its capital stock or other equity
interests owned by the Borrower and the Subsidiaries and, if such percentage is
not 100% (excluding directors’ qualifying shares as required by law), a
description of each class of its authorized capital stock and other equity
interests and the number of shares of each class issued and outstanding. All of
the outstanding shares of capital stock and other equity interests of each
Subsidiary are validly issued and outstanding and fully paid and nonassessable
and all such shares and other equity interests indicated on Schedule 6.2 as
owned by the Borrower or a Subsidiary are owned, beneficially and of record, by
the Borrower or such Subsidiary free and clear of all Liens. There are no
outstanding commitments or other obligations of any Subsidiary to issue, and no
options, warrants or other rights of any Person to acquire, any shares of any
class of capital stock or other equity interests of any Subsidiary.



Section 6.3.
Authority and Validity of Obligations. The Borrower has full right
and authority to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, to make
the borrowings herein provided for, to issue its Note in evidence thereof, and
to perform all of its obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents.
Each Subsidiary has full right and authority to enter into the Loan Documents
executed by it, to guarantee the Obligations, and to perform all of its
obligations under the Loan Documents executed by it. The Loan Documents
delivered by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have been duly authorized,
executed, and delivered by such Persons and constitute valid and binding
obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries enforceable against them in
accordance with their terms except as enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, or similar laws affecting
creditors’ rights generally and general principles of equity (regardless of
whether the application of such principles is considered in a proceeding in
equity or at law); and this Agreement and the other Loan Documents do not, nor
does the performance or observance by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any of
the matters and things herein or therein provided for, (a) contravene or
constitute a default under any provision of law or any judgment, injunction,
order or decree binding upon the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any provision of
the organizational documents (e.g., charter, certificate or articles of
incorporation and by-laws, certificate or articles of association and operating
agreement, partnership agreement, or other similar organizational documents) of
the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any covenant, indenture or agreement of or
affecting the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their Property, or (b) result
in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any Property of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary other than the Liens granted to the Bank.



Section 6.4.
Use of Proceeds; Margin Stock. The Borrower shall use the proceeds of the
Loans and other extensions of credit made available hereunder for general
working capital purposes and for such other legal and proper purposes as are
consistent with all applicable laws. Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is
engaged in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or
carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System), and no part of the proceeds of any














extension of credit made hereunder will be used to purchase or carry any such
margin stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or
carrying any such margin stock.



Section 6.5.
Financial Reports. The consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as at September 27, 2003, and the related consolidated
statements of income, retained earnings, and cash flows of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries for the fiscal year then ended, and accompanying notes thereto,
which financial statements are accompanied by the audit report of Ernst &
Young LLP, independent public accountants, and the unaudited interim
consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at
December 27, 2003, and the related consolidated statements of income,
retained earnings, and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the
three months then ended, heretofore furnished to the Bank, fairly present the
consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at said
dates and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the
periods then ended in conformity with GAAP applied on a consistent basis.
Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary has contingent liabilities which are
material to it other than as indicated on such financial statements or, with
respect to future periods, on the financial statements furnished pursuant to
Section 8.5 hereof.



Section 6.6.
No Material Adverse Change. On the date hereof the Borrower hereby
represents that since September 27, 2003, there has been no change in the
condition (financial or otherwise) or business prospects of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary except those occurring in the ordinary course of business, none of
which individually or in the aggregate have been materially adverse.



Section 6.7.
Full Disclosure. The statements and information furnished to the Bank in
connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
and the commitment by the Bank to provide all or part of the financing
contemplated hereby do not contain any untrue statements of a material fact or
omit a material fact necessary to make the material statements contained herein
or therein not misleading, the Bank acknowledging that, as to any projections
furnished to the Bank, the Borrower only represents that the same were prepared
on the basis of information and estimates the Borrower believed to be
reasonable.



Section 6.8.
Trademarks, Franchises and Licenses. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries
own, possess or have the right to use all necessary patents, licenses,
franchises, trademarks, trade names, trade styles, copyrights, trade secrets,
know how, and confidential commercial and proprietary information to conduct
their businesses as now conducted, without known conflict with any patent,
license, franchise, trademark, trade name, trade style, copyright, or other
proprietary right of any other Person.



Section 6.9.
Governmental Authority and Licensing. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries
have received all licenses, permits, and approvals of all federal, state, local,
and foreign governmental authorities, if any, necessary to conduct their
businesses, in each case where the failure to obtain or maintain the same could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No investigation or
proceeding which, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to
result in revocation or denial of any material license, permit or approval is
pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened.















Section 6.10.
Good Title. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have good and defensible
title (or valid leasehold interests) to their assets as reflected on the most
recent consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries furnished
to the Bank (except for sales of assets by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in
the ordinary course of business), subject to no Liens other than such thereof as
are permitted by Section 8.8 hereof.



Section 6.11.
Litigation and Other Controversies. There is no litigation or
governmental or arbitration proceeding or labor controversy pending, nor to the
knowledge of the Borrower threatened, against the Borrower or any Subsidiary or
any of their Property which if adversely determined could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.



Section 6.12.
Taxes. All tax returns required to be filed by the Borrower or any
Subsidiary in any jurisdiction have, in fact, been filed, and all taxes,
assessments, fees, and other governmental charges upon the Borrower or any
Subsidiary or upon any of their Property, income or franchises, which are shown
to be due and payable in such returns, have been paid, except such taxes,
assessments, fees, and governmental charges, if any, as are being contested in
good faith and by appropriate proceedings which prevent enforcement of the
matter under contest and as to which adequate reserves established in accordance
with GAAP have been provided. The Borrower does not know of any proposed
additional tax assessment against it or its Subsidiaries for which adequate
provisions in accordance with GAAP have not been made on their accounts.
Adequate provisions in accordance with GAAP for taxes on the books of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries have been made for all open years, and for the
current fiscal period.



Section 6.13.
Approvals. No authorization, consent, license, or exemption from, or
filing or registration with, any court or governmental department, agency, or
instrumentality, nor any approval or consent of any other Person, is or will be
necessary to the valid execution, delivery, or performance by the Borrower or
any Subsidiary of any Loan Document.



Section 6.14.
Affiliate Transactions. Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is a
party to any contracts or agreements with any of its Affiliates on terms and
conditions which are less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than
would be usual and customary in similar contracts or agreements between Persons
not affiliated with each other.



Section 6.15.
Investment Company; Public Utility Holding Company. Neither the Borrower
nor any Subsidiary is an “investment company” or a company
“controlled” by an “investment company” within the meaning
of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or a “public utility
holding company” within the meaning of the Public Utility Holding Company
Act of 1935, as amended.



Section 6.16.
ERISA. The Borrower and each other member of its Controlled Group has
fulfilled its obligations under the minimum funding standards of, and is in
compliance in all material respects with, ERISA and the Code to the extent
applicable to it and has not incurred any liability to the PBGC or a Plan under
Title IV of ERISA other than a liability to the PBGC for premiums under
Section 4007 of ERISA. Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary has any














contingent liabilities with respect to any post-retirement benefits under a
Welfare Plan, other than liability for continuation coverage described in
article 6 of Title I of ERISA.



Section 6.17.
Compliance with Laws. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in compliance
with the requirements of all federal, state and local laws, rules and
regulations applicable to or pertaining to their Property or business operations
(including, without limitation, the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970,
the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, and laws and regulations
establishing quality criteria and standards for air, water, land and toxic or
hazardous wastes and substances), non-compliance with which, individually or in
the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary has received notice to the effect that
its operations are not in compliance with any of the requirements of applicable
federal, state or local environmental, health and safety statutes and
regulations or are the subject of any governmental investigation evaluating
whether any remedial action is needed to respond to a release of any toxic or
hazardous waste or substance into the environment, which non-compliance or
remedial action, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.



Section 6.18.
Other Agreements. Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is in default
under the terms of any covenant, indenture or agreement of or affecting the
Borrower, any Subsidiary or any of their Property, which default if uncured
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.



Section 6.19.
Solvency. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries are solvent, able to pay
their debts as they become due, and have sufficient capital to carry on their business and
all businesses in which they are about to engage.



Section 6.20.
No Default. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing.



SECTION 7.    CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.



The
obligation of the Bank to make any Loan or to issue any Letter of Credit under this
Agreement is subject to the following conditions precedent:



Section 7.1.
All Advances. As of the time of the making of each extension of credit
(including the initial extension of credit) hereunder:



(a)
each of the representations and warranties set forth in Section 6
hereof and in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct as of such
time, except to the extent the same expressly relate to an earlier date;







(b)
no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would
occur as a result of making such extension of credit;







(c)
in the case of the issuance of any Letter of Credit, the Bank shall have
received a properly completed Application therefor together with the fees called
for hereby; and



















(d)
such extension of credit shall not violate any order, judgment, or decree of any
court or other authority or any provision of law or regulation applicable to the
Bank (including, without limitation, Regulation U of the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System) as then in effect.







The Borrower’s
request for any Loan or Letter of Credit shall constitute its warranty as to the facts
specified in subsections (a) through (c), both inclusive, above.



Section 7.2.
Initial Advance. At or prior to the making of the initial extension of
credit hereunder, the following conditions precedent shall also have been
satisfied:



(a)
the Bank shall have received the following (and, with respect to all documents,
each to be properly executed and completed) and the same shall have been
approved as to form and substance by the Bank:






(i)
the Note;





(ii)       the Guaranty;





(iii)
copies (executed or certified as may be appropriate) of resolutions of the Board
of Directors or other governing body of the Borrower and of each Domestic
Subsidiary (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) authorizing the execution,
delivery, and performance of the Loan Documents;






(iv)
articles of incorporation (or equivalent organizational document) of the
Borrower and of each Domestic Subsidiary (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries)
certified by the appropriate governmental office of the state of its
organization;






(v)
by-laws (or equivalent organizational document) for the Borrower and for
each Domestic Subsidiary (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) certified by an
appropriate officer of such Person acceptable to the Bank;






(vi)
an incumbency certificate containing the name, title and genuine signature of
the Borrower’s Authorized Representatives; and






(vii)
good standing certificates for the Borrower and each Domestic Subsidiary (other
than Immaterial Subsidiaries), dated as of a date no earlier than 30 days prior
to the date hereof, from the appropriate governmental offices in the state of
its incorporation or organization and in each state in which it is qualified to
do business as a foreign organization (except that to the extent that good
standing certificates for the State of New Jersey are required for Aero-Motive
Company and Daniel Woodhead Company, such good standing certificates shall be
delivered to the Bank no later than May 31, 2004);


















(b)
the Bank shall have received such valuations and certifications as it may
require in order to satisfy itself as to the financial condition of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries, and the lack of material contingent liabilities of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries;






(c)
legal matters incident to the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents
and to the transactions contemplated hereby shall be satisfactory to the
Bank and its counsel; and the Bank shall have received the favorable written
opinion of counsel for the Borrower in form and substance satisfactory to the
Bank and its counsel; and






(d)
the Bank shall have received such other agreements, instruments, documents,
certificates and opinions as the Bank may reasonably request.






Section 7.3.
Termination of Prior Credit Facilities. The initial Loans hereunder shall
be in an amount sufficient to repay all indebtedness of the Borrower (other than
with respect to the existing letters of credit and Fixed Rate Loans referred to
below) owing under the Credit Agreement dated as of October 29, 1993, as
amended, between the Borrower and the Bank (the “Prior Credit
Agreement”) and the Borrower hereby agrees that concurrently with the
making of such initial Loans, all commitments under the Prior Credit Agreement
shall automatically terminate, provided, however, that (a) any
letters of credit issued under the Prior Credit Agreement which are currently
outstanding and any applications therefor shall remain outstanding as the
initial Letters of Credit and Applications outstanding hereunder and
(b) any Fixed Rate Loans (as such term is defined in the Prior Credit
Agreement) outstanding on the date hereof under the Prior Credit Agreement shall
continue through the last day of their respective Interest Periods as the
initial LIBOR Portions of Loans outstanding hereunder.



SECTION 8.    COVENANTS.



The
Borrower agrees that, so long as any credit is available to or in use by the Borrower
hereunder, except to the extent compliance in any case or cases is waived in writing by
the Bank:



Section 8.1.
Maintenance of Business. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each
Subsidiary (other than the Immaterial Subsidiaries) to, preserve and maintain
its existence, except as otherwise permitted by Section 8.10 hereof. The
Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, preserve and keep in force
and effect all licenses, permits and franchises necessary to the proper conduct
of its business, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the
aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.



Section 8.2.
Maintenance of Properties. The Borrower shall maintain, preserve, and
keep its property, plant, and equipment in good repair, working order and
condition (ordinary wear and tear excepted) and shall from
time to time make all needful and proper repairs, renewals, replacements,
additions, and betterments thereto so that at all times the efficiency thereof
shall be fully preserved and maintained, and shall cause each Subsidiary to do
so in respect of Property owned or used by it.















Section 8.3.
Taxes and Assessments. The Borrower shall duly pay and discharge, and
shall cause each Subsidiary to duly pay and discharge, all taxes, rates,
assessments, fees, and governmental charges upon or against it or its Property,
in each case before the same become delinquent and before penalties accrue
thereon, unless and to the extent that the same are being contested in good
faith and by appropriate proceedings which prevent enforcement of the matter
under contest and adequate reserves are provided therefor.



Section 8.4.
Insurance. The Borrower shall insure and keep insured, and shall cause
each Subsidiary to insure and keep insured, with good and responsible insurance
companies, all insurable Property owned by it which is of a character usually
insured by Persons similarly situated and operating like Properties against loss
or damage from such hazards and risks, and in such amounts, as are insured by
Persons similarly situated and operating like Properties; and the Borrower shall
insure, and shall cause each Subsidiary to insure, such other hazards and risks
(including employers’ and public liability risks) with good and responsible
insurance companies as and to the extent usually insured by Persons similarly
situated and conducting similar businesses. The Borrower shall upon request
furnish to the Bank a certificate setting forth in summary form the nature and
extent of the insurance maintained pursuant to this Section.



Section 8.5.
Financial Reports. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary
to, maintain a standard system of accounting in accordance with GAAP and shall
furnish to the Bank and its duly authorized representatives such information
respecting the business and financial condition of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as the Bank may reasonably request; and without any request, shall
furnish to the Bank:



(a)
as soon as available, and in any event within 45 days after the last day of
each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a
copy of the consolidated and consolidating balance sheet of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as of the last day of such period and the consolidated and
consolidating statements of income, retained earnings, and cash flows of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal quarter and the fiscal year-to-date
period then ended, each in reasonable detail showing in comparative form the
figures for the corresponding date and period in the previous fiscal year,
prepared by the Borrower in accordance with GAAP and certified to by its chief
financial officer, treasurer, or such other officer acceptable to the Bank;







(b)
as soon as available, and in any event within 90 days after the close of
each fiscal year of the Borrower, a copy of the consolidated and consolidating
balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the close of such
period and the consolidated and consolidating statements of income, retained
earnings, and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period,
and accompanying notes thereto, each in reasonable detail showing in comparative
form the figures for the previous fiscal year, accompanied by an unqualified
opinion thereon of independent public accountants of recognized standing,
selected by the Borrower and satisfactory to the Bank, to the effect that the
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and present
fairly in accordance with GAAP the consolidated financial condition of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal year and the
results of their operations and cash flows for the fiscal year then ended and
that an examination of such

















accounts in connection with such financial
statements has been made in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards and, accordingly, such examination included such tests of the
accounting records and such other auditing procedures as were considered
necessary in the circumstances;







(c)
promptly after the sending or filing thereof, copies of each financial
statement, report, notice or proxy statement sent by the Borrower or any
Subsidiary to its stockholders or other equity holders, and copies of each
regular, periodic or special report, registration statement or prospectus
(including all Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and Form 8-K reports) filed by the Borrower
or any Subsidiary with any securities exchange or the Securities and Exchange
Commission or any successor agency;







(d)
promptly after receipt thereof, any additional written reports, management
letters or other detailed information contained in writing concerning
significant aspects of the Borrower’s or any Subsidiary’s operations
and financial affairs given to it by its independent public accountants;







(e)
promptly after knowledge thereof shall have come to the attention of any
responsible officer of the Borrower, written notice of (i) any threatened
or pending litigation or governmental or arbitration proceeding or labor
controversy against the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their Property
which, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect, (ii) any Change of Control, or (iii) the occurrence of
any Default or Event of Default hereunder; and







(f)
as soon as available, and in any event within 45 days after the last day of
each fiscal quarter of the Borrower (other than the last fiscal quarter of each
fiscal year, in which it shall be within 90 days after the last day), the
Borrower shall deliver to the Bank a written certificate in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit B signed by the chief financial officer or treasurer of
the Borrower, or such other officer of the Borrower satisfactory to the Bank, to
the effect that to the best of such officer’s knowledge and belief no
Default or Event of Default has occurred during the period covered by such
statements or, if any such Default or Event of Default has occurred during such
period, setting forth a description of such Default or Event of Default and
specifying the action, if any, taken by the Borrower to remedy the same together
with calculations supporting such statements in respect of Section 8.20 of
this Agreement.







Section 8.6.
Inspection. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to,
permit the Bank and its duly authorized representatives and agents to visit and
inspect any of the Properties, corporate books and financial records of the
Borrower and each Subsidiary, to examine and make copies of the books of
accounts and other financial records of the Borrower and each Subsidiary, and to
discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Borrower and each Subsidiary
with, and to be advised as to the same by, its officers, employees, and
independent public accountants (and by this provision the Borrower hereby
authorizes such accountants to discuss with the Bank the finances and affairs of
the Borrower and of each Subsidiary) at such reasonable times and reasonable
intervals as the Bank may designate.













Section 8.7.
Borrowings and Guaranties. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit
any Subsidiary to, issue, incur, assume, create, or have outstanding any
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, or be or become liable as endorser, guarantor,
surety, or otherwise for any debt, obligation, or undertaking of any other
Person, or otherwise agree to provide funds for payment of the obligations of
another, or supply funds thereto or invest therein or otherwise assure a
creditor of another against loss, or apply for or become liable to the issuer of
a letter of credit which supports an obligation of another, or subordinate any
claim or demand it may have to the claim or demand of any other Person;
provided, however, that the foregoing shall not restrict nor operate to
prevent:



(a)
the Obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries owing to the Bank under the
Loan Documents and other indebtedness and obligations of such Persons owing to
the Bank;







(b)
purchase money indebtedness and Capitalized Lease Obligations of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries in an amount not to exceed $2,000,000 in the aggregate at
any one time outstanding;







(c)
obligations of the Borrower arising out of interest rate and foreign currency
hedging agreements entered into with financial institutions in the ordinary
course of business;







(d)
endorsement of items for deposit or collection of commercial paper received in
the ordinary course of business;







(e)
indebtedness owing to the holders of the Woodhead Finance Noteholders (as
defined in the Intercreditor Agreement hereinafter referred to) issued pursuant
to those certain Note Purchase Agreements dated as of September 1, 1998,
between such Woodhead Finance Noteholders and the Borrower in the aggregate
principal amount not exceeding $36,600,000, as reduced by repayment of principal
thereon;







(f)
indebtedness from time to time owing by any Domestic Subsidiary (other than an
Immaterial Subsidiary) or the Borrower to one another in the ordinary course of
business;







(g)
indebtedness from time to time owing by one or more Foreign Subsidiaries to the
Borrower or any Domestic Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business in the
aggregate principal amount not exceeding the US dollar equivalent of $50,000,000
at any one time outstanding;







(h)
indebtedness of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries owing to foreign banks not to
exceed the aggregate principal amount (in U.S. dollar equivalent) of
$25,000,000 at any one time outstanding;







(i)
guaranties in favor of the Bank or any Affiliate thereof; guaranties by
Subsidiaries of the Borrower organized within the United States or any state
thereof of


















the obligations of the
Borrower and Woodhead Finance Company under
the Note Purchase Agreements described in the Intercreditor Agreement dated as
of September 1, 1998 (the “Intercreditor Agreement”),
among the Bank, the Company Noteholders (as defined in the Intercreditor
Agreement) and the Woodhead Finance Noteholders (as defined in the Intercreditor
Agreement); and guaranties by the Borrower of up to $15,000,000 of Indebtedness
for Borrowed Money of Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries (including foreign bank
financings described in Section 8.7(h) hereof); and







(j)
unsecured indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries not otherwise
permitted by this Section in an amount not to exceed $5,000,000 in the aggregate
at any one time outstanding.







Section 8.8.
Liens. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to,
create, incur or permit to exist any Lien of any kind on any Property owned by
any such Person; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not apply to
nor operate to prevent:



(a)
Liens arising by statute in connection with worker’s compensation,
unemployment insurance, old age benefits, social security obligations, taxes,
assessments, statutory obligations, or other similar charges (other than Liens
arising under ERISA), good faith cash deposits in connection with tenders,
contracts, or leases to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is a party or other
cash deposits required to be made in the ordinary course of business, provided
in each case that the obligation is not for borrowed money and that the
obligation secured is not overdue or, if overdue, is being contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings which prevent enforcement of the matter under
contest and adequate reserves have been established therefor;







(b)
mechanics’, workmen’s, materialmen’s, landlords’,
carriers’, or other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of
business with respect to obligations which are not due or which are being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings which prevent enforcement of
the matter under contest;







(c)
the pledge of assets for the purpose of securing an appeal, stay or discharge in
the course of any legal proceeding, provided that the aggregate amount of
liabilities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries secured by a pledge of assets
permitted under this subsection, including interest and penalties thereon, if
any, shall not be in excess of $1,000,000 at any one time outstanding;







(d)
Liens on equipment of the Borrower or any Subsidiary created solely for the
purpose of securing indebtedness permitted by Section 8.7(b) hereof,
representing or incurred to finance the purchase price of such Property,
provided that no such Lien shall extend to or cover other Property of the
Borrower or such Subsidiary other than the respective Property so acquired, and
the principal amount of indebtedness secured by any such Lien shall at no time
exceed the original purchase price of such Property, as reduced by repayments of
principal thereon;







(e)
any interest or title of a lessor under any operating lease;



















(f)
easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, and other similar encumbrances against
real property incurred in the ordinary course of business which, in the
aggregate, are not substantial in amount and which do not materially detract
from the value of the Property subject thereto or materially interfere with the
ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; and







(g)
Liens on the Property of a Foreign Subsidiary as security for indebtedness of
such Foreign Subsidiary owing to a foreign bank permitted by Section 8.7(h)
hereof.







Section 8.9.
Investments, Acquisitions, Loans and Advances. The Borrower shall not,
nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, make, retain, or
have outstanding any investments (whether through purchase of stock or
obligations or otherwise) in, or loans or advances to, any other Person, or
acquire all or any substantial part of the assets or business of any other
Person or division thereof; provided, however, that the foregoing shall
not apply to nor operate to prevent:



(a)
investments in direct obligations of the United States of America or of any
agency or instrumentality thereof whose obligations constitute full faith and
credit obligations of the United States of America, provided that any such
obligations shall mature within one year of the date of issuance thereof;







(b)
investments in commercial paper rated at least P-1 by Moody’s and at least
A-1 by S&P maturing within one year of the date of issuance thereof;







(c)
investments in certificates of deposit issued by the Bank or by any United
States commercial bank having capital and surplus of not less than $100,000,000
which have a maturity of one year or less;







(d)
investments in repurchase obligations with a term of not more than 7 days
for underlying securities of the types described in subsection (a) above
entered into with any bank meeting the qualifications specified in
subsection (c) above, provided all such agreements require physical
delivery of the securities securing such repurchase agreement, except those
delivered through the Federal Reserve Book Entry System;







(e)
investments in direct obligations of a state of the United States, or a
municipality thereof, given the highest rating by both Moody’s and S&P,
maturing not more than one year from the date of acquisition thereof;







(f)
investments in money market funds that invest principally, and which are
restricted by their respective charters to invest principally, in investments of
the type described in the immediately preceding subsections (a), (b), (c),
(d), and (e) above;







(g)
investments made by the Borrower and its Domestic Subsidiaries from time to time
in other Domestic Subsidiaries, and intercompany advances made by the Borrower
and its Domestic Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) from time to


















time to other Domestic Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) in the
ordinary course of business;







(h)
the Borrower’s investment existing on the date of this Agreement in its
Foreign Subsidiaries; and additional investments in Foreign Subsidiaries made
after the date of this Agreement, and intercompany advances by the Borrower and
its Domestic Subsidiaries from time to time to Foreign Subsidiaries in the
ordinary course of business, in an aggregate principal amount (for all such
additional investments and all intercompany advances) not to exceed the US
dollar equivalent of $50,000,000 at any one time outstanding;







(i)
travel advances and other similar cash advances made to employees in the
ordinary course of business;







(j)
acquisitions by the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial
Subsidiary) of substantially all of the assets or business of any Person if
(w) in the event such acquisition results in the formation or acquisition
of a new Subsidiary, such Subsidiary is a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary upon
consummation of such acquisition and, to the extent such Subsidiary is a
Domestic Subsidiary, the Borrower has complied with Section 4 hereof with
respect thereto, (x) at the time such acquisition is consummated and after
giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default exists or would exist,
(y) the Borrower will be in pro forma compliance with all the financial
ratios and restrictions set forth in Section 8 after giving effect to such
acquisition and (z) the board of directors or other governing body of any
such Person proposed to be acquired has not announced that it will oppose such
acquisition and has not commenced any litigation which alleges that such
acquisition violates, or will violate, any requirement of law or any contractual
obligation of such Person; and







(k)
other investments, loans and advances in addition to those otherwise permitted
by this Section in an amount not to exceed $7,500,000 in the aggregate at any
one time outstanding.







In determining the
amount of investments, acquisitions, loans, and advances permitted under this Section,
investments and acquisitions shall always be taken at the original cost thereof
(regardless of any subsequent appreciation or depreciation therein), and loans and
advances shall be taken at the principal amount thereof then remaining unpaid.



Section 8.10.
Mergers, Consolidations and Sales. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it
permit any Subsidiary to, be a party to any merger or consolidation, or sell,
transfer, lease, or otherwise dispose of all or any part of its Property,
including any disposition of Property as part of a sale and leaseback
transaction, or in any event sell or discount (with or without recourse) any of
its notes or accounts receivable; provided, however, that this Section
shall not apply to nor operate to prevent:



(a)
the sale or lease of inventory in the ordinary course of business;

















(b)
(i) the sale, transfer, lease, or other disposition of Property of the
Borrower and its Domestic Subsidiaries to one another in the ordinary course of
its business; and (ii)  the sale, transfer, lease, or other disposition of
Property of any Foreign Subsidiary to another Foreign Subsidiary in the ordinary
course of its business;







(c)
(i) the merger of any Domestic Subsidiary with and into the Borrower or any
other Domestic Subsidiary provided that, in the case of any merger involving the
Borrower, the Borrower is the corporation surviving the merger; and
(ii) the merger of any Foreign Subsidiary with and into any other Foreign
Subsidiary;







(d)
the sale of delinquent notes or accounts receivable in the ordinary course of
business for purposes of collection only (and not for the purpose of any bulk
sale or securitization transaction);







(e)
the sale, transfer, or other disposition of any tangible personal property that,
in the reasonable business judgment of the Borrower or its Subsidiary, has
become uneconomical, obsolete, or worn out, and which is disposed of in the
ordinary course of business; and







(f)
the sale, transfer, lease, or other disposition of Property of the Borrower or
any Subsidiary (including any disposition of Property as part of a sale and
leaseback transaction) aggregating for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries not
more than $30,000,000 during any fiscal year of the Borrower.







Section 8.11.
Maintenance of Subsidiaries. The Borrower shall not assign, sell or
transfer, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to issue, assign, sell or transfer,
any shares of capital stock of a Subsidiary; provided, however, that the
foregoing shall not operate to prevent (a) the issuance, sale and transfer
to any person of any shares of capital stock of a Subsidiary solely for the
purpose of qualifying, and to the extent legally necessary to qualify, such
person as a director of such Subsidiary, and (b) any transaction permitted
by Section 8.10 above.



Section 8.12.
ERISA. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, promptly
pay and discharge all obligations and liabilities arising under ERISA of a
character which if unpaid or unperformed could reasonably be expected to result
in the imposition of a Lien against any of its Property. The Borrower shall, and
shall cause each Subsidiary to, promptly notify the Bank of: (a) the
occurrence of any reportable event (as defined in ERISA) with respect to a Plan,
(b) receipt of any notice from the PBGC of its intention to seek
termination of any Plan or appointment of a trustee therefor, (c) its
intention to terminate or withdraw from any Plan, and (d) the occurrence of
any event with respect to any Plan which would result in the incurrence by the
Borrower or any Subsidiary of any material liability, fine or penalty, or any
material increase in the contingent liability of the Borrower or any Subsidiary
with respect to any post-retirement Welfare Plan benefit.



Section 8.13.
Compliance with Laws. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary
to, comply in all respects with the requirements of all federal, state, local,
and foreign laws, rules, regulations, ordinances and orders applicable to or
pertaining to its Property or
















business operations, where any such
non-compliance, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect or result in a Lien upon any of its Property.



Section 8.14.
Burdensome Contracts With Affiliates. The Borrower shall not, nor shall
it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any contract, agreement or business
arrangement with any of its Affiliates on terms and conditions which are less
favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than would be usual and customary
in similar contracts, agreements or business arrangements between Persons not
affiliated with each other.



Section 8.15.
No Changes in Fiscal Year. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit
any Subsidiary to, change its fiscal year from its present basis without the
Bank’s prior written consent.



Section 8.16.
Formation of Subsidiaries. Promptly upon the formation or acquisition of
any Subsidiary, the Borrower shall provide the Bank notice thereof and timely
comply with the requirements of Section 4 hereof.



Section 8.17.
Change in the Nature of Business. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it
permit any Subsidiary to, engage in any business or activity if as a result the
general nature of the business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary would be
changed in any material respect from the general nature of the business engaged
in by it as of the date hereof.



Section 8.18.
Use of Proceeds. The Borrower shall use the credit extended under this
Agreement solely for the purposes set forth in, or otherwise permitted by,
Section 6.4 hereof.



Section 8.19.
No Restrictions. Except as provided herein or in the Note Purchase
Agreements dated as of September 1, 1998, between the Borrower and the
Woodhead Finance Noteholders, the Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any
Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly create or otherwise cause or suffer to
exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction of any kind
on the ability of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to: (a) pay dividends or
make any other distribution on any Subsidiary’s capital stock or other
equity interests owned by the Borrower or any other Subsidiary, (b) pay any
indebtedness owed to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary, (c) make loans
or advances to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary, (d) transfer any of
its Property to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary, or (e) guarantee the
Obligations as required by the Loan Documents.



Section 8.20.
Financial Covenants. (a) Interest Coverage Ratio. As of the
last day of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower, the Borrower shall not permit
the Interest Coverage Ratio for the four fiscal quarters then ended to be less
than 2.50 to 1.0.



(b)
Debt to EBITDA Ratio. As of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the
Borrower, the Borrower shall not permit the Debt to EBITDA Ratio for the four
fiscal quarters then ended to be more than 2.50 to 1.0.















(c)
Operating Leases. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any
Subsidiary to, acquire the use or possession of any Property under a lease or
similar arrangement, whether or not the Borrower or any Subsidiary has the
express or implied right to acquire title to or purchase such Property, at any
time if, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of fixed rentals and
other consideration payable by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries under all such
leases or arrangements would exceed $2,000,000 during any fiscal year of the
Borrower. Capital Leases shall not be included in computing compliance with this
Section.



Section 8.21.
Immaterial Subsidiaries. The Borrower shall not permit any Immaterial
Subsidiary to engage in any trade or business (other than the transfer of assets
to the Borrower or other Domestic Subsidiaries), or obtain any new assets.



SECTION 9.    EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES.



Section 9.1.
Events of Default. Any one or more of the following shall constitute an
“Event of Default” hereunder:



(a)
default in the payment when due of all or any part of any Obligation payable by
the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document (whether at the stated
maturity thereof or at any other time provided for in this Agreement), or
default shall occur in the payment when due of any other indebtedness or
obligation (whether direct, contingent or otherwise) of the Borrower owing to
the Bank; or







(b)
default in the observance or performance of any covenant set forth in
Sections 8.5, 8.7, 8.8, 8.9, 8.10, 8.11, 8.20 or 8.21 hereof; or







(c)
default in the observance or performance of any other provision hereof or of any
other Loan Document which is not remedied within 30 days after the earlier
of (i) the date on which such failure shall first become known to any
officer of the Borrower or (ii) written notice thereof is given to the
Borrower by the Bank; or







(d)
any representation or warranty made by the Borrower or any Subsidiary herein
or in any other Loan Document, or in any statement or certificate furnished
by it pursuant hereto or thereto, or in connection with any extension of credit
made hereunder, proves untrue in any material respect as of the date of the
issuance or making thereof; or







(e)
any event occurs or condition exists (other than those described in
subsections (a) through (d) above) which is specified as an event of
default under any of the other Loan Documents, or any of the Loan Documents
shall for any reason not be or shall cease to be in full force and effect, or
any of the Loan Documents is declared to be null and void, or any Subsidiary
shall purport to disavow, revoke, repudiate, or terminate any Loan Document
entered into by it or any of its obligations thereunder; or







(f)
default shall occur under any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money issued, assumed or
guaranteed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary aggregating more than $500,000 or
under any indenture, agreement or other instrument under which the same



















may be
issued, and such default shall continue for a period of time sufficient to
permit the acceleration of the maturity of any such Indebtedness for Borrowed
Money (whether or not such maturity is in fact accelerated), or any such
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money shall not be paid when due (whether by lapse of
time, acceleration or otherwise); or







(g)
any judgment or judgments, writ or writs, or warrant or warrants of attachment,
or any similar process or processes in an aggregate amount in excess of $500,000
shall be entered or filed against the Borrower or any Subsidiary or against any
of their Property and which remains unvacated, unbonded, unstayed or unsatisfied
for a period of 30 days; or







(h)
the Borrower or any member of its Controlled Group shall fail to pay when due an
amount or amounts aggregating in excess $500,000 which it shall have become
liable to pay to the PBGC or to a Plan under Title IV of ERISA; or notice
of intent to terminate a Plan or Plans having aggregate Unfunded Vested
Liabilities in excess of $500,000 (collectively, a “Material
Plan”) shall be filed under Title IV of ERISA by the Borrower or
any other member of its Controlled Group, any plan administrator or any
combination of the foregoing; or the PBGC shall institute proceedings under
Title IV of ERISA to terminate or to cause a trustee to be appointed to
administer any Material Plan or a proceeding shall be instituted by a fiduciary
of any Material Plan against the Borrower or any member of its Controlled Group
to enforce Section 515 or 4219(c)(5) of ERISA and such proceeding shall not
have been dismissed within 30 days thereafter; or a condition shall exist
by reason of which the PBGC would be entitled to obtain a decree adjudicating
that any Material Plan must be terminated; or







(i)
dissolution or termination of the existence of the Borrower or, except as
permitted by Section 8 hereof, any Subsidiary; or







(j)
any Change of Control shall occur; or







(k)
the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) shall
(i) have entered involuntarily against it an order for relief under the
United States Bankruptcy Code, as amended, (ii) not pay, or admit in
writing its inability to pay, its debts generally as they become due,
(iii) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iv) apply for,
seek, consent to, or acquiesce in, the appointment of a receiver, custodian,
trustee, examiner, liquidator or similar official for it or any substantial part
of its Property, (v) institute any proceeding seeking to have entered
against it an order for relief under the United States Bankruptcy Code, as
amended, to adjudicate it insolvent, or seeking dissolution, winding up,
liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of it or its
debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or
relief of debtors or fail to file an answer or other pleading denying the
material allegations of any such proceeding filed against it, (vi) take any
corporate action in furtherance of any matter described in parts (i) through (v)
above, or (vii) fail to contest in good faith any appointment or proceeding
described in Section 9.1(l) hereof; or



















(l)
a custodian, receiver, trustee, examiner, liquidator or similar official shall
be appointed for the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial
Subsidiary) or any substantial part of any of their Property, or a proceeding
described in Section 9.1(k)(v) shall be instituted against the Borrower or
any Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary), and such appointment
continues undischarged or such proceeding continues undismissed or unstayed for
a period of 60 days.







Section 9.2.
Non-Bankruptcy Defaults. When any Event of Default described in
subsection (a) through (j), both inclusive, of Section 9.1 has
occurred and is continuing, the Bank may, by notice to the Borrower, take one or
more of the following actions:



(a)
terminate the obligation of the Bank to extend any further credit hereunder on
the date (which may be the date thereof) stated in such notice;







(b)
declare the principal of and the accrued interest on the Note to be forthwith
due and payable and thereupon the Note, including both principal and interest
and all fees, charges and other Obligations payable hereunder and under the
other Loan Documents, shall be and become immediately due and payable without
further demand, presentment, protest or notice of any kind; and







(c)
enforce any and all rights and remedies available to it under the Loan Documents
or applicable law.







Section 9.3.
Bankruptcy Defaults. When any Event of Default described in
subsection (k) or (l) of Section 9.1 has occurred and is continuing,
then the Note, including both principal and interest, and all fees, charges and
other Obligations payable hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, shall
immediately become due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or
notice of any kind, and the obligation of the Bank to extend further credit
pursuant to any of the terms hereof shall immediately terminate. In addition,
the Bank may exercise any and all remedies available to it under the Loan
Documents or applicable law.



Section 9.4.
Collateral for Undrawn Letters of Credit. When any Event of Default,
other than an Event of Default described in subsection (k) or (l) of
Section 9.1, has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower shall, upon
demand of the Bank, and when any Event of Default described in
subsection (k) or (l) of Section 9.1 has occurred the Borrower shall,
without notice or demand from the Bank, immediately pay to the Bank the full
amount of each Letter of Credit then outstanding, the Borrower agreeing to
immediately make such payment and acknowledging and agreeing that the Bank would
not have an adequate remedy at law for failure of the Borrower to honor any such
demand and that the Bank shall have the right to require the Borrower to
specifically perform such undertaking whether or not any draws have been made
under any such Letters of Credit.



SECTION 10.    MISCELLANEOUS.



Section 10.1.
Non-Business Day. If any payment hereunder becomes due and payable on a
day which is not a Business Day, the due date of such payment shall be extended
to the next















succeeding Business Day on which date such payment shall be due and
payable. In the case of any payment of principal falling due on a day which is
not a Business Day, interest on such principal amount shall continue to accrue
during such extension at the rate per annum then in effect, which accrued amount
shall be due and payable on the next scheduled date for the payment of interest.



Section 10.2.
No Waiver, Cumulative Remedies. No delay or failure on the part of the
Bank or on the part of the holder of the Obligations in the exercise of any
power or right shall operate as a waiver thereof or as an acquiescence in any
default, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any power or right preclude
any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other power or
right. The rights and remedies hereunder of the Bank and of the holder of the
Obligations are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies
which any of them would otherwise have.



Section 10.3.
Amendments, Etc. No amendment, modification, termination or waiver of any
provision of this Agreement or of any other Loan Document, nor consent to any
departure by the Borrower therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the
same shall be in writing and signed by the Bank. No notice to or demand on the
Borrower in any case shall entitle the Borrower to any other or further notice
or demand in similar or other circumstances.



Section 10.4.
Costs and Expenses; Indemnification. The Borrower agrees to pay on demand
the costs and expenses of the Bank in connection with the negotiation,
preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement, the other Loan
Documents and the other instruments and documents to be
delivered hereunder or thereunder, and in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby, and in connection with any consents hereunder or
waivers or amendments hereto or thereto, including the fees and expenses of
counsel for the Bank with respect to all of the foregoing (whether or not the
transactions contemplated hereby are consummated). The Borrower further agrees
to pay to the Bank or any other holder of the Obligations all costs and expenses
(including court costs and attorneys’ fees), if any, incurred or paid by
the Bank or any other holder of the Obligations in connection with any Default
or Event of Default or in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement or
any of the other Loan Documents or any other instrument or document
delivered hereunder or thereunder. The Borrower further agrees to indemnify the
Bank, and any security trustee, and their respective directors, officers and
employees, against all losses, claims, damages, penalties, judgments,
liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, all expenses of
litigation or preparation therefor, whether or not the indemnified Person is a
party thereto) which any of them may pay or incur arising out of or relating to
any Loan Document or any of the transactions contemplated thereby or the direct
or indirect application or proposed application of the proceeds of any extension
of credit made available hereunder, other than those which arise from the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of the party claiming indemnification. The
Borrower, upon demand by the Bank at any time, shall reimburse the Bank for any
legal or other expenses incurred in connection with investigating or defending
against any of the foregoing except if the same is directly due to the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of the party to be indemnified. The obligations
of the Borrower under this Section shall survive the termination of this
Agreement.













Section 10.5.
Documentary Taxes. The Borrower agrees to pay on demand any documentary,
stamp or similar taxes payable in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan
Document, including interest and penalties, in the event
any such taxes are assessed, irrespective of when such assessment is made and
whether or not any credit is then in use or available hereunder.



Section 10.6.
Survival of Representations. All representations and warranties made
herein or in any of the other Loan Documents or in certificates given pursuant
hereto or thereto shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents, and shall continue in full force and effect with
respect to the date as of which they were made as long as any credit is in use
or available hereunder.



Section 10.7.       Survival of Indemnities. All indemnities and other provisions relative to
reimbursement to the Bank of amounts sufficient to protect the yield of the Bank with
respect to the Loans, including, but not limited to, Sections 2.7 and 2.8 hereof,
shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Note.



Section 10.8.
Notices. Except as otherwise specified herein, all notices hereunder
shall be in writing (including, without limitation, notice by telecopy) and
shall be given to the relevant party at its address or telecopier number set
forth below, or such other address or telecopier number as such party may
hereafter specify by notice to the other given by courier, by United States
certified or registered mail, by telecopy or by other telecommunication device
capable of creating a written record of such notice and its receipt. Notices
hereunder shall be addressed:


to the Borrower at:	to the Bank at:

Woodhead Industries, Inc.	Harris Trust and Savings Bank
3 Parkway North, Suite 550	111 West Monroe Street
Deerfield, Illinois 60015	Chicago, Illinois 60603
Attention: Joseph Nogal	Attention: Daniel K. Sabol
Telephone: (847) 317-2419	Telephone: (312) 461-3766
Telecopy: (847) 236-0503	Telecopy: (312) 293-5068




Each such notice,
request or other communication shall be effective (i) if given by telecopier, when
such telecopy is transmitted to the telecopier number specified in this Section and a
confirmation of such telecopy has been received by the sender, (ii) if given by mail,
five (5) days after such communication is deposited in the mail, certified or registered
with return receipt requested, addressed as aforesaid or (iii) if given by any other
means, when delivered at the addresses specified in this Section; provided that any
notice given pursuant to Section 1 or Section 2 hereof shall be effective only upon
receipt.



Section 10.9.
Construction. The provisions of this Agreement relating to Subsidiaries
shall only apply during such times as the Borrower has one or more Subsidiaries.
NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED OR CONSTRUED TO PERMIT ANY ACT OR
OMISSION WHICH IS PROHIBITED BY THE TERMS OF ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS,
THE COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS CONTAINED HEREIN BEING IN ADDITION TO AND NOT IN















SUBSTITUTION FOR THE COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS CONTAINED IN THE OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENTS.



Section 10.10.
Headings. Section headings used in this Agreement are for convenience of
reference only and are not a part of this Agreement for any other purpose.



Section 10.11.
Severability of Provisions. Any provision of this Agreement which is
prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without
invalidating the remaining provisions hereof or affecting the validity or
enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.



Section 10.12.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, and by different parties hereto on separate counterpart signature
pages, and all such counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute
one and the same instrument.



Section 10.13.
Binding Nature, Governing Law, Etc. This Agreement shall be binding upon
the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of
the Bank and the benefit of its successors and assigns, including any subsequent
holder of the Obligations. The Borrower may not assign its rights hereunder
without the written consent of the Bank. This Agreement constitutes the entire
understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and any
prior agreements, whether written or oral, with respect thereto are superseded
hereby. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO SHALL BE
GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF
ILLINOIS WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS.



Section 10.14.
Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. The Borrower hereby
submits to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for
the Northern District of Illinois and of any Illinois State court sitting in the
City of Chicago for purposes of all legal proceedings arising out of or relating
to this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby. The Borrower irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying
of the venue of any such proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that
any such proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient
forum. THE BORROWER AND THE BANK EACH HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY AND ALL RIGHT
TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY LOAN
DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY.



[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW]















Upon
your acceptance hereof in the manner hereinafter set forth, this Agreement shall
constitute a contract between us for the uses and purposes hereinabove set forth.



Dated
as of this 28th day of April, 2004.



WOODHEAD INDUSTRIES, INC.


By  	/s/   Joseph P. Nogal


Joseph P. Nogal
Vice President, Treasurer/Controller
and Assistant Secretary




Accepted
and agreed to at Chicago, Illinois, as of the day and year last above written.



HARRIS TRUST AND SAVINGS BANK


By  	/s/   Danjuma Gibson


Danjuma Gibson
Vice President















EXHIBIT A



REVOLVING NOTE


Chicago, Illinois
$25,000,000.00	April 28, 2004




On
the Termination Date, for value received, the undersigned, WOODHEAD INDUSTRIES, INC., a
Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), hereby promises to pay to
the order of HARRIS TRUST AND SAVINGS BANK (the “Bank”) at its office at
111 West Monroe Street, Chicago, Illinois, the principal sum of (i) TWENTY-FIVE
MILLION AND NO/100 DOLLARS ($25,000,000.00), or (ii) such lesser amount as may at the
time of the maturity hereof, whether by acceleration or otherwise, be the aggregate unpaid
principal amount of all Loans owing from the Borrower to the Bank under the Revolving
Credit provided for in the Credit Agreement hereinafter mentioned.



This
Note evidences Loans made and to be made to the Borrower by the Bank under the Revolving
Credit provided for under that certain Credit Agreement dated as of April 28, 2004,
between the Borrower and the Bank (said Credit Agreement, as the same may be amended,
modified or restated from time to time, being referred to herein as the “Credit
Agreement”), and the Borrower hereby promises to pay interest at the office
described above on such Loans evidenced hereby at the rates and at the times and in the
manner specified therefor in the Credit Agreement.



This
Note is issued by the Borrower under the terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement, and
this Note and the holder hereof are entitled to all of the benefits provided for thereby
or referred to therein, to which reference is hereby made for a statement thereof. This
Note may be declared to be, or be and become, due prior to its expressed maturity and
voluntary prepayments may be made hereon, all in the events, on the terms and with the
effects provided in the Credit Agreement. All capitalized terms used herein without
definition shall have the same meanings herein as such terms are defined in the Credit
Agreement.



The
Borrower hereby promises to pay all costs and expenses (including reasonable
attorneys’ fees) suffered or incurred by the holder hereof in collecting this Note or
enforcing any rights in any collateral therefor. The Borrower hereby waives presentment
for payment and demand. THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND GOVERNED BY,
THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF
LAWS.


WOODHEAD INDUSTRIES, INC.


By  	/s/   Joseph P. Nogal


Joseph P. Nogal
Vice President, Treasurer/Controller
and Assistant Secretary

















EXHIBIT B



COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE



To: HARRIS TRUST AND SAVINGS BANK



This
Compliance Certificate is furnished to Harris Trust and Savings Bank (the
“Bank”) pursuant to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of
April 28, 2004, between Woodhead Industries, Inc., and the Bank (the “Credit
Agreement”). Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms used in this Compliance
Certificate have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement.



THE
UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT:



1.
I am the duly elected _____________________________________ of the Borrower;






2.
I have reviewed the terms of the Credit Agreement and I have made, or have
caused to be made under my supervision, a detailed review of the transactions
and conditions of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during the accounting period
covered by the attached financial statements;







3.
The examinations described in paragraph 2 did not disclose, and I have no
knowledge of, the existence of any condition or the occurrence of any event
which constitutes a Default or Event of Default during or at the end of the
accounting period covered by the attached financial statements or as of the date
of this Certificate, except as set forth below;







4.
The financial statements required by Section 8.5 of the Credit Agreement
and being furnished to you concurrently with this certificate are, to the best
of my knowledge, true, correct and complete as of the dates and for the periods
covered thereby; and







5.
The Attachment hereto sets forth financial data and computations evidencing the
Borrower’s compliance with certain covenants of the Credit Agreement, all
of which data and computations are, to the best of my knowledge, true, complete
and correct and have been made in accordance with the relevant Sections of the
Credit Agreement.







Described
below are the exceptions, if any, to paragraph 3 by listing, in detail, the nature of
the condition or event, the period during which it has existed and the action which the
Borrower has taken, is taking, or proposes to take with respect to each such condition or
event:



________________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________















________________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________



The foregoing
certifications,  together with the computations set forth in the Attachment  hereto and the
financial  statements  delivered with this Certificate in support hereof, are made and delivered this _________ day
of __________________, ___.


WOODHEAD INDUSTRIES, INC.


By
Name
Title

















ATTACHMENT TO
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE



WOODHEAD INDUSTRIES,
INC.



Compliance Calculations
for Credit Agreement



Dated as of
April 28, 2004



Calculations as of
_____________, ___






A.	INTEREST COVERAGE RATIO (SECTION 8.20)

1.	Consolidated Net Earnings as defined
_________

2.	Amounts deducted in arriving at
Consolidated Net Income in respect of

(a)    Interest Expense	_________

(b)    Taxes imposed on or measured by income or
excess profits	_________

3.	Sum of Lines A1, A2(a), and A2(b) ("EBIT")	 	_________

4.	Interest Expense	_________

5.	Ratio of Line A3 to Line A4 ("INTEREST COVERAGE RATIO")		__:1.0

6.	As specified in Section 8.20, the Interest
Coverage Ratio shall not be less than
2.5:1.0

7.	Borrower is in compliance?
(Circle yes or no)	 	Yes/No

B.	DEBT TO EBITDA RATIO (SECTION 8.20)

1.	Funded Debt as defined	_________

2.	Consolidated Net Earnings as defined	_________

3.	Amounts deducted in arriving at Consolidated Net
Income in respect of













(a)    Interest Expense	_________

(b)    Taxes imposed on or measured by income or	_________
excess profits

(c)    Depreciation and Depletion	_________

(d)    Amortization	_________

4.	Sum of Lines B2, B3(a), B3(b), B3(c) and B3(d)	 	_________

5.	Ratio of Line B1 to Line B4 ("DEBT TO EBITDA RATIO")	 	___:1.0

6.	As specified in Section 8.20, the Debt to EBITDA
Ratio shall not be more than	 	2.5:1.0

7.	Borrower is in compliance?
(Circle yes or no)	 	Yes/No















SCHEDULE 6.2



SUBSIDIARIES


NAME	JURISDICTION OF
INCORPORATION	PERCENTAGE
OWNERSHIP

Aero-Motive Company	State of Michigan	100%
Advanced Interconnect, Inc.	State of Delaware	100%
Central Rubber Company	State of Illinois	100%
DW Holding, L.L.C	State of Delaware	100%
Daniel Woodhead Company	State of Delaware	100%
Deerfield Partners C.V	The Netherlands	100%
I.M.A. S.r.l	Italy	100%
mPm S.r.l	Italy	100%
WH One, LLC	State of Delaware	100%
WH Two, LLC	State of Delaware	100%
Woodhead Asia Pte. Ltd.	Singapore	100%
Woodhead Canada Limited	Province of Nova Scotia	100%
Woodhead Connectivity Limited	United Kingdom	100%
Woodhead Connectivity GmbH	Germany	100%
Woodhead Connectivity, S.A.S	France	100%
Woodhead de Mexico S.A. de C.V	Mexico	100%
Woodhead Finance Company	Province of Nova Scotia	100%
Woodhead France S.A.R.L	France	100%
Woodhead International B.V	The Netherlands	100%
Woodhead Japan Corporation	Japan	100%
Woodhead L.P.	State of Texas	100%
Woodhead Software & Electronics, S.A.S.U	France	100%
(f/k/a applicom International, S.A.S.)
Euroview Services S.A	France	37%
Micromedia S.A	France	33%




