






exv10wxay










EXHIBIT 10(a)




Execution Draft














CREDIT AGREEMENT




DATED AS OF




July 12, 2005




AMONG




THE PEOPLES GAS LIGHT AND COKE COMPANY,




THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS PARTY HERETO,

as Banks,




ABN AMRO BANK N.V.

as Administrative Agent,




JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NA,

as Syndication Agent,




ABN AMRO INCORPORATED,

as Co-Lead Arranger and Joint Bookrunner,




and




J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES INC.,

as Co-Lead Arranger and Joint Bookrunner




































TABLE OF CONTENTS





Page
SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS; INTERPRETATION
1
Section 1.1 Definitions
1
Section 1.2 Interpretation
8


SECTION 2. THE REVOLVING CREDIT
8
Section 2.1 The Loan Commitment
8
Section 2.2 Letters of Credit
9
Section 2.3 Applicable Interest Rates
11
Section 2.4 Minimum Borrowing Amounts
13
Section 2.5 Manner of Borrowing Loans and Designating Interest Rates Applicable to Loans
13
Section 2.6 Interest Periods
15
Section 2.7 Maturity of Loans
16
Section 2.8 Prepayments
16
Section 2.9 Default Rate
17
Section 2.10 Evidence of Debt
17
Section 2.11 Funding Indemnity
18
Section 2.12 Revolving Credit Commitment Terminations
18
Section 2.13 Regulation D Compensation
19
Section 2.14 Arbitrage Compensation
19


SECTION 3. FEES
19
Section 3.1 Fees
19
Section 3.2 Replacement of Banks
21


SECTION 4. PLACE AND APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS
21
Section 4.1 Place and Application of Payments
21


SECTION 5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
22
Section 5.1 Corporate Organization and Authority
22
Section 5.2 Corporate Authority and Validity of Obligations
22
Section 5.3 Financial Statements
22
Section 5.4 Approvals
22
Section 5.5 ERISA
23
Section 5.6 Government Regulation
23
Section 5.7 Margin Stock; Proceeds
23
Section 5.8 Full Disclosure
23


SECTION 6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
23
Section 6.1 Initial Credit Event
23
Section 6.2 All Credit Events
24


SECTION 7. COVENANTS
25






i

















Page
Section 7.1 Corporate Existence
25
Section 7.2 ERISA
25
Section 7.3 Financial Reports and Other Information
25
Section 7.4 Regulation U; Proceeds
26
Section 7.5 Sales of Assets
27
Section 7.6 Capital Ratio
27
Section 7.7 Compliance with Laws
27


SECTION 8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES
27
Section 8.1 Events of Default
27
Section 8.2 Non-Bankruptcy Defaults
29
Section 8.3 Bankruptcy Defaults
29
Section 8.4 Expenses
29


SECTION 9. CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCES
29
Section 9.1 Change of Law
29
Section 9.2 Unavailability of Deposits or Inability to Ascertain, or Inadequacy of,
LIBOR
29
Section 9.3 Increased Cost and Reduced Return
30
Section 9.4 Lending Offices
32
Section 9.5 Discretion of Bank as to Manner of Funding
32


SECTION 10.
THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT
32
Section 10.1 Appointment and Authorization of Administrative Agent
32
Section 10.2 Administrative Agent and its Affiliates
32
Section 10.3 Action by Administrative Agent
32
Section 10.4 Consultation with Experts
33
Section 10.5 Liability of Administrative Agent; Credit Decision
33
Section 10.6 Indemnity
34
Section 10.7 Resignation of Administrative Agent and Successor Administrative Agent
34


SECTION 11. MISCELLANEOUS
34
Section 11.1 Withholding Taxes
34
Section 11.2 No Waiver of Rights
35
Section 11.3 Non-Business Day
36
Section 11.4 Documentary Taxes
36
Section 11.5 Survival of Representations
36
Section 11.6 Survival of Indemnities
36
Section 11.7 Set-Off
36
Section 11.8 Notices
37
Section 11.9 Counterparts
38
Section 11.10 Successors and Assigns
38
Section 11.11 [Intentionally Omitted]
38
Section 11.12 Assignments, Participations, Etc
38
Section 11.13 Amendments
41
Section 11.14 Headings.
42






ii

















Page
Section 11.15 Legal Fees, Other Costs and Indemnification
42
Section 11.16 [Reserved]
42
Section 11.17 Entire Agreement
42
Section 11.18 Construction
42
Section 11.19 Governing Law
42
Section 11.20 SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL
42
Section 11.21 Confidentiality
43
Section 11.22 Patriot Act
43
Section 11.23 Rights and Liabilities of Syndication Agent and Arrangers
43







iii
















CREDIT AGREEMENT




CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of July 12, 2005 among The Peoples Gas Light and Coke Company, an
Illinois corporation (the “Borrower”), the financial institutions from time to time party hereto
(each a “Bank,” and collectively the “Banks”), ABN AMRO Bank N.V., in its capacity as
administrative agent for the Banks hereunder (in such capacity, the “Administrative Agent”), and
JPMorgan Chase Bank, NA, in its capacity as syndication agent for the Banks hereunder (in such
capacity, the “Syndication Agent”).



WITNESSETH THAT:




WHEREAS, the Borrower desires to obtain the several commitments of the Banks to make available
a 5-year revolving credit facility for loans and letters of credit (the “Revolving Credit”), as
described herein; and



WHEREAS, the Banks are willing to extend such commitments subject to all of the terms and
conditions hereof and on the basis of the representations and warranties hereinafter set forth.



NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the recitals set forth above and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties
hereto hereby agree as follows:



SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS; INTERPRETATION.



Section 1.1 Definitions. The following terms when used herein have the following meanings:



“Administrative Agent” is defined in the first paragraph of this Agreement and includes any
successor Administrative Agent appointed pursuant to Section 10.7 hereof.



“Administrative Questionnaire” means an administrative questionnaire in a form supplied by the
Administrative Agent.



“Affiliate” means, as to any Person, any other Person which directly or indirectly controls,
or is under common control with, or is controlled by, such Person. As used in this definition,
“control” (including, with their correlative meanings, “controlled by” and “under common control
with”) means possession, directly or indirectly, of power to direct or cause the direction of
management or policies of a Person (whether through ownership of securities or partnership or other
ownership interests, by contract or otherwise), provided that, in any event for purposes of this
definition: (i) any Person which owns directly or indirectly 5% or more of the securities having
ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body of a corporation or 5%
or more of the partnership or other ownership interests of any other Person (other than as a
limited partner of such other Person) will be deemed to control such corporation or other Person;
and (ii) each director and executive officer of the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall be deemed an
Affiliate of the Borrower and each Subsidiary.



“Agreement” means this Credit Agreement, including all Exhibits and Schedules hereto,





















as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with
the terms hereof.



“Applicable Margin” means, at any time (i) with respect to Base Rate Loans, the Base Rate
Margin and (ii) with respect to LIBOR Loans, the LIBOR Margin.



“Applicable Telerate Page” is defined in Section 2.3(b) hereof.



“Application” is defined in Section 2.2(b) hereof.



“Approved Fund” means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Bank, (b) an Affiliate
of a Bank or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Bank.



“Arrangers” means, collectively, ABN AMRO Incorporated and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.



“Assignment and Assumption” means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Bank and an
Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 11.12(b)),
and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit D or any other form
approved by the Administrative Agent.



“Authorized Representative” means those persons shown on the list of employees provided by the
Borrower pursuant to Section 6.1(e) hereof, or on any such updated list provided by the Borrower to
the Administrative Agent, or any further or different employee of the Borrower so named by any
officer of the Borrower in a written notice to the Administrative Agent.



“Bank” is defined in the first paragraph of this Agreement.



“Base Rate” is defined in Section 2.3(a) hereof.



“Base Rate Loan” means a Loan bearing interest prior to maturity at a rate specified in
Section 2.3(a) hereof.



“Base Rate Margin” means the percentage set forth in Schedule 1A hereto corresponding to the
then applicable Credit Rating.



“Borrower” is defined in the first paragraph of this Agreement.



“Borrowing” means the total of Loans of a single type advanced, continued for an additional
Interest Period, or converted from a different type into such type by the Banks on a single date
and for a single Interest Period. Borrowings of Loans are made and maintained ratably from each of
the Banks according to their Percentages. A Borrowing is “advanced” on the day Banks advance funds
comprising such Borrowing to the Borrower, is “continued” on the date a new Interest Period for the
same type of Loans commences for such Borrowing, and is “converted” when such Borrowing is changed
from one type of Loan to the other, all as requested by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.5(a).



















“Business Day” means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which Banks are not authorized
or required to close in Chicago, Illinois and, if the applicable Business Day relates to the
borrowing or payment of a LIBOR Loan, on which banks are dealing in U.S. Dollars in the interbank
market in London, England.



“Capital” means, as of any date of determination thereof, without duplication, the sum of
Consolidated Net Worth plus Indebtedness.



“Capital Lease” means at any date any lease of Property which, in accordance with GAAP, would
be required to be capitalized on the balance sheet of the lessee.



“Capital Ratio” means, for any fiscal quarter of the Borrower, the ratio, rounded downwards to
two decimal points, of the sum of Indebtedness for such fiscal quarter to the sum of Capital for
such fiscal quarter.



“Capitalized Lease Obligations” means, for any Person, the amount of such Person’s liabilities
under Capital Leases determined at any date in accordance with GAAP.



“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.



“Commitment Fee Rate” means the percentage set forth on Schedule 1A hereto corresponding to
the then applicable Credit Rating.



“Compliance Certificate” means a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto.



“Consolidated Net Worth” means, as of the date of any determination thereof, the amount
reflected as shareholders equity upon a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries.



“Contractual Obligation” means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such
Person or of any agreement, instrument or undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which
it or any of its Property is bound.



“Controlled Group” means all members of a controlled group of corporations and all trades and
businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control that, together with the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries, are treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.



“Credit Documents” means this Agreement, the Notes, the Mandate Letter, the Master Letter of
Credit Agreement, the Applications and the Letters of Credit.



“Credit Event” means the Borrowing of any Loan or the issuance of, or extension of the
expiration date or any increase in the amount of, any Letter of Credit.



“Credit Rating” means, at any time, the long-term senior secured non-credit enhanced debt
rating of the Borrower as determined by Standard & Poors’ Ratings Services and/or Moody’s Investors
Service.



















“Default” means any event or condition the occurrence of which would, with the passage of time
or the giving of notice, or both, constitute an Event of Default.



“Effective Date” means July 12, 2005.



“Eligible Assignee” means (a) a Bank, (b) an Affiliate of a Bank, and (c) any other Person
(other than a natural person) approved by (i) the Administrative Agent, (ii) the Issuing Bank(s)
and (iii) unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower (each such
approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided that notwithstanding the foregoing,
“Eligible Assignee” shall not include the Borrower or any of the Borrower’s Affiliates or
Subsidiaries.



“ERISA” is defined in Section 5.5 hereof.



“Event of Default” means any of the events or circumstances specified in Section 8.1 hereof.



“Existing Credit Agreement” means the Borrower’s existing credit agreement by and among the
Borrower, the financial institutions party thereto and ABN AMRO Bank N.V., as Agent thereunder,
dated August 4, 2004, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the
Effective Date.



“Federal Funds Rate” means the fluctuating interest rate per annum described in part (x) of
clause (ii) of the definition of Base Rate set forth in Section 2.3(a) hereof.



“Fund” means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making,
purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in
the ordinary course of its business.



“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect in the United States from
time to time, applied by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a basis consistent with the
preparation of the Borrower’s financial statements furnished to the Banks as described in Section
5.3 hereof.



“Granting Bank” is defined in Section 11.12(g) hereof.



“Guarantee” means, in respect of any Person, any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such
Person directly or indirectly guaranteeing any Indebtedness of another Person, including, without
limitation, by means of an agreement to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the
purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or to maintain financial covenants, or to assure the
payment of such Indebtedness by an agreement to make payments in respect of goods or services
regardless of whether delivered, or otherwise, provided, that the term “Guarantee” shall not
include endorsements for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business; and such term
when used as a verb shall have a correlative meaning.



“Indebtedness” means, as to any Person, without duplication: (i) all obligations of such
Person for borrowed money or evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments; (ii) all
obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than





















in respect of trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business, customer
deposits, provisions for rate refunds (if any), deferred fuel expenses and obligations in respect
of pensions and other post-retirement benefits and employee welfare plans); (iii) all Capitalized
Lease Obligations of such Person; (iv) all Indebtedness of others secured by a Lien on any
properties, assets or revenues of such Person (other than stock, partnership interests or other
equity interests of the Borrower or any Subsidiaries in other entities) to the extent of the lesser
of the value of the property subject to such Lien or the amount of such Indebtedness; (v) all
Indebtedness of others Guaranteed by such Person; and (vi) all obligations of such Person,
contingent or otherwise, in respect of any letters or credit (whether commercial or standby) or
bankers’ acceptances.



“Interest Period” is defined in Section 2.6 hereof.



“Issuing Banks” means: (i) ABN AMRO Bank N.V. and (ii) any one other Bank designated by
Borrower from time to time by written notice to Administrative Agent, with the consent of such
Bank.



“Lending Office” is defined in Section 9.4 hereof.



“L/C Documents” means the Letters of Credit, the Master Letter of Credit Agreement, any draft
or other document presented in connection with a drawing under a Letter of Credit, the Applications
and this Agreement.



“L/C Fee Rate” means, at any time of determination, a percentage per annum equal to the LIBOR
Margin in effect at such time.



“L/C Obligations” means the aggregate undrawn face amounts of all outstanding Letters of
Credit and all unpaid Reimbursement Obligations.



“LIBOR” is defined in Section 2.3(b) hereof.



“LIBOR Loan” means a Loan bearing interest prior to maturity at the rate specified in Section
2.3(b) hereof.



“LIBOR Margin” means the percentage set forth in Schedule 1A hereto beside the then applicable
Credit Rating.



“LIBOR Reserve Percentage” is defined in Section 2.3(b) hereof.



“Letter of Credit” is defined in Section 2.2(a) hereof.



“Lien” means any interest in Property securing an obligation owed to, or a claim by, a Person
other than the owner of the Property, whether such interest is based on the common law, statute or
contract, including, but not limited to, the security interest lien arising from a mortgage,
encumbrance, pledge, conditional sale, security agreement or trust receipt, or a lease, consignment
or bailment for security purposes. For the purposes of this definition, a Person shall be deemed to
be the owner of any Property which it has acquired or holds subject to a conditional sale
agreement, Capital Lease or other arrangement pursuant to which title to the Property has been
retained by or vested in some other Person for security purposes, and such



















retention of title shall constitute a “Lien.”




“Loan” is defined in Section 2.1 hereof and, as so defined, includes a Base Rate Loan or LIBOR
Loan, each of which is a “type” of Loan hereunder.



“Mandate Letter” means that certain letter between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower
dated May 16, 2005 pertaining to fees to be paid by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent for
its sole account and benefit.



“Master Letter of Credit Agreement” is defined in Section 2.2(a) hereof.



“Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial
position or results of operations of the Borrower, (ii) the ability of the Borrower to perform its
obligations under the Credit Documents, (iii) the validity or enforceability of the obligations of
the Borrower, (iv) the rights and remedies of the Banks or the Administrative Agent against the
Borrower or (v) the timely payment of the principal of and interest on the Loans or other amounts
payable by the Borrower hereunder.



“Note” is defined in Section 2.10(a) hereof.



“Obligations” means all fees payable hereunder, all obligations of the Borrower to pay
principal or interest on Loans and L/C Obligations, and all other payment obligations of the
Borrower arising under or in relation to any Credit Document.



“Percentage” means, for each Bank, the percentage of the Revolving Credit Commitments
represented by such Bank’s Revolving Credit Commitment or, if the Revolving Credit Commitments have
been terminated, the percentage held by such Bank (including through participation interests in L/C
Obligations) of the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Obligations.



“Person” means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company,
association, trust, unincorporated organization or any other entity or organization, including a
government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.



“Plan” means at any time an employee pension benefit plan covered by Title IV of ERISA or
subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code that is either (i)
maintained by a member of the Controlled Group or (ii) maintained pursuant to a collective
bargaining agreement or any other arrangement under which more than one employer makes
contributions and to which a member of the Controlled Group is then making or accruing an
obligation to make contributions or has within the preceding five plan years made contributions.



“PBGC” is defined in Section 5.5 hereof.



“Property” means any interest in any kind of property or asset, whether real, personal or
mixed, or tangible or intangible, whether now owned or hereafter acquired.



“Reference Bank” means ABN AMRO Bank N.V. In the event such Bank ceases to be a “Bank”
hereunder or fails to provide timely quotations of interests rates to the Administrative





















Agent as and when required by this Agreement, then such Bank shall be replaced by a new
reference bank jointly, designated by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower.



“Reimbursement Obligation” is defined in Section 2.2(c) hereof.



“Required Banks” means, as of the date of determination thereof, Banks holding more than 50%
of the Percentages.



“Revolving Credit Commitment” is defined in Section 2.1 hereof.



“SEC” means the Securities and Exchange Commission.



“Security” has the same meaning as in Section 2(l) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.



“SPC” is defined in Section 11.12(g) hereof.



“Subsidiary” means, as to the Borrower, any corporation or other entity of which more than
fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding stock or comparable equity interests having ordinary voting
power for the election of the Board of Directors of such corporation or similar governing body in
the case of a non-corporation (irrespective of whether or not, at the time, stock or other equity
interests of any other class or classes of such corporation or other entity shall have or might
have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time directly or
indirectly owned by the Borrower or by one or more of its Subsidiaries.



“Telerate Service” means the Moneyline Telerate.



“Termination Date” means July 12, 2010.



“Unfunded Vested Liabilities” means, with respect to any Plan at any time, the amount (if any)
by which (i) the present value of all vested non-forfeitable accrued benefits under such Plan
exceeds (ii) the fair market value of all Plan assets allocable to such benefits, all determined as
of the then most recent valuation date for such Plan, but only to the extent that such excess
represents a potential liability of a member of the Controlled Group to the PBGC or the Plan under
Title IV of ERISA.



“U.S. Dollars” and “$” each means the lawful currency of the United States of America.



“Utilization Fee Rate” means the percentage set forth in Schedule 1A hereto corresponding to
the then applicable Level.



“Voting Stock” of any Person means capital stock of any class or classes or other equity
interests (however designated) having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or
similar governing body of such Person.



“Welfare Plan” means a “welfare plan”, as defined in Section 3(l) of ERISA.



















Section 1.2 Interpretation. The foregoing definitions shall be equally applicable to both the
singular and plural forms of the terms defined. All references to times of day in this Agreement
shall be references to Chicago, Illinois time unless otherwise specifically provided. Where the
character or amount of any asset or liability or item of income or expense is required to be
determined or any consolidation or other accounting computation is required to be made for the
purposes of this Agreement, the same shall be done in accordance with GAAP, to the extent
applicable, except where such principles are inconsistent with the specific provisions of this
Agreement.



SECTION 2. THE REVOLVING CREDIT.



Section 2.1 The Loan Commitment. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Bank, by
its acceptance hereof, severally agrees to make a loan or loans (individually a “Loan” and
collectively “Loans”) to the Borrower from time to time on a revolving basis in an aggregate
outstanding amount up to the amount of its revolving credit commitment set forth on the applicable
signature page hereof (such amount, as increased or reduced pursuant to Section 2.12 or changed as
a result of one or more assignments under Section 11.12, its “Revolving Credit Commitment” and,
cumulatively for all the Banks, the “Revolving Credit Commitments”) before the Termination Date,
provided that the sum of the aggregate amount of Loans and of L/C Obligations at any time
outstanding shall not exceed the Revolving Credit Commitments in effect at such time, and provided,
further, that no Loan may remain unpaid and outstanding hereunder for longer than 365 days from the
date made unless Borrower complies with the provisions of Section 2.7 hereof. Each Borrowing of
Loans shall be made ratably from the Banks in proportion to their respective Percentages. As
provided in Section 2.5(a) hereof, the Borrower may elect that each Borrowing of Loans be either
Base Rate Loans or LIBOR Loans. Loans may be repaid and the principal amount thereof re-borrowed
before the Termination Date, subject to all the terms and conditions hereof. The initial amount of
Revolving Credit Commitments under this Agreement equals TWO HUNDRED FIFTY MILLION DOLLARS
($250,000,000). Notwithstanding the foregoing to the contrary and so long as no Default or Event
of Default exists, Borrower may, upon written election delivered to Administrative Agent,
permanently increase the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments by $50,000,000 to THREE HUNDRED
MILLION DOLLARS ($300,000,000) (less the amount of any previous reductions of the Revolving Credit
Commitment pursuant to Section 2.12), by (a) increasing the Revolving Credit Commitment of one or
more Banks which have agreed to such increase and/or (b) adding one or more commercial banks or
other Persons as a Bank hereto (each an “Additional Bank”) with a Revolving Credit Commitment in an
amount agreed to by any such Additional Bank; provided that no Additional Bank shall be added as a
party hereto without the written consent of the Administrative Agent (which shall not be
unreasonably withheld) or if a Default or an Event of Default exists. Any increase in the
aggregate Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to this clause Section shall be effective three
Business Days after the date on which the Administrative Agent has received and accepted the
applicable documentation memorializing and evidencing such increases by the applicable Banks. The
Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Banks of any increase in the amount
of the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to this Section and of the Revolving Credit
Commitment of each Bank after giving effect thereto. The Borrower acknowledges that, in order to
maintain Loans in accordance with each Bank’s pro-rata share of all outstanding Borrowings prior to
any increase in the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to this Section, a reallocation
of the





















Revolving Credit Commitments as a result of a non-pro-rata increase in the aggregate Revolving
Credit Commitment may require prepayment of all or portions of certain Borrowings on the date of
such increase (and any such prepayment shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2.11).



Section 2.2 Letters of Credit.



(a) General Terms. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, as part of the Revolving
Credit the Issuing Banks shall issue standby letters of credit denominated in U.S. Dollars (each a
“Letter of Credit”) for Borrower’s account, provided that the aggregate amount of L/C Obligations
outstanding at any time shall not exceed the lesser of (i) the L/C Sublimit, and (ii) the
difference between the Commitments in effect at such time and the aggregate amount of Loans then
outstanding. Each Letter of Credit shall be a standby or documentary letter of credit issued to
support the obligations (including pension or insurance obligations), contingent or otherwise, of
the Borrower. Each Letter of Credit shall have a stated term not to exceed one year. Each Letter
of Credit shall be issued by the applicable Issuing Bank, but each Bank shall be obligated to
purchase an undivided percentage participation interest of such Letter of Credit from the
applicable Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.2(d) hereof in an amount equal to its Percentage of
the amount of each drawing thereunder and, accordingly, the undrawn face amount of each Letter of
Credit shall constitute usage of the Commitment of each Bank pro rata in accordance with each
Bank’s Percentage. The Borrower shall execute a master letter of credit agreement with each
Issuing Bank (collectively, the “Master Letter of Credit Agreement”) which shall contain certain
terms applicable to the Letters of Credit. To the extent any provision of the Master Letter of
Credit Agreement is inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement
shall control. No Issuing Bank shall have an obligation pursuant to the Credit Documents to issue
any Letter of Credit if, after giving effect to the issuance of such Letter of Credit, the
aggregate face amount of all Letters of Credit then outstanding would exceed $25,000,000 (the “L/C
Sublimit”).



(b) Applications. At any time before thirty (30) days prior to the Termination Date, an
Issuing Bank shall, at the request of Borrower given to such Issuing Bank at least three (3)
Business Days prior to the requested date of issuance, issue one or more Letters of Credit, in a
form satisfactory to such Issuing Bank, with terms of up to one year each, in an aggregate face
amount as set forth above, upon the receipt of a duly executed application for the relevant Letter
of Credit in the form customarily prescribed by such Issuing Bank for the type of Letter of Credit,
requested (each an “Application”). Notwithstanding anything contained in any Application to the
contrary (i) Borrower’s obligation to pay fees in connection with each Letter of Credit shall be as
exclusively set forth in Section 3.1(b) hereof, and (ii) if the applicable Issuing Bank is not
timely reimbursed for the amount of any drawing under a Letter of Credit on the date such drawing
is paid or on the next following Business Day (it being understood that a drawing which is
reimbursed pursuant to, and in accordance with, the last sentence of Section 2.5(c) shall be deemed
to have been timely reimbursed), Borrower’s obligation to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank for
the amount of such drawing shall bear interest (which Borrower hereby promises to pay on demand)
from and after the date such drawing is paid at a rate per annum equal to the sum of two percent
(2%) plus the Base Rate Margin plus the Base Rate from time to time in effect. The applicable
Issuing Bank will promptly notify the Banks of each issuance by it of a Letter of Credit and any
amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit. Each Issuing Bank agrees to issue amendments to any
Letters of Credit issued by it increasing the





















amount, or extending the expiration date, thereof at the request of Borrower subject to the
conditions set forth herein (including the conditions set forth in Section 6.2 and the other terms
of this Section 2.2). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, an Issuing Bank’s
obligation to issue, amend or extend the expiration date of a Letter of Credit is subject to the
conditions set forth herein (including the conditions set forth in Section 6.2 and the other terms
of this Section 2.2) and an Issuing Bank will not issue, amend or extend the expiration date of any
Letter of Credit if any Bank notifies such Issuing Bank of any failure to satisfy or otherwise
comply with such conditions and terms and directs such Issuing Bank not to take such action. In
the event any Letter(s) of Credit are outstanding at the time that Borrower is required to prepay
or repay the Obligations, Borrower shall (A) cause such Letter(s) of Credit to be surrendered and
delivered to the Issuing Bank for cancellation, (B) cause a financial institution acceptable to the
Issuing Bank in its sole discretion to issue, for the benefit of the Issuing Bank, a sight draft
letter of credit in amount, form and substance acceptable to the Issuing Bank in its sole
discretion in order to backstop the Letter(s) of Credit, or (C) (1) deposit with the Issuing Bank,
cash in an amount equal to one hundred and five percent (105%) of the aggregate L/C Obligations to
be available to Issuing Bank to reimburse payments of drafts drawn under such Letter(s) of Credit
and pay any fees and expenses related thereto and (2) prepay the fee payable with respect to such
Letters of Credit for the full remaining terms of such Letters of Credit. Upon termination of any
such Letter of Credit, the unearned portion of such prepaid fee attributable to such Letter of
Credit shall be refunded to Borrower, together with the sight draft letters of credit described in
clause (B) and the deposit described in the preceding clause (C)(1) to the extent not previously
applied by the Issuing Bank in the manner described herein.



(c) The Reimbursement Obligations. Subject to Section 2.2(b) hereof, the obligation of
Borrower to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank for all drawings under a Letter of Credit (a
“Reimbursement Obligation”) shall be governed, to the extent not inconsistent with this Agreement,
by the Master Letter of Credit Agreement and the Application related to such Letter of Credit,
except that reimbursement of each drawing shall be made in immediately available funds at the
applicable Issuing Bank’s principal office in New York, New York by no later than 12:30 p.m.
(Chicago time) on the date when such drawing is paid or, if such drawing was paid after 11:30 p.m.
(Chicago time), by 10:30 a.m. (Chicago time) the next day. If Borrower does not make any such
reimbursement payment on the date due (whether through a deemed request for a Base Rate Loan
pursuant to Section 2.5(c) or otherwise) and the Banks fund their participations therein in the
manner set forth in Section 2.2(d) below, then all payments thereafter received by an Issuing Bank
in discharge of any of the relevant Reimbursement Obligations shall be distributed in accordance
with Section 2.2(d) below. An Issuing Bank shall notify Borrower promptly of its intent to pay, or
payment of, a drawing under a Letter of Credit.



(d) The Participating Interests. Each Bank, by its acceptance hereof, severally agrees to
purchase from each Issuing Bank, and each Issuing Bank hereby agrees to sell to each such Bank, an
undivided percentage participating interest (a “Participating Interest”), to the extent of its
Percentage, in each Letter of Credit issued by, and each Reimbursement Obligation owed to, such
Issuing Bank. Upon any failure by Borrower to pay any Reimbursement Obligation at the time
required on the date the related drawing is paid, as set forth in Section 2.2(c) above, or if an
Issuing Bank is required at any time to return to Borrower or to a trustee, receiver, liquidator,
custodian or other Person any portion of any payment of any Reimbursement Obligation, each Bank
shall, not later than the Business Day it receives a demand from such Issuing Bank to such





















effect, if such demand is received before 1:00 p.m. (Chicago time), or not later than the
following Business Day, if such demand is received after such time, pay to such Issuing Bank an
amount equal to its Percentage of such unpaid or recaptured Reimbursement Obligation together with
interest on such amount accrued from the date the related payment was made by such Issuing Bank to
the date of such payment by such Bank a rate per annum equal to (i) from the date the related
payment was made by such Issuing Bank to the date two (2) Business Days after payment by such Bank
is due hereunder, the Federal Funds Rate for each such day and (ii) from the date two (2) Business
Days after the date such payment is due from such Bank to the date such payment is made by such
Bank, the Base Rate in effect for each such day. Each such Bank shall thereafter be entitled to
receive its Percentage of each payment received in respect of the relevant Reimbursement Obligation
and of interest paid thereon, with the applicable Issuing Bank retaining its Percentage as a Bank
hereunder.



The several obligations of the Banks to the Issuing Banks under this Section 2.2 shall be
absolute, irrevocable and unconditional under any and all circumstances whatsoever and shall not be
subject to any set-off, counterclaim or defense to payment which any Bank may have or have had
against Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, any Bank or any other Person
whatsoever. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such obligations shall not be
affected by any Default or Event of Default or by any reduction, increase or termination of any
Commitment of any Bank, and each payment by a Bank under this Section 2.2 shall be made without any
offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. The Issuing Banks and the Administrative
Agent shall be entitled to offset amounts received for the account of a Bank under the Credit
Documents against unpaid amounts due from such Bank to the applicable Issuing Bank or the
Administrative Agent, as applicable, hereunder (whether as fundings of participations, indemnities
or otherwise).



(e) Indemnification. The Banks shall, to the extent of their respective Percentages,
indemnify each Issuing Bank (to the extent not reimbursed by Borrower) against any cost, expense
(including reasonable counsel fees and disbursements), claim, demand, action, loss or liability
(except such as result from such Issuing Bank’s gross negligence or willful misconduct) that an
Issuing Bank may suffer or incur in connection with any Letter of Credit issued by it. The Issuing
Banks shall be entitled to all of the rights and protections afforded the Administrative Agent
under Section 10 hereof. The obligations of the Banks under this Section 2.2(e) and all other
parts of this Section 2.2 shall survive termination of this Agreement and of all other L/C
Documents.



(f) Issuing Banks. Each Bank hereby appoints ABN AMRO Bank N.V. and each other Bank from time
to time designated by Borrower as an Issuing Bank hereunder and hereby authorizes each such Issuing
Bank to take such action as an Issuing Bank on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the
Credit Documents as are delegated to the Issuing Banks by the terms thereof, together with such
powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The relationship between each of the Issuing Banks and
the Banks is and shall be that of agent and principal only, and nothing contained in this Agreement
or any other Credit Document shall be construed to constitute an Issuing Bank as a trustee or
fiduciary for any Bank or the Borrower.



Section 2.3 Applicable Interest Rates. (a) Base Rate Loans. Each Base Rate Loan made or
maintained by a Bank shall bear interest during each Interest Period it is outstanding


















(computed (x) at all times the Base Rate is based on the rate described in clause (i) of the
definition thereof, on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as applicable, and actual days
elapsed or (y) at all times the Base Rate is based on the rate described in clause (ii) of the
definition thereof, on the basis of a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed) on the unpaid
principal amount thereof from the date such Loan is advanced, continued or created by conversion
from a LIBOR Loan until maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise) at a rate per annum equal
to the sum of the Applicable Margin plus the Base Rate from time to time in effect, payable on the
last day of its Interest Period and at maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise).




“Base Rate” means for any day the greater of:




i the rate of interest announced by ABN AMRO Bank N.V. from time to time as its “Prime
Commercial Lending Rate,” or equivalent, for U.S. Dollar loans as in effect on such day,
with any change in the Base Rate resulting from a change in said prime rate to be effective
as of the date of the relevant change in said “Prime Commercial Lending Rate”; and




ii the sum of (x) the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the prevailing
rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a
percentage point) at approximately 10:00 a.m. (Chicago time) (or as soon thereafter as is
practicable) on such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the immediately
preceding Business Day) for the purchase at face value of overnight Federal funds in an
amount comparable to the principal amount owed to ABN AMRO Bank N.V. for which such rate is
being determined, plus (y) one-half of one percent (0.50%).



(b) LIBOR Loans. Each LIBOR Loan made or maintained by a Bank shall bear interest during each
Interest Period it is outstanding (computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and actual days
elapsed) on the unpaid principal amount thereof from the date such Loan is advanced, continued, or
created by conversion from a Base Rate Loan until maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise)
at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin plus the LIBOR applicable for such
Interest Period, payable on the last day of the Interest Period and at maturity (whether by
acceleration or otherwise), and, if the applicable Interest Period is longer than three months, on
each day occurring every three months after the commencement of such Interest Period.



“LIBOR” means, for an Interest Period for a Borrowing of LIBOR Loans, (a) the LIBOR Index Rate
for such Interest Period, if such rate is available, and (b) if the LIBOR Index Rate cannot be
determined, the arithmetic average of the rates of interest per annum (rounded upwards, if
necessary, to the nearest one-sixteenth of one percent) at which deposits in U.S. Dollars in
immediately available funds are offered to the Reference Bank at 11:00 a.m. (London, England time)
two (2) Business Days before the beginning of such Interest Period by major banks in the interbank
LIBOR market for delivery on the first day of and for a Period equal to such Interest Period in an
amount equal or comparable to the principal amount of the LIBOR Loan scheduled to be made by the
Reference Bank as part of such Borrowing.



“LIBOR Index Rate” means, for any Interest Period, the rate per annum (rounded





















upwards, if necessary, to the next higher one-sixteenth of one percent) for deposits in U.S.
Dollars, for delivery on the first day of and for a period equal to such Interest Period in an
amount equal or comparable to the principal amount of the LIBOR Loan scheduled to be made by ABN
AMRO Bank N.V. as part of such Borrowing, which appears on the Applicable Telerate Page, as
appropriate for such currency, as of 11:00 a.m. (London, England time) on the day two (2) Business
Days before the commencement of such Interest Period.



“Applicable Telerate Page” means the display page designated as “Page 3750” on the Telerate
Service (or such other page as may replace such page, as appropriate, on that service or such other
service as may be nominated by the British Bankers’ Association as the information vendor for the
purpose of displaying British Bankers’ Association Interest Settlement Rates for deposits in U.S.
Dollars).



“LIBOR Reserve Percentage” means for any Borrowing of LIBOR Loans from any Bank, the daily
average for the applicable Interest Period of the actual effective rate, expressed as a decimal, at
which reserves (including, without limitation, any supplemental, marginal and emergency reserves)
are maintained by such Bank during such Interest Period pursuant to Regulation D of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) on “LIBOR liabilities”, as defined in
such Board’s Regulation D (or in respect of any other category of liabilities that includes
deposits by reference to which the interest rate on LIBOR Loans is determined or any category of
extensions of credit or other assets that include loans by non-United States offices of any Bank to
United States residents), subject to any amendments of such reserve requirement by such Board or
its successor, taking into account any transitional adjustments thereto. For purposes of this
definition, the LIBOR Loans shall be deemed to be “LIBOR liabilities” as defined in Regulation D
without benefit or credit for any prorations, exemptions or offsets under Regulation D.



(c) Rate Determinations. The Administrative Agent shall determine each interest rate
applicable to Obligations and the amount of all Obligations, and a determination thereof by the
Administrative Agent shall be conclusive and binding except in the case of manifest error.



Section 2.4 Minimum Borrowing Amounts. Each Borrowing of Base Rate Loans shall be in an
amount not less than $1,000,000 and in integral multiples of $500,000. Each Borrowing of LIBOR
Loans shall be in an amount not less than $2,000,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000,000;
provided that a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans applied to pay a Reimbursement Obligation pursuant to
Section 2.5(c) hereof shall be in an amount equal to such Reimbursement Obligation.



Section 2.5 Manner of Borrowing Loans and Designating Interest Rates Applicable to Loans. (a)
Notice to the Administrative Agent. The Borrower shall give notice to the Administrative Agent by
no later than 10:00 a.m. (Chicago time) (i) at least two (2) Business Days before the date on which
the Borrower requests the Banks to advance a Borrowing of LIBOR Loans and (ii) at least one (1)
Business Day before the date on which the Borrower requests the Banks to advance a Borrowing of
Base Rate Loans. The Loans included in each Borrowing shall bear interest initially at the type of
rate specified in such notice of a new Borrowing. Thereafter, the Borrower may from time to time
elect to change or continue the type of interest rate borne by each Borrowing or, subject to
Section 2.4’s minimum amount





















requirement for each outstanding Borrowing, a portion thereof, as follows: (i) if such
Borrowing is of LIBOR Loans, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, the
Borrower may continue part or all of such Borrowing as LIBOR Loans for an Interest Period or
Interest Periods specified by the Borrower or convert part or all of such Borrowing into Base Rate
Loans, (ii) if such Borrowing is of Base Rate Loans, on any Business Day, the Borrower may convert
all or part of such Borrowing into LIBOR Loans for an Interest Period or Interest Periods
specified by the Borrower. The Borrower shall give all such notices requesting the advance,
continuation, or conversion of a Borrowing to the Administrative Agent by telephone or facsimile
(which notice shall be irrevocable once given and, if by telephone, shall be promptly confirmed in
writing). Notices of the continuation of a Borrowing of LIBOR Loans for an additional Interest
Period or of the conversion of part or all of a Borrowing of LIBOR Loans into Base Rate Loans or of
Base Rate Loans into LIBOR Loans must be given by no later than 10:00 a.m. (Chicago time) at least
three (3) Business Days before the date of the requested continuation or conversion. All such
notices concerning the advance, continuation, or conversion of a Borrowing shall specify the date
of the requested advance, continuation or conversion of a Borrowing (which shall be a Business
Day), the amount of the requested Borrowing to be advanced, continued, or converted, the type of
Loans to comprise such new, continued or converted Borrowing and, if such Borrowing is to be
comprised of LIBOR Loans, the Interest Period applicable thereto. The Borrower agrees that the
Administrative Agent may rely on any such telephonic or facsimile notice given by any person it in
good faith believes is an Authorized Representative without the necessity of independent
investigation, and in the event any such notice by telephone conflicts with any written
confirmation, such telephonic notice shall govern if the Administrative Agent has acted in reliance
thereon. There may be no more than fifteen different Interest Periods in effect at any one time,
provided that for purposes of determining the number of Interest Periods in effect at any one time,
all Base Rate Loans shall be deemed to have one and the same Interest Period.



(b) Notice to the Banks. The Administrative Agent shall give prompt telephonic or facsimile
notice to each Bank of any notice from the Borrower received pursuant to Section 2.5(a) above. The
Administrative Agent shall give notice to the Borrower and each Bank by like means of the interest
rate applicable to each Borrowing of LIBOR Loans.



(c) Borrower’s Failure to Notify. Any outstanding Borrowing of Base Rate Loans shall, subject
to Section 6.2 hereof, automatically be continued for an additional Interest Period on the last day
of its then current Interest Period as a Base Rate Loan unless the Borrower has notified the
Administrative Agent within the period required by Section 2.5(a) that it intends to convert such
Borrowing into a Borrowing of LIBOR Loans or notifies the Administrative Agent within the period
required by Section 2.8(a) that it intends to prepay such Borrowing. If the Borrower fails to give
notice pursuant to Section 2.5(a) above of the continuation or conversion of any outstanding
principal amount of a Borrowing of LIBOR Loans before the last day of its then current Interest
Period within the period required by Section 2.5(a) and has not notified the Administrative Agent
within the period required by Section 2.8(a) that it intends to prepay such Borrowing, such
Borrowing shall automatically be converted into a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, subject to Section
6.2 hereof. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Banks of the Borrower’s failure to
so give a notice under Section 2.5(a). In the event Borrower fails to give notice pursuant to
Section 2.5(a) above of a Borrowing equal to the amount of a Reimbursement Obligation and has not
notified the Administrative Agent by 11:00 am (Chicago





















time) on the day such Reimbursement Obligation becomes due that it intends to repay such
Reimbursement Obligation through funds not borrowed under this Agreement, Borrower shall be deemed
to have requested a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans on such day in the amount of the Reimbursement
Obligation then due, subject to Section 6.2 hereof, which Borrowing shall be applied to pay the
Reimbursement Obligation then due.



(d) Disbursement of Loans. Not later than 11:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the date of any
requested advance of a new Borrowing of LIBOR Loans, and not later than 12:00 noon (Chicago time)
on the date of any requested advance of a new Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, subject to Section 6
hereof, each Bank shall make available its Loan comprising part of such Borrowing in funds
immediately available at the principal office of the Administrative Agent in Chicago, Illinois. The
Administrative Agent shall make available to the Borrower Loans at the Administrative Agent’s
principal office in Chicago, Illinois or such other office as the Administrative Agent has
previously agreed in writing to with the Borrower, in each case in the type of funds received by
the Administrative Agent from the Banks.



(e) Administrative Agent Reliance on Bank Funding. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have
been notified by a Bank before the date on which such Bank is scheduled to make payment to the
Administrative Agent of the proceeds of a Loan (which notice shall be effective upon receipt) that
such Bank does not intend to make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Bank
has made such payment when due and the Administrative Agent may in reliance upon such assumption
(but shall not be required to) make available to the Borrower the proceeds of the Loan to be made
by such Bank and, if any Bank has not in fact made such payment to the Administrative Agent, such
Bank shall, on demand, pay to the Administrative Agent the amount made available to the Borrower
attributable to such Bank together with interest thereon in respect of each day during the period
commencing on the date such amount was made available to the Borrower and ending on (but excluding)
the date such Bank pays such amount to the Administrative Agent at a rate per annum equal to the
Federal Funds Rate. If such amount is not received from such Bank by the Administrative Agent
immediately upon demand, the Borrower will, on demand, repay to the Administrative Agent the
proceeds of the Loan attributable to such Bank with interest thereon at a rate per annum equal to
the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan, provided that such a repayment by the Borrower
shall not be subject to Section 2.11 hereof.



Section 2.6 Interest Periods. As provided in Section 2.5(a) hereof, at the time of each
request to advance, continue, or create by conversion a Borrowing of LIBOR Loans, the Borrower
shall select an Interest Period applicable to such Loans from among the available options. The term
“Interest Period” means the period commencing on the date a Borrowing of Loans is advanced,
continued, or created by conversion and ending: (a) in the case of Base Rate Loans, on the last
Business Day of the calendar quarter in which such Borrowing is advanced, continued, or created by
conversion (or on the last day of the following calendar quarter if such Loan is advanced,
continued or created by conversion on the last Business Day of a calendar quarter), and (b) in the
case of LIBOR Loans, 1, 2, 3, or 6 months thereafter; provided, however, that:



(a) any Interest Period for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans that otherwise would end after the
Termination Date shall end on the Termination Date;



















(b) for any Borrowing of LIBOR Loans, the Borrower may not select an Interest Period that
extends beyond the Termination Date;



(c) whenever the last day of any Interest Period would otherwise be a day that is not a
Business Day, the last day of such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding
Business Day, provided that, if such extension would cause the last day of an Interest Period for a
Borrowing of LIBOR Loans to occur in the following calendar month, the last day of such Interest
Period shall be the immediately preceding Business Day; and



(d) for purposes of determining an Interest Period for a Borrowing of LIBOR Loans, a month
means a period starting on one day in a calendar month and ending on the numerically corresponding
day in the next calendar month; provided, however, that if there is no numerically corresponding
day in the month in which such an Interest Period is to end or if such an Interest Period begins on
the last Business Day of a calendar month, then such Interest Period shall end on the last Business
Day of the calendar month in which such Interest Period is to end.



Section 2.7 Maturity of Loans. Unless an earlier maturity is provided for hereunder (whether
by acceleration or otherwise), each Loan shall mature and become due and payable by the Borrower on
the Termination Date. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, no Loan shall
mature on a date that is more than one year from the date that the Borrowing for such Loan is
advanced or continued by the Banks, unless the Borrower, in each case, delivers to the
Administrative Agent on behalf of the Banks a written opinion of counsel to the Borrower reasonably
acceptable to the Administrative Agent stating that no consent, approval or authorization of, or
filing with, any governmental authority of the State of Illinois (including, without limitation,
the Illinois Commerce Commission) or of the United States is required for (i) the undertaking of
such Loan by the Borrower and the Borrower’s performance of any Credit Documents in connection
therewith, or (ii) the validity, binding effect or enforceability of any Credit Documents with
respect to such Loan, except (A) in each case as shall then have previously been made or obtained
and (B) consents, approvals, authorizations or filings as may be required to be obtained or made by
the Banks as a result of their involvement in the transactions contemplated by the Credit
Documents.



Section 2.8 Prepayments. (a) The Borrower may prepay without premium or penalty and in whole
or in part (but, if in part, then: (i) if such Borrowing is of Base Rate Loans, in an amount not
less than $5,000,000 and integral multiples of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, (ii) if such Borrowing
is of LIBOR Loans, in an amount not less than $5,000,000 and integral multiples of $1,000,000 in
excess thereof and (iii) in an amount such that the minimum amount required for a Borrowing
pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof remains outstanding) any Borrowing of LIBOR Loans upon three
Business Days’ prior notice to the Administrative Agent or, in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate
Loans, notice delivered to the Administrative Agent no later than 10:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the
date of prepayment, such prepayment to be made by the payment of the principal amount to be prepaid
and accrued interest thereon to the date fixed for prepayment. In the case of LIBOR Loans, any
amounts owing under Section 2.11 hereof as a result of such prepayment shall be paid
contemporaneously with such prepayment. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise each Bank of
any such prepayment notice it receives from the Borrower. Any amount paid or prepaid before the
Termination Date may, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, be borrowed, repaid
and borrowed again.



















(b) At any time that the Borrower becomes aware, or should have become aware (pursuant to
Borrower’s ordinary business practices) that the aggregate amount of outstanding Loans and L/C
Obligations shall at any time for any reason exceed the Revolving Credit Commitments then in
effect, the Borrower shall, immediately notify the Administrative Agent of this determination.
Within two (2) Business Days of the delivery of the notice described in the preceding sentence, the
Borrower shall, without further notice or demand, pay the amount of such excess to the
Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of the Banks as a prepayment of the Loans and, if
necessary, a prefunding of the Letters of Credit. Each such prepayment shall be accompanied by a
payment of all accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans prepaid and shall be subject to Section
2.11.



Section 2.9 Default Rate. If any payment of principal on any Loan or other Obligation is not
made when due (whether by acceleration or otherwise), such Loan shall bear interest (computed on
the basis of a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed or, if based on the rate described in
clause (i) of the definition of Base Rate, on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as
applicable, and the actual number of days elapsed) from the date such payment was due until paid in
full, payable on demand, at a rate per annum equal to:



(a) for any Base Rate Loan or Obligation other than a LIBOR Loan, the sum of two percent (2%)
plus the Applicable Margin plus the Base Rate from time to time in effect; and



(b) for any LIBOR Loan, the sum of two percent (2%) plus the rate of interest in effect
thereon at the time of such default until the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto and,
thereafter, at a rate per annum equal to the sum of two percent (2%) plus the Applicable Margin
plus the Base Rate from time to time in effect.



Section 2.10 Evidence of Debt. (a) Each Bank shall maintain in accordance with its usual
practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Bank resulting
from each Loan owing to such Bank from time to time, including the amounts of principal and
interest payable and paid to such Bank from time to time hereunder in respect of Loans. The
Borrower agrees that upon notice by any Bank to the Borrower (with a copy of such notice to the
Administrative Agent) to the effect that a Note is required or appropriate in order for such Bank
to evidence (whether for purposes of pledge, enforcement or otherwise) the Loans owing to, or to be
made by, such Bank under the Credit Documents, the Borrower shall promptly execute and deliver to
such Bank a promissory note in the form of Exhibit A hereto (each such promissory note is
hereinafter referred to as a “Note” and collectively such promissory notes are referred to as the
“Notes”).



(b) The Register maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 11.12(c) shall
include a control account, and a subsidiary account for each Bank, in which accounts (taken
together) shall be recorded (i) the date and amount of each Borrowing made hereunder, the type of
Loan comprising such Borrowing and, if appropriate, the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii)
the terms of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and accepted by it, (iii) the amount of
any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable
from the Borrower to each Bank hereunder and (iv) the amount of any sum received by the
Administrative Agent from the Borrower hereunder and each Bank’s share thereof.



















(c) Entries made in good faith by the Administrative Agent in the Register pursuant to
subsection (b) above, and by each Bank in its account or accounts pursuant to subsection (a) above,
shall be prima facie evidence of the amount of principal and interest due and
payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to, in the case of the Register, each Bank
and, in the case of such account or accounts, such Bank, under this Agreement, absent manifest
error; provided, however, that the failure of the Administrative Agent or such Bank to make an
entry, or any finding that an entry is incorrect, in the Register or such account or accounts shall
not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement.



Section 2.11 Funding Indemnity. If any Bank shall incur any loss, cost or expense (including,
without limitation, any loss, cost or expense (excluding loss of margin) incurred by reason of the
liquidation or re-employment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Bank to fund or maintain
any LIBOR Loan or the relending or reinvesting of such deposits or amounts paid or prepaid to such
Bank) as a result of:



(a) any payment (whether by acceleration or otherwise), prepayment or conversion of a LIBOR
Loan on a date other than the last day of its Interest Period,



(b) any failure (because of a failure to meet the conditions of Section 6 or otherwise) by the
Borrower to borrow or continue a LIBOR Loan, or to convert a Base Rate Loan into a LIBOR Loan, on
the date specified in a notice given pursuant to Section 2.5(a) or established pursuant to Section
2.5(c) hereof,



(c) any failure by the Borrower to make any payment of principal on any LIBOR Loan when due
(whether by acceleration or otherwise), or



(d) any acceleration of the maturity of a LIBOR Loan as a result of the occurrence of any
Event of Default hereunder,


then, upon the demand of such Bank, the Borrower shall pay to such Bank such amount as will
reimburse such Bank for such loss, cost or expense. If any Bank makes such a claim for
compensation, it shall provide to the Borrower, with a copy to the Administrative Agent, a
certificate executed by an officer of such Bank setting forth the amount of such loss, cost or
expense in reasonable detail (including an explanation of the basis for and the computation of such
loss, cost or expense) and the amounts shown on such certificate if reasonably calculated shall be
conclusive absent manifest error.




Section 2.12 Revolving Credit Commitment Terminations. The Borrower shall have the right at
any time and from time to time, upon five (5) Business Days’ prior written notice to the
Administrative Agent, to terminate the Revolving Credit Commitments without premium or penalty, in
whole or in part, any partial termination to be (i) in an amount not less than $5,000,000 and
integral multiples of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, and (ii) allocated ratably among the Banks in
proportion to their respective Percentages, provided that the Revolving Credit Commitments may not
be reduced to an amount less than the sum of the amount of all Loans and all L/C Obligations then
outstanding. The Administrative Agent shall give prompt
notice to each Bank of any such termination of Revolving Credit Commitments. Any termination
of Revolving Credit Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.12 may not be reinstated.



















Section 2.13 Regulation D Compensation. Each Bank may require the Borrower to pay,
contemporaneously with each payment of interest on the LIBOR Loans, additional interest on the
related LIBOR Loans of such Bank at a rate per annum equal to the excess of (i)(A) the applicable
LIBOR rate (or other base rate determined pursuant to Section 2.9(b)) divided by (B) one minus the
LIBOR Reserve Percentage over (ii) the rate specified in clause (i)(A). Any computation by a Bank
of such additional interest shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Any Bank wishing to require
payment of such additional interest (x) shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that
it is subject to LIBOR reserves under Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System (or any successor regulation), in which case such additional interest on the LIBOR Loans of
such Bank shall be payable to such Bank at the place indicated in such notice with respect to each
Interest Period commencing at least five (5) Business Days after the giving of such notice and (y)
shall notify the Borrower at least five (5) Business Days prior to each date on which interest is
payable on the LIBOR Loans of the amount then due under this Section.



Section 2.14 Arbitrage Compensation. If at the time of the making of any Loan hereunder, the
interest rate payable hereunder in respect of such Loan is less than the rate (as determined by the
Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower) at which funds of comparable term and
amount are generally available to the Borrower in the commercial paper market (the “CP Rate”) (an
“Arbitrage Condition”), the Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of
each Bank arbitrage compensation on such Loan at a rate equal to the difference between the
effective interest rate payable hereunder (inclusive of all fees) in respect of such Loan and the
CP Rate as applied to such Loan. Such payments shall continue, at the time and in the manner set
forth for payments of interest on such Loan, for as long as the Arbitrage Condition continues.
Upon the termination of the Arbitrage Condition for any reason (as determined by the Administrative
Agent in consultation with the Borrower), such payments shall no longer be due with respect to
such Loan, even if a future Arbitrage Condition were to occur prior to repayment in full of such
Loan.



SECTION 3. FEES.



Section 3.1 Fees.



(a) Commitment Fee. For the period from the Effective Date to and including the Termination
Date, Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Banks in
accordance with their Percentages a commitment fee accruing at a rate per annum equal to the
Commitment Fee Rate on the average daily amount of the unused Revolving Credit Commitments. Such
commitment fee is payable in arrears on September 30, 2005, on the last Business Day of each
calendar quarter thereafter and on the Termination Date, unless the Revolving Credit Commitments
are terminated in whole on an earlier date, in which event the fee for the period to but not
including the date of such termination shall be paid in whole on the date of such termination.



(b) Letter of Credit Fees.




i Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Bank letter of
credit fees with respect to the Letters of Credit at a rate per annum equal to




















the L/C Fee
Rate on the average daily maximum undrawn face amount of such outstanding Letters of Credit
(including any Letters of Credit outstanding after the termination of the Commitments),
computed in each case on a quarterly basis in arrears on the last Business Day of each
calendar quarter and on the Termination Date.




ii Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of each Issuing Bank,
as issuer of each Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, for the sole account of such
Issuing Bank, a letter of credit fronting fee for each outstanding Letter of Credit issued
by such Issuing Bank at the rate per annum equal to 0.125% on the average daily maximum
undrawn face amount of outstanding Letters of Credit (including any Letters of Credit
outstanding after the termination of the Commitments), computed on the last Business Day of
each calendar quarter and on the Termination Date.




iii The letter of credit fees payable under Section 3.1(b)(i) and the fronting fees
payable under Section 3.1(b)(ii) shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last
Business Day of each calendar quarter during which Letters of Credit are outstanding,
commencing on the first such quarterly date to occur after the Effective Date, and on the
Termination Date, and if the Commitments are terminated in whole on an earlier date, the fee
for the period to but not including the date of such termination shall be paid in whole on
the date of such termination.




iv Borrower shall pay to each Issuing Bank from time to time on demand the standard
costs and charges of such Issuing Bank relating to letters of credit as from time to time in
effect. Each Issuing Bank shall provide the Borrower with a schedule of such costs and
charges in effect from time to time.



(c) Utilization Fee. From and after the Effective Date, for any day on which the aggregate
principal amount of Loans and L/C Obligations then outstanding exceeds fifty percent (50%) of the
Commitments then in effect, Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account
of the Banks in accordance with their Percentages a utilization fee accruing at a rate per annum
equal to the Utilization Fee Rate on the aggregate amount of Loans and L/C Obligations outstanding
on such date. Such fee is payable in arrears on the last Business Day of each calendar quarter and
on the Termination Date, and if the Commitments are terminated in whole prior to the Termination
Date, the fee for the period to but not including the date of such termination shall be paid in
whole on the date of such termination.



(d) Administrative Agent Fees. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the
sole account of the Administrative Agent the fees agreed to between the Administrative Agent and
the Borrower in the Mandate Letter or as otherwise agreed in writing between them.



(e) Arranger Fees. Borrower shall pay to the Arrangers for the accounts of the Arrangers (and
no other Persons) the fees agreed to among the Arrangers and Borrower in the Mandate Letter or as
otherwise agreed in writing among them.



(f) Participation Fee. Borrower shall pay to each Bank for the account of each such Bank on
the Effective Date a participation fee equal to .075% of such Bank’s Revolving Credit Commitment.



















(g) Fee Calculations. All fees payable under this Agreement shall be payable in U.S. Dollars
and shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, for the actual number of days elapsed.
All determinations of the amount of fees owing hereunder (and the components thereof) shall be made
by the Administrative Agent and shall be conclusive absent manifest error.



Section 3.2 Replacement of Banks. If any Bank requests compensation pursuant to Section 9.3
or 11.1 hereof, or any Bank’s obligations to make Loans shall be suspended pursuant to Section 9.1
or 9.2 hereof, or any Bank becomes a Defaulting Bank pursuant to Section 11.13 hereof (any such
Bank requesting such compensation, or whose obligations are so suspended, or that becomes and
remains a Defaulting Bank being herein called a “Subject Bank”), the Borrower, upon three Business
Days’ notice, may require that such Subject Bank enter into an agreement in form and substance
satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent which transfers all of its right, title
and interest under this Agreement and such Subject Bank’s Note to any bank or other financial
institution (a “Proposed Bank”) identified by the Borrower that is satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent (i) if such Proposed Bank agrees to assume all of the obligations of such
Subject Bank hereunder, and to purchase all of such Subject Bank’s Loans for a consideration equal
to the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Subject Bank’s Loans, together with interest
thereon to the date of such purchase, and satisfactory arrangements are made for payment to such
Subject Bank of all other amounts payable hereunder to such Subject Bank on or prior to the date of
such transfer (including any fees accrued hereunder, any requested compensation pursuant to Section
9.3 or 11.1 hereof and any amounts that would be payable under Section 2.11 hereof as if all of
such Subject Bank’s Loans were being prepaid in full on such date) and (ii) if such Subject Bank
has requested compensation pursuant to Section 9.3 or 11.1 hereof, such Proposed Bank’s aggregate
requested compensation, if any, pursuant to said Section 9.3 or 11.1 with respect to such Subject
Bank’s Loans is lower than that of the Subject Bank, and thereupon such Proposed Bank shall be a
“Bank” for all purposes of this Agreement.



SECTION 4. PLACE AND APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS.



Section 4.1 Place and Application of Payments. All payments of principal of and interest on
the Loans, and of all other Obligations and other amounts payable by the Borrower under the Credit
Documents, shall be made by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank
if such payment is being made with respect to a Reimbursement Obligation, by no later than 12:30
p.m. (Chicago time) on the due date thereof at the principal office of the Administrative Agent or
the applicable Issuing Bank, as applicable, in New York, New York, pursuant to the payment
instructions set forth on Part A of Schedule 4 hereof (or such other location in the United States
as the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank, as applicable, may designate to the
Borrower) or, if such payment is on a Reimbursement Obligation, no later than provided by Section
2.2(c) hereof, in each case for the benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto. Any payments
received after such time shall be deemed to have been received by the Administrative Agent or the
Issuing Bank on the next Business Day. All such payments shall be made free and clear of, and
without deduction for, any set-off,
counterclaim, levy, or any other deduction of any kind in U.S. Dollars, in immediately
available funds at the place of payment. The Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank,
as applicable, will promptly thereafter cause to be distributed like funds relating to the payment
of principal or interest on Loans or applicable fees ratably to
the Banks and like funds relating
to





















the payment of any other amount payable to any Person to such Person, in each case to be applied
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.



SECTION 5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.



The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to each Bank as to itself and, where the following
representations and warranties apply to Subsidiaries, as to each of its Subsidiaries, as follows:



Section 5.1 Corporate Organization and Authority. The Borrower is duly organized and existing
in good standing under the laws of the State of Illinois; has all necessary corporate power to
carry on its present business; and is duly licensed or qualified and, in good standing in each
jurisdiction in which the failure to be so licensed, qualified or in good standing would have a
Material Adverse Effect.



Section 5.2 Corporate Authority and Validity of Obligations. The Borrower has full right and
authority to enter into this Agreement and the other Credit Documents to which it is a party, to
make the borrowings herein provided for, to issue its Notes in evidence thereof (and to have
applied) for the issuance of the Letters of Credit, and to perform all of its obligations under the
Credit Documents to which it is a party. Each Credit Document to which it is a party has been duly
authorized, executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes valid and binding obligations of
the Borrower enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited
by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforceability
of creditors’ rights generally and by equitable principles of general applicability (regardless of
whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). No Credit Document,
nor the performance or observance by the Borrower of any of the matters or things therein provided
for, contravenes any provision of law or any charter or by-law provision of the Borrower or any
material Contractual Obligation of or affecting the Borrower or any of its Properties or results in
or requires the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of the Properties or revenues of the
Borrower.



Section 5.3 Financial Statements. All financial statements heretofore delivered to the Banks
showing historical performance of the Borrower for each of the Borrower’s fiscal years ending on or
before March 31, 2005, have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles applied on a basis consistent, except as otherwise noted therein, with that of the
previous fiscal year. Each of such financial statements fairly presents on a consolidated basis the
financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the results of
operations for the periods covered thereby. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have no material
contingent liabilities other than those disclosed in the financial statements or in comments or
footnotes thereto, or in any report supplementary thereto, most recently furnished to the Banks as
of the time such representation and warranty is made, including reports of the Borrower filed with
the SEC from time to time. Since March 31, 2005 through the Effective Date, there has been no
event or series of events which has resulted in a Material Adverse Effect.



Section 5.4 Approvals. No authorization, approval, consent, license, exemption, filing or
registration with any court or governmental department, agency or instrumentality, nor any approval
or consent of the stockholders of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or from any other





















Person, is
necessary to the valid execution, delivery or performance by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any
Credit Document to which it is a party.



Section 5.5 ERISA. With respect to each Plan, the Borrower and each other member of the
Controlled Group has fulfilled its obligations under the minimum funding standards of and is in
compliance in all material respects with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended (“ERISA”), and with the Code to the extent applicable to it and has not incurred any
liability to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (“PBGC”) or a Plan under Title IV of ERISA
other than a liability to the PBGC for premiums under Section 4007 of ERISA. Neither the Borrower
nor any Subsidiary has any contingent liabilities for any post-retirement benefits under a Welfare
Plan, other than liability for continuation coverage described in Part 6 of Title I of ERISA.



Section 5.6 Government Regulation. Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is an “investment
company” within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.



Section 5.7 Margin Stock; Proceeds. Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is engaged
principally, or as one of its primary activities, in the business of extending credit for the
purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (“margin stock” to have the same meaning herein as
in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System). The Borrower will not use
the proceeds of any Loan or any Letter of Credit in a manner that violates any provision of
Regulation U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. The Borrower is not
subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. In addition, the Borrower is not
an “investment company” registered or required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of
1940. Proceeds of the Loans and the Letters of Credit will only be used to backstop commercial
paper issued by the Borrower and for general corporate purposes.



Section 5.8 Full Disclosure. All information heretofore furnished by the Borrower to the
Administrative Agent or any Bank for purposes of or in connection with the Credit Documents or any
transaction contemplated thereby is, and all such information hereafter furnished by the Borrower
to the Administrative Agent or any Bank will be, to the best of the Borrower’s knowledge, after due
inquiry, true and accurate in all material respects and not misleading on the date as of which such
information is stated or certified.



SECTION 6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.



The obligation of each Bank to advance any Loan, or of an Issuing Bank to issue, extend the
expiration date of or increase the amount of any Letter of Credit, shall be subject to the
following conditions precedent:



Section 6.1 Initial Credit Event. Before or concurrently with the Effective Date:



(a) The Administrative Agent shall have received for each Bank the favorable written opinion
of counsel to the Borrower reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent and in substantially the
form attached hereto as Exhibit C hereto;



















(b) The Administrative Agent shall have received for each Bank copies of (i) the Articles of
Incorporation, together with all amendments and (ii) the Borrower’s bylaws (or comparable
constituent documents) and any amendments thereto, certified in each instance by its Secretary or
an Assistant Secretary;



(c) The Administrative Agent shall have received for each Bank copies of resolutions of the
Borrower’s Board of Directors authorizing the execution and delivery of the Credit Documents and
the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby together with specimen signatures of the
persons authorized to execute such documents on the Borrower’s behalf, all certified in each
instance by its Secretary or an Assistant Secretary;



(d) The Administrative Agent shall have received for each Bank that has requested one, such
Bank’s duly executed Note of the Borrower dated the date hereof and otherwise in compliance with
the provisions of Section 2.10(a) hereof;



(e) The Administrative Agent shall have received for each Bank a duly executed original of (i)
this Agreement, (ii) a list of the Borrower’s Authorized Representatives and (iii) such other
documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request on behalf of any Bank;



(f) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate by the chief financial officer
of the Borrower, stating that on the Effective Date no Default or Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing, that all representations and warranties set forth herein are true and correct as of
such date, and that the Existing Credit Agreement has been terminated (and by its execution hereof
each Bank party to the Existing Credit Agreement agrees that the Existing Credit Agreement is
terminated);



(g) With respect to all Indebtedness and other obligations, absolute or contingent, under the
Existing Credit Agreement, a payoff letter from the agent for the lenders thereunder in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, together with such termination
statements, releases of mortgage Liens and other instruments, documents and/or agreements necessary
or appropriate to terminate any Liens in favor of such agent securing such obligations which is to
be paid off on the Effective Date as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, duly executed
and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;



(h) The Administrative Agent shall have received a duly executed original of the Mandate
Letter together with any fees then payable thereunder, and each Bank shall have received its
participation fee; and



(i) The Administrative Agent shall have received a duly executed Compliance Certificate
containing information as of March 31, 2005.



Section 6.2 All Credit Events. As of the time of each Credit Event hereunder:



(a) The Administrative Agent shall have received the notice required by Section 2.5 hereof, in
the case of the issuance of any Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank shall have received
the request for such Letter of Credit required by Section 2.2(b), and a duly completed





















Application
for a Letter of Credit and, in the case of an extension or increase in the amount of a Letter of
Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank shall have received a written request therefor, in a form
acceptable to such Issuing Bank;



(b) Each of the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5 hereof (except the last
sentence of Section 5.3) shall be and remain true and correct in all material respects as of said
time, taking into account any amendments to such Section (including without limitation any
amendments, modifications and updates to the Schedules referenced therein) made after the date of
this Agreement in accordance with its provisions, except that if any such representation or
warranty relates solely to an earlier date it need only remain true as of such date; and



(c) The Borrower shall be in full compliance with all of the terms and conditions hereof, and
no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a result of
such Credit Event.



Each request for a Borrowing consisting of an advance of a Loan hereunder shall be deemed to
be a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date of such Credit Event as to the facts
specified in paragraphs (b) and (c) of this Section 6.2.



SECTION 7. COVENANTS.



The Borrower covenants and agrees that, so long as any Note, Loan or L/C Obligation is
outstanding hereunder, or any Revolving Credit Commitment is available to or in use by the Borrower
hereunder, except to the extent compliance in any case is waived in writing by the Required Banks:



Section 7.1 Corporate Existence. Borrower shall preserve and maintain its corporate
existence.



Section 7.2 ERISA. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, promptly
pay and discharge all obligations and liabilities arising under ERISA of a character which if
unpaid or unperformed might result in the imposition of a Lien against any of its properties or
assets and will promptly notify the Administrative Agent of (i) the occurrence of any reportable
event (as defined in ERISA) affecting a Plan, other than any such event of which the PBGC has
waived notice by regulation, (ii) receipt of any notice from PBGC of its intention to seek
termination of any Plan or appointment of a trustee therefor, (iii) its or any of its Subsidiaries’
intention to terminate or withdraw from any Plan, and (iv) the occurrence of any event affecting
any Plan which could result in the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of any
material liability, fine or penalty, or any material increase in the contingent liability of the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries under any post-retirement Welfare Plan benefit. The
Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Bank any notice it receives from the Borrower
pursuant to this Section 7.2.



Section 7.3 Financial Reports and Other Information. (a) The Borrower will maintain a system
of accounting in accordance with GAAP and will furnish to the Banks and
their respective duly authorized representatives such information respecting the business and
financial condition of the Borrower as any Bank may reasonably request; and without any request,
the Borrower will furnish each of the following to the Administrative Agent:




















i within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of its fiscal year of the
Borrower, a copy of the Borrower’s financial statements for such fiscal year, including the
consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower for such year and the related statement of income
and statement of cash flow, as certified by independent public accountants of recognized
national standing selected by the Borrower in accordance with GAAP with such accountants’
opinion to the effect that the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
GAAP and present fairly in all material respects in accordance with GAAP the consolidated
financial position of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal year
and the results of their operations and cash flows for the fiscal year then ended and that
an examination of such accounts in connection with such financial statements has been made
in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and, accordingly, such examination
included such tests of the accounting records and such other auditing procedures as were
considered necessary in the circumstances;




ii within sixty (60) days after the end of each of the three quarterly fiscal periods
of the Borrower during the term hereof, a consolidated unaudited balance sheet of the
Borrower, and the related statement of income and statement of cash flow, as of the close of
such period, all of the foregoing prepared by the Borrower in reasonable detail in
accordance with GAAP and certified by the Borrower’s chief financial officer as fairly
presenting the financial condition as at the dates thereof and the results of operations for
the periods covered thereby; and




iii within five (5) days after Borrower files a Form 8-K with the SEC, a copy of said
form 8-K.



(b) Each financial statement furnished to the Banks pursuant to subsection (i) or (ii) of this
Section 7.3 shall be accompanied by (A) a written certificate signed by the Borrower’s chief
financial officer to the effect that no Default or Event of Default has occurred during the period
covered by such statements or, if any such Default or Event of Default has occurred during such
period, setting forth a description of such Default or Event of Default and specifying the action,
if any, taken by the Borrower to remedy the same, and (B) a Compliance Certificate in the form of
Exhibit B hereto showing the Borrower’s compliance with the covenants set forth in Sections 7.6
hereof.



(c) The Borrower will promptly (and in any event within five Business Days after an officer of
the Borrower has knowledge thereof) give notice to the Administrative Agent and each Bank of the
occurrence of any Default or Event of Default.



Section 7.4 Regulation U; Proceeds. The Borrower will not use any part of the proceeds of any
of the Borrowings or any of the credit provided by Letters of Credit, directly or indirectly to
purchase or carry any margin stock (as defined in Section 5.7 hereof) or to extend credit to others
for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any such margin stock. The Borrower
will only use proceeds of the Loans and any of the credit provided by Letters of Credit to
backstop commercial paper issued by the Borrower and for general corporate purposes.



















Section 7.5 Sales of Assets. (a) The Borrower will not during the term of this Agreement
sell, lease or otherwise dispose of all or a “substantial part” of the fixed assets of the
Borrower. As used in this Section 7.5, a sale, lease, transfer or disposition of fixed assets
during the term of this Agreement shall be deemed to be of a “substantial part” of the fixed assets
of the Borrower if the net book value of such assets, when added to the net book value of all other
fixed assets sold, leased, transferred or disposed of by the Borrower during the term of this
Agreement exceeds twenty five percent (25%) of the total fixed assets of the Borrower, determined
on a consolidated basis as of the Effective Date.



Section 7.6 Capital Ratio. The Borrower will not at any time permit the Capital Ratio to
exceed 0.65 to 1.00.



Section 7.7 Compliance with Laws. Without limiting any of the other covenants of the Borrower
in this Section 7, the Borrower will conduct its business, and otherwise be, in compliance with all
applicable laws, regulations, ordinances and orders of any governmental or judicial authorities;
provided, however, that the Borrower shall not be required to comply with any such law, regulation,
ordinance or order if the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.



SECTION 8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES.



Section 8.1 Events of Default. Any one or more of the following shall constitute an Event of
Default:



(a) non-payment (i) when due of the principal of any Loan or any Reimbursement Obligation or
(ii) in the payment of fees, interest or of any other Obligation within five (5) days of the due
date;



(b) default by the Borrower in the observance or performance of any covenant set forth in
Section 7.1 with regard to the Borrower or (ii) Section 7.3(c), Section 7.4 through 7.6 hereof;



(c) default by the Borrower in the observance or performance of any provision hereof or of any
other Credit Document not mentioned in (a) or (b) above, which is not remedied within thirty (30)
days after notice thereof shall have been given to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent,
provided that, with respect only to Section 7.7, if Borrower has made good faith efforts to cure
such default, then the Borrower shall be afforded an additional period of time to cure such
default, such additional cure period not to exceed thirty (30) days;



(d) failure to pay when due Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount of $15,000,000 or
more of the Borrower, or (ii) default shall occur under one or more indentures, agreements or other
instruments under which any Indebtedness of the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount of
$15,000,000 or more and such default shall continue for a period of time sufficient to permit the
holder or beneficiary of such Indebtedness or a trustee therefor to cause
the acceleration of the maturity of any such Indebtedness or any mandatory unscheduled
prepayment, purchase or funding;



















(e) representation or warranty made herein or in any other Credit Document by the Borrower,
or in any statement or certificate furnished pursuant hereto or pursuant to any other Credit
Document by the Borrower, or in connection with any Credit Document, proves untrue in any material
respect as of the date of the issuance or making, or deemed making or issuance, thereof;



(f) Borrower shall (i) have entered involuntarily against it an order for relief under the
United States Bankruptcy Code, as amended, or any analogous action is taken under any other
applicable law relating to bankruptcy or insolvency and such action continues undischarged or is
not dismissed or stayed for a period of sixty (60) days, (ii) fail to pay its debts generally as
they become due and such failure to pay would constitute an Event of Default under Section 8.1(d)
or admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, (iii) make an
assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iv) apply for, seek, consent to, or acquiesce in, the
appointment of a receiver, custodian, trustee, examiner, liquidator or similar official for it or
any substantial part of its Property, (v) institute any proceeding seeking to have entered against
it an order for relief under the United States Bankruptcy Code, as amended, to adjudicate it
insolvent, or seeking dissolution, winding up, liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment
or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or
reorganization or relief of debtors or fail to file an answer or other pleading denying the
material allegations of any such proceeding filed against it, (vi) take any corporate action (such
as the passage by its board of directors of a resolution) in furtherance of any matter described in
parts (i)-(v) above, or (vii) fail to contest in good faith any appointment or proceeding described
in Section 8.1(g) hereof;



(g) Custodian, receiver, trustee, examiner, liquidator or similar official shall be appointed
for the Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, or any substantial part of any of their
Property, or a proceeding described in Section 8.1(f)(v) shall be instituted against the Borrower,
and such appointment continues undischarged or such proceeding continues undismissed or unstayed
for a period of sixty (60) days;



(h) the Borrower shall fail within thirty (30) days to pay, bond or otherwise discharge any
judgment or order for the payment of money in excess of $15,000,000 which is not stayed on appeal
or otherwise being appropriately contested in good faith in a manner that stays execution thereon;
or



(i) the Borrower or any other member of the Controlled Group shall fail to pay when due an
amount or amounts which it shall have become liable, to pay to the PBGC or to a Plan under Title IV
of ERISA; or notice of intent to terminate a Plan or Plans having aggregate Unfunded Vested
Liabilities in excess of $5,000,000 (collectively, a “Material Plan”) shall be filed under Title IV
of ERISA by the Borrower or any other member of the Controlled Group, any plan administrator or any
combination of the foregoing; or the PBGC shall institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to
terminate or to cause a trustee to be appointed to administer any Material Plan or a proceeding
shall be instituted by a fiduciary of any Material Plan against the Borrower or any other member of
the Controlled Group to enforce Section 515
or 4219(c)(5) of ERISA and such proceeding shall not have been dismissed within thirty (30)
days thereafter; or a condition shall exist by reason of which the PBGC would be entitled to obtain
a decree adjudicating that any Material Plan must be terminated.



















Section 8.2 Non-Bankruptcy Defaults. When any Event of Default other than those described in
subsections (f) or (g) of Section 8.1 hereof has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative
Agent shall, by written notice to the Borrower if so directed by the Required Banks: (a) terminate
the remaining Revolving Credit Commitments and all other obligations of the Banks hereunder (other
than the obligations of the Banks under section 11.21 hereof) on the date stated in such notice
(which may be the date thereof); (b) declare the principal of and the accrued interest on all
outstanding Notes to be forthwith due and payable and thereupon all outstanding Notes, including
both principal and interest thereon, and all other Obligations, shall be and become immediately due
and payable together with all other amounts payable under the Credit Documents without further
demand, presentment, protest or notice of any kind and (c) demand that Borrower immediately pay to
the Administrative Agent, subject to Section 8.4, the full amount then available for drawing under
each or any Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent, after giving notice to the Borrower
pursuant to Section 8.1(c) or this Section 8.2, shall also promptly send a copy of such notice to
the other Banks, but the failure to do so shall not impair or annul the effect of such notice.



Section 8.3 Bankruptcy Defaults. When any Event of Default described in subsections (f) or
(g) of Section 8.1 hereof has occurred and is continuing, then all outstanding Notes shall
immediately become due and payable together with all other amounts payable under the Credit
Documents without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind and the obligation of the
Banks to extend further credit pursuant to any of the terms hereof shall immediately terminate.



Section 8.4 Expenses. The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing
Banks and each Bank, and any other holder of any Note outstanding hereunder, all costs and expenses
incurred or paid by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or such Bank or any such holder,
including reasonable attorneys’ fees (including reasonable allocable fees of in-house counsel) and
court costs, in connection with any Default or Event of Default by the Borrower hereunder or in
connection with the enforcement of any of the Credit Documents.



SECTION 9. CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCES.



Section 9.1 Change of Law. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement or any
Note, if at any time after the date hereof any change in applicable law or regulation or in the
interpretation thereof makes it unlawful for any Bank to make or continue to maintain LIBOR Loans
or to perform its obligations as contemplated hereby, such Bank shall promptly give notice thereof
to the Borrower and such Bank’s obligations to make or maintain LIBOR Loans under this Agreement
shall terminate until it is no longer unlawful for such Bank to make or maintain LIBOR Loans. The
Borrower shall prepay on demand the outstanding principal amount of any such affected LIBOR Loans,
together with all interest accrued thereon at a rate per annum equal to the interest rate
applicable to such Loan; provided, however, subject to all of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, the Borrower may then elect to borrow the principal amount of the affected LIBOR Loans
from such Bank by means of Base Rate Loans from such
Bank, which Base Rate Loans shall not be made ratably by the Banks but only from such affected
Bank.



Section 9.2 Unavailability of Deposits or Inability to Ascertain, or Inadequacy of, LIBOR. If
on or prior to the first day of any Interest Period for any Borrowing of LIBOR Loans:



















(a) the Administrative Agent determines that deposits in U.S. Dollars (in the applicable
amounts) are not being offered to major banks in the LIBOR interbank market for such Interest
Period, or that by reason of circumstances affecting the interbank LIBOR market adequate and
reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable LIBOR, or



(b) Banks having twenty five percent (25%) or more of the aggregate amount of the Revolving
Credit Commitments reasonably determine and so advise the Administrative Agent that LIBOR as
reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost
to such Banks or Bank of funding their or its LIBOR Loans or Loan for such Interest Period, then
the Administrative Agent shall forthwith give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Banks,
whereupon until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise
to such suspension no longer exist, the obligations of the Banks or of the relevant Bank to make
LIBOR Loans shall be suspended.



Section 9.3 Increased Cost and Reduced Return. (a) If, on or after the date hereof, the
adoption of any applicable law, rule or regulation, or any change therein, or any change in the
interpretation or administration thereof by any governmental authority, central bank or comparable
agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any Bank (or its
Lending Office) with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law but, if not
having the force of law, compliance with which is customary in the relevant jurisdiction) of any
such authority, central bank or comparable agency:




i shall subject any Bank (or its Lending Office) to any tax, duty or other charge with
respect to its LIBOR Loans, its Notes, its Letter(s) of Credit, or its participation in any
thereof, any Reimbursement Obligations owed to it or its obligation to make Eurodollar
Loans, issue a Letter of Credit, or to participate therein, or shall change the basis of
taxation of payments to any Bank (or its Lending Office) of the principal of or interest on
its LIBOR Loans, Letter(s) of Credit, or participations therein or any other amounts due
under this Agreement in respect of its LIBOR Loans, Letter(s) of Credit, or participations
therein, any Reimbursement Obligations owed to it, or its obligation to make LIBOR Loans,
issue a Letter of Credit, or acquire participations therein (except for changes in the rate
of tax on the overall net income or profits of such Bank or its Lending Office imposed by
the jurisdiction in which such Bank or its lending office is incorporated in which such
Bank’s principal executive office or Lending Office is located); or




ii shall impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar
requirement (including, without limitation, any such requirement imposed by the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System, but excluding with respect to any LIBOR Loans any
such requirement included in an applicable LIBOR Reserve Percentage) against assets of,
deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by,
any Bank (or its Lending Office) or shall impose on any Bank (or its Lending Office) or
on the interbank market any other condition affecting its LIBOR Loans, its Notes, its
Letter(s) of Credit, or its participation in any thereof, any Reimbursement Obligation owed
to it, or its obligation to make Eurodollar Loans, to issue a Letter of Credit, or to
participate therein;


















and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Bank (or its Lending Office)
of making or maintaining any LIBOR Loan, issuing or maintaining a Letter of Credit, or
participating therein, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Bank (or
its Lending Office) under this Agreement or under its Notes with respect thereto, by an amount
deemed by such Bank to be material, then, within fifteen (15) days after demand by such Bank (with
a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall be obligated to pay to such Bank such
additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Bank for such increased cost or reduction. In
the event any law, rule, regulation or interpretation described above is revoked, declared invalid
or inapplicable or is otherwise rescinded, and as a result thereof a Bank is determined to be
entitled to a refund from the applicable authority for any amount or amounts which were paid or
reimbursed by Borrower to such Bank hereunder, such Bank shall refund such amount or amounts to
Borrower without interest.




(b) If, after the date hereof, any Bank or the Administrative Agent shall have determined that
the adoption of any applicable law, rule or regulation regarding capital adequacy, or any change
therein (including, without limitation, any revision in the Final Risk-Based Capital Guidelines of
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (12 CFR Part 208, Appendix A; 12 CFR Part 225,
Appendix A) or of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (12 CFR Part 3, Appendix A), or in
any other applicable capital rules heretofore adopted and issued by any governmental authority), or
any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any governmental authority, central
bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance
by any Bank (or its Lending Office) with any request or directive regarding capital adequacy
(whether or not having the force of law but, if not having the force of law, compliance with which
is customary in the applicable jurisdiction) of any such authority, central bank or comparable
agency, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Bank’s capital, or on
the capital of any corporation controlling such Bank, as a consequence of its obligations hereunder
to a level below that which such Bank could have achieved but for such adoption, change or
compliance (taking into consideration such Bank’s policies with respect to capital adequacy) by an
amount deemed by such Bank to be material, then from time to time, within fifteen (15) days after
demand by such Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall pay to such Bank
such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Bank for such reduction.



(c) Each Bank that determines to seek compensation under this Section 9.3 shall notify the
Borrower and the Administrative Agent of the circumstances that entitle the Bank to such
compensation pursuant to this Section 9.3 and will designate a different Lending Office if such
designation will avoid the need for, or reduce the amount of, such compensation and will not, in
the sole judgment of such Bank, be otherwise disadvantageous to such Bank. A certificate of any
Bank claiming compensation under this Section 9.3 and setting forth the additional amount or
amounts to be paid to it hereunder shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. In
determining such amount, such Bank may use any reasonable averaging and attribution
methods. No Bank shall be entitled to demand compensation under this Section 9.3 for any
period more than 90 days prior to the day on which such demand is made; provided however, that the
foregoing shall in no way limit the right of any Bank to demand or receive such compensation to the
extent that such compensation relates to the retroactive application of any law, regulation,
guideline or request if such demand is made within 90 days after the implementation of such
retroactive law, interpretation, guideline or request. A certificate as to





















the nature and amount of
such increased cost, submitted to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent by such Bank in good
faith, shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.



Section 9.4 Lending Offices. Each Bank may, at its option, elect to make its Loans hereunder
at the branch, office or affiliate specified on the appropriate signature page hereof or in the
assignment agreement which any assignee bank executes pursuant to Section 11.12 hereof (each a
“Lending Office”) for each type of Loan available hereunder or at such other of its branches,
offices or affiliates as it may from time to time elect and designate in a written notice to the
Borrower and the Administrative Agent.



Section 9.5 Discretion of Bank as to Manner of Funding. Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement, each Bank shall be entitled to fund and maintain its funding of all or any part
of its Loans in any manner it sees fit, it being understood, however, that for the purposes of this
Agreement all determinations hereunder shall be made as if each Bank had actually funded and
maintained each LIBOR Loan through the purchase of deposits in the LIBOR interbank market having a
maturity corresponding to such Loan’s Interest Period and bearing an interest rate equal to LIBOR
for such Interest Period.



SECTION 10. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT.



Section 10.1 Appointment and Authorization of Administrative Agent. Each Bank hereby appoints
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. as the Administrative Agent under the Credit Documents and hereby authorizes the
Administrative Agent to take such action as Administrative Agent on its behalf and to exercise such
powers under the Credit Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms
thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Administrative Agent
shall have no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this Agreement and the
Credit Documents. The duties of the Administrative Agent shall be mechanical and administrative
in nature; the Administrative Agent shall not have by reason of this Agreement or any other Credit
Document a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Bank, the holder of any Note or any other
Person; and nothing in this Agreement or any other Credit Document, expressed or implied, is
intended to or shall be so construed as to impose upon the Administrative Agent any obligations in
respect of this Agreement or any other Credit Document except as expressly set forth herein or
therein.



Section 10.2 Administrative Agent and its Affiliates. The Administrative Agent shall have the
same rights and powers under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents as any other Bank and
may exercise or refrain from exercising the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent,
and the Administrative Agent and its affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, and
generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Affiliate of the Borrower as if
it were not the Administrative Agent under the Credit Documents.



Section 10.3 Action by Administrative Agent. If the Administrative Agent receives from the
Borrower a written notice of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.3(c) hereof, the
Administrative Agent shall promptly give each of the Banks written notice thereof. The obligations
of the Administrative Agent under the Credit Documents are only those expressly set forth therein.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not





















be required to
take any action hereunder with respect to any Default or Event of Default, except as expressly
provided in Sections 8.2 and 8.4. In no event, however, shall the Administrative Agent be required
to take any action in violation of applicable law or of any provision of any Credit Document, and
the Administrative Agent shall in all cases be fully justified in failing or refusing to act
hereunder or under any other Credit Document unless it shall be first indemnified to its reasonable
satisfaction by the Banks against any and all costs, expense, and liability which may be incurred
by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. The Administrative Agent shall be
entitled to assume that no Default or Event of Default exists unless notified to the contrary by a
Bank or the Borrower. In all cases in which this Agreement and the other Credit Documents do not
require the Administrative Agent to take certain actions, the Administrative Agent shall be fully
justified in using its discretion in failing to take or in taking any action hereunder and
thereunder.



Section 10.4 Consultation with Experts. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal
counsel, independent public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable
for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the advice of
such counsel, accountants or experts.



Section 10.5 Liability of Administrative Agent; Credit Decision. Neither the Administrative
Agent nor any of its directors, officers, agents, or employees shall be liable for any action taken
or not taken by it in connection with the Credit Documents (i) with the consent or at the request
of the Required Banks or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct.
Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall be
responsible for or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into or verify (i) any statement, warranty
or representation made in connection with this Agreement, any other Credit Document or any Credit
Event; (ii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants or agreements of the Borrower or
any other party contained herein or in any other Credit Document; (iii) the satisfaction of any
condition specified in Section 6 hereof, except receipt of items required to be delivered to the
Administrative Agent; or (iv) the validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability, perfection,
value, worth or collectibility hereof or of any other Credit Document or of any other documents or
writing furnished in connection with any Credit Document; and the Administrative Agent makes no
representation of any kind or character with respect to any such matter mentioned in this sentence.
The Administrative Agent may execute any of its duties under any of the Credit Documents by or
through employees, agents, and attorneys-in-fact and shall not be answerable to the Banks, the
Borrower, or any other Person for the default or misconduct of any such agents or attorneys-in-fact
selected with reasonable care. The Administrative Agent shall not incur any liability by acting in
reliance upon any notice, consent, certificate, other document or statement (whether written or
oral) believed by it to be genuine or to be sent by the proper party or parties. In particular and
without limiting any of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility for
confirming the accuracy of any Compliance Certificate or other document or instrument received by
it under the Credit Documents. The Administrative Agent may treat the payee of any Note as the
holder thereof
until written notice of transfer shall have been filed with the Administrative Agent signed by
such payee in form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Each Bank acknowledges that it has
independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Bank, and based upon
such information, investigations and inquiries as it deems appropriate, made its own credit
analysis and decision to extend credit to the Borrower in the manner set forth in the Credit





















Documents. It shall be the responsibility of each Bank to keep itself informed as to the
creditworthiness of the Borrower and any other relevant Person, and the Administrative Agent shall
have no liability to any Bank with respect thereto.



Section 10.6 Indemnity. The Banks shall ratably, in accordance with their respective
Percentages, indemnify and hold the Administrative Agent, and its directors, officers, employees,
agents and representatives harmless from and against any liabilities, losses, costs or expenses
suffered or incurred by it under any Credit Document or in connection with the transactions
contemplated thereby, regardless of when asserted or arising, except to the extent they are
promptly reimbursed for the same by the Borrower and except to the extent that any event giving
rise to a claim was caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the party seeking to be
indemnified. The obligations of the Banks under this Section 10.6 shall survive termination of this
Agreement.



Section 10.7 Resignation of Administrative Agent and Successor Administrative Agent. The
Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Banks and the
Borrower. Upon any such resignation of the Administrative Agent, the Required Banks shall have the
right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent with the consent of the Borrower. If no successor
Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Banks, and shall have accepted
such appointment, within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent’s giving of
notice of resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Banks, appoint
a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be any Bank hereunder or any commercial bank
organized under the laws of the United States of America or of any State thereof and having a
combined capital and surplus of at least $200,000,000. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as
the Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor Administrative Agent shall thereupon succeed to
and become vested with all the rights and duties of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent
under the Credit Documents, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its
duties and obligations thereunder. After any retiring Administrative Agent’s resignation hereunder
as Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Section 10 and all protective provisions of the
other Credit Documents shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by
it while it was Administrative Agent.



SECTION 11. MISCELLANEOUS.



Section 11.1 Withholding Taxes. (a) Payments Free of Withholding. Subject to Section 11.1(b)
hereof, each payment by the Borrower under this Agreement or the other Credit Documents shall be
made without withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes (other than overall net
income taxes on the recipient). If any such withholding is so required, the Borrower shall make the
withholding, pay the amount withheld to the appropriate governmental authority before penalties
attach thereto or interest accrues thereon and forthwith pay such additional amount as may be
necessary to ensure that the net amount actually received by each Bank and the Administrative Agent
free and clear of such taxes (including such taxes on such
additional amount) is equal to the amount which that Bank or the Administrative Agent (as the
case may be) would have received had such withholding not been made. If the Administrative Agent or
any Bank pays any amount in respect of any such taxes, penalties or interest the Borrower shall
reimburse the Administrative Agent or that Bank for that payment on demand. If the Borrower pays
any such taxes, penalties or interest, it shall deliver official tax receipts





















evidencing that
payment or certified copies thereof to the Bank or Administrative Agent on whose account such
withholding was made (with a copy to the Administrative Agent if not the recipient of the original)
on or before the thirtieth day after payment. If any Bank or the Administrative Agent determines it
has received or been granted a credit against or relief or remission for, or repayment of, any
taxes paid or payable by it because of any taxes, penalties or interest paid by the Borrower and
evidenced by such a tax receipt, such Bank or Administrative Agent shall, to the extent it can do
so without prejudice to the retention of the amount of such credit, relief, remission or repayment,
pay to the Borrower such amount as such Bank or Administrative Agent determines is attributable to
such deduction or withholding and which will leave such Bank or Administrative Agent (after such
payment) in no better or worse position than it would have been in if the Borrower had not been
required to make such deduction or withholding. Nothing in this Agreement shall interfere with the
right of each Bank and the Administrative Agent to arrange its tax affairs in whatever manner it
thinks fit nor oblige any Bank or the Administrative Agent to disclose any information relating to
its tax affairs or any computations in connection with such taxes.



(b) U.S. Withholding Tax Exemptions. Each Bank that is not a United States person (as such
term is defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) shall submit to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent on or before the earlier of the date the initial Borrowing is made hereunder
and thirty (30) days after the date hereof, two duly completed and signed copies of either Form
W8BEN (relating to such Bank and entitling it to a complete exemption from withholding under the
Code on all amounts to be received by such Bank, including fees, pursuant to the Credit Documents
and the Loans) or Form W8ECI (relating to all amounts to be received by such Bank, including fees,
pursuant to the Credit Documents and the Loans of the United States Internal Revenue Service.
Thereafter and from time to time, each Bank shall submit to the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent such additional duly completed and signed copies of one or the other of such Forms (or such
successor forms as shall be adopted from time to time by the relevant United States taxing
authorities) as may be (i) requested by the Borrower in a written notice, directly or through the
Administrative Agent, to such Bank and (ii) required under then current United States law or
regulations to avoid or reduce United States withholding taxes on payments in respect of all
amounts to be received by such Bank, including fees, pursuant to the Credit Documents or the Loans.



(c) Inability of Bank to Submit Forms. If any Bank determines, as a result of any change in
applicable law, regulation or treaty, or in any official application or interpretation thereof,
that it is unable to submit to the Borrower or Administrative Agent any form or certificate that
such Bank is obligated to submit pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section 11.1. or that such Bank
is required to withdraw or cancel any such form or certificate previously submitted or any such
form or certificate otherwise becomes ineffective or inaccurate, such Bank shall promptly notify
the Borrower and Administrative Agent of such fact and the Bank shall to that extent not be
obligated to provide any such form or certificate and will be entitled to withdraw or cancel any
affected form or certificate, as applicable.



Section 11.2 No Waiver of Rights. No delay or failure on the part of the Administrative Agent
or any Bank or on the part of the holder or holders of any Note in the exercise of any power or
right under any Credit Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor as an acquiescence in any
default, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or





















further exercise of
any other power or right, and the rights and remedies hereunder of the Administrative Agent, the
Banks and the holder or holders of any Notes are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or
remedies which any of them would otherwise have.



Section 11.3 Non-Business Day. If any payment of principal or interest on any Loan or of any
other Obligation shall fall due on a day which is not a Business Day, interest or fees (as
applicable) at the rate, if any, such Loan or other Obligation bears for the period prior to
maturity shall continue to accrue on such Obligation from the stated due date thereof to and
including the next succeeding Business Day, on which the same shall be payable.



Section 11.4 Documentary Taxes. The Borrower agrees that it will pay any documentary, stamp
or similar taxes payable in respect to any Credit Document, including interest and penalties, in
the event any such taxes are assessed, irrespective of when such assessment is made and whether or
not any credit is then in use or available hereunder.



Section 11.5 Survival of Representations. All representations and warranties made herein or
in certificates given pursuant hereto shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the other Credit Documents, and shall continue in full force and effect with respect to the
date as of which they were made as long as any credit is in use or available hereunder.



Section 11.6 Survival of Indemnities. All indemnities and all other provisions relative to
reimbursement to the Banks of amounts sufficient to protect the yield of the Banks with respect to
the Loans, including, but not limited to, Section 2.11, Section 9.3 and Section 11.15 hereof, shall
survive the termination of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents and the payment of the
Loans and all other Obligations.



Section 11.7 Set-Off. (a) In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under
applicable law and not by way of limitation of any such rights, upon the occurrence of any Event of
Default, each Bank and each subsequent holder of any Note is hereby authorized by the Borrower at
any time or from time to time, without notice to the Borrower or to any other Person, any such
notice being hereby expressly waived, to set off and to appropriate and to apply any and all
deposits (general or special, including, but not limited to, Indebtedness evidenced by certificates
of deposit, whether matured or unmatured, and in whatever currency denominated) and any other
Indebtedness at any time held or owing by that Bank or that subsequent holder to or for the credit
or the account of the Borrower, whether or not matured, against and on account of the obligations
and liabilities of the Borrower to that Bank or that subsequent holder under the Credit Documents,
including, but not limited to, all claims of any nature or description arising out of or connected
with the Credit Documents, irrespective of whether or not (a) that Bank or that subsequent holder
shall have made any demand hereunder or (b) the principal of or the interest on the Loans or Notes
and other amounts due hereunder shall have become due and payable pursuant to Section 8 and
although said obligations and liabilities, or any of them, may be contingent or unmatured.



(b) Each Bank agrees with each other Bank a party hereto that if such Bank shall receive and
retain any payment, whether by set-off or application of deposit balances or otherwise, on any of
the Loans or Reimbursement Obligations in excess of its ratable share of





















payments on all such obligations then outstanding to the Banks, then such Bank shall
purchase for cash at face value, but without recourse, ratably from each of the other Banks such
amount of the Loans, or Reimbursement Obligations, or participations therein, held by each such
other Banks (or interest therein) as shall be necessary to cause such Bank to share such excess
payment ratably with all the other Banks; provided, however, that if any such purchase is made by
any Bank, and if such excess payment or part thereof is thereafter recovered from such purchasing
Bank, the related purchases from the other Banks shall be rescinded ratably and the purchase price
restored as to the portion of such excess payment so recovered, but without interest. For purposes
of this Section 11.7(b), amounts owed to or recovered by, an Issuing Bank in connection with
Reimbursement Obligations in which Banks have been required to fund their participation shall be
treated as amounts owed to or recovered by such Issuing Bank as a Bank hereunder.




Section 11.8 Notices. Except as otherwise specified herein, all notices under the Credit
Documents shall be in writing (including facsimile or other electronic communication) and shall be
given to a party hereunder at its address or facsimile number set forth below or such other address
or facsimile number as such party may hereafter specify by notice to the Administrative Agent and
the Borrower, given by courier, by United States certified or registered mail, or by other
telecommunication device capable of creating a written record of such notice and its receipt.
Notices under the Credit Documents to the Banks shall be addressed to their respective addresses,
facsimile or telephone numbers set forth on the signature pages hereof or in the assignment
agreement which any assignee bank executes pursuant to Section 11.12 hereof, and to the Borrower
and to the Administrative Agent to:


If to the Borrower:


The Peoples Gas Light and Coke Company

130 East Randolph Drive

Chicago, Illinois 60601

Attention: Vice President, Finance

Facsimile: 312.373.4213

Telephone: 312.240.3818


If to the Administrative Agent:


Notice shall be sent to the

applicable address set forth

on Part B of Schedule 4 hereto.


With a copy to:


ABN AMRO Bank N.V.


As indicated on the signature page hereto



Each such notice, request or other communication shall be effective (i) if given by


















facsimile,
when such facsimile is transmitted to the facsimile number specified in this Section 11.8 or on the
signature pages hereof and a confirmation of receipt of such facsimile has been received by the
sender, (ii) if given by courier, when delivered, (iii) if given by mail, three business days after
such communication is deposited in the mail, registered with return receipt requested, addressed as
aforesaid or (iv) if given by any other means, when delivered at the addresses specified in this
Section 11.8; provided that any notice given pursuant to Section 2 hereof shall be effective only
upon receipt.




Section 11.9 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterpart
signature pages, and by the different parties on different counterparts, each of which when
executed shall be deemed an original but all such counterparts taken together shall constitute one
and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart via facsimile or other electronic
means shall for all purposes be deemed as effective as delivery of an original counterpart.



Section 11.10 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Borrower and
its successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of each of the Banks and the benefit of
their respective successors, and assigns, including any subsequent holder of any Note. The Borrower
may not assign any of its rights or obligations under any Credit Document without the written
consent of all of the Banks.



Section 11.11 [Intentionally Omitted].



Section 11.12 Assignments, Participations, Etc.



(a) Successors and Assigns Generally. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns
permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights
or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Bank and no Bank may assign or
otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee in
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (d) of this Section or (iii) by way of pledge or
assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of paragraph (f) of this Section (and
any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in
this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the
parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the
extent provided in paragraph (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby,
the affiliates of each of the Administrative Agent and the Banks) any legal or equitable right,
remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.



(b) Assignments by Banks. Any Bank may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its
rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Revolving Credit
Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it); provided that




i except in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning
Bank’s Revolving Credit Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it or in the case of
an assignment to a Bank or an Affiliate of a Bank or an Approved Fund




















with respect to a
Bank, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitment (which for this purpose
includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Revolving Credit Commitment is
not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loan of the assigning Bank
subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption
with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if “Trade Date”
is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than
$5,000,000 (and the remaining aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitment of such
assigning Bank shall not be less than $5,000,000 after giving effect to such assignment),
unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld or delayed);




ii each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of
all the assigning Bank’s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the
Loan, L/C Obligations or the Revolving Credit Commitment assigned;




iii any assignment of a Revolving Credit Commitment must be approved by the
Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing, the Borrower, unless the Person that is the proposed assignee is itself
an Eligible Assignee, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld; and




iv the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent
an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500, and
the Eligible Assignee, if it shall not be a Bank, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent
an Administrative Questionnaire.


Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to paragraph (c)
of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the
Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest
assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Bank under this
Agreement, and the assigning Bank thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such
Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case
of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Bank’s rights and obligations under
this Agreement, such Bank shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to
the benefits of Sections 9.3 and 11.1 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to
the effective date of such assignment. Any assignment or transfer by a Bank of rights or
obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this paragraph shall be treated for
purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Bank of a participation in such rights and obligations
in accordance with paragraph (d) of this Section.




(c) Register. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the
Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in Chicago, Illinois a copy of each Assignment and
Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the
Banks, and the Revolving Credit Commitments of, and principal amounts of the Loans owing to, each
Bank pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the “Register”). The entries in the Register
shall be conclusive, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Banks may


















treat each Person
whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Bank hereunder for all
purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be
available for inspection by the Borrower and any Bank at any reasonable time upon reasonable prior
notice.




(d) Participations. Any Bank may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the
Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural
person or a Borrower or any of the Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “Participant”)
in all or a portion of such Bank’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or
a portion of its Revolving Credit Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such
Bank’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Bank shall remain solely
responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the
Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the other Banks shall continue to deal solely and directly
with such Bank in connection with such Bank’s rights and obligations under this Agreement.



Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Bank sells such a participation shall provide
that such Bank shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment,
modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or
instrument may provide that such Bank will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to
any amendment, modification or waiver of the type described in Section 11.13(i) that directly
affects such Participant. Subject to paragraph (e) of this Section, the Borrower agrees that each
Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.11, Section 9.3 and Section 11.7 to the
same extent as if it were a Bank and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph
(b) of this Section. Each Bank granting a participation under this Section 11.11(d) shall keep a
register, meeting the requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 5f.103-1(c), of each participant,
specifying such participant’s entitlement to payments of principal and interest with respect to
such participation.



(e) Limitations upon Participant Rights. A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any
greater payment under Section 2.11, Section 9.3 or Section 11.7 than the applicable Bank would have
been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the
sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower’s prior written consent.



(f) Certain Pledges. Any Bank may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its
rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Bank, including without limitation any
pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge
or assignment shall release such Bank from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such
pledgee or assignee for such Bank as a party hereto.



(g) Certain Funding Arrangements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
any Bank (a “Granting Bank”) may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (a “SPC”), identified
as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Bank to the Administrative Agent and the
Borrower, the option to provide to the Borrower all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Bank
would otherwise be obligated to make to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement; provided that (i)
nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by


















any SPC to make any Loan, (ii) if an SPC elects not
to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Loan, the Granting
Bank shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. The making of a Loan by an
SPC hereunder shall utilize the Revolving Credit Commitment of the Granting Bank to the same
extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Bank. Each party hereto hereby agrees that
no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement (all
liability for which shall remain with the Granting Bank). In furtherance of the foregoing, each
party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that,
prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding
commercial paper or other senior indebtedness of any SPC, it will not institute against, or join
any other person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement,
insolvency or liquidation proceedings under the laws of the United States or any State thereof
arising out of any claim relating to the Credit Documents. In addition, notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained in this Section 11.12(b), any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without the
prior written consent of, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and without paying any
processing fee therefor, assign all or a portion of its interests in any Loan to the Granting Bank
or to any financial institutions (consented to by the Borrower and Administrative Agent) providing
liquidity and/or credit support to or for the account of such SPC to support the funding or
maintenance of Loans and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating
to its Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guarantee or
credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. This section may not be amended without the written
consent of the SPC.




Section 11.13 Amendments. Any provision of the Credit Documents may be amended or waived if,
but only if, such amendment or waiver is in writing and is signed by (a) the Borrower, (b) the
Required Banks, and (c) if the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent are affected thereby,
the Administrative Agent; provided that:




i no amendment or waiver pursuant to this Section. 11.13 shall (A) increase, decrease
or extend any Revolving Credit Commitment of any Bank without the consent of such Bank or
(B) reduce the amount of or postpone any fixed date for payment of any principal of or
interest on any Loan or Reimbursement Obligation or of any fee payable hereunder without the
consent of each Bank; and




ii no amendment or waiver pursuant to this Section 11.13 shall, unless signed by each
Bank, change this Section 11.13, or the definition of Required Banks, or affect the number
of Banks required to take any action under the Credit Documents.



Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if any time when the conditions
precedent set forth in Section 6.2 hereof to any Loan hereunder are satisfied, any Bank shall fail
to fulfill its obligations to make such Loan (any such Bank, a “Defaulting Bank”) then, for so long
as such failure shall continue, the Defaulting Bank shall (unless the Borrower and the Required
Banks determined as if the Defaulting Bank were not a Bank hereunder, shall otherwise consent in
writing) be deemed for all purposes related to amendments, modifications, waivers or consents under
this Agreement (other than amendments or waivers referred to in clause (i) and (ii) above) to have
no Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments, shall not be treated as a Bank hereunder when performing
the computation of the Required Banks.



















Section 11.14 Headings. Section headings used in this Agreement are for reference only and
shall not affect the construction of this Agreement.



Section 11.15 Legal Fees, Other Costs and Indemnification. The Borrower agrees to pay all
reasonable costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers in connection with the
preparation and negotiation of the Credit Documents, including without limitation, the reasonable
fees and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers, in connection with
the preparation and execution of the Credit Documents, and any amendment, waiver or consent related
hereto, whether or not the transactions contemplated herein are consummated. The Borrower further
agrees to indemnify each Bank, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, and their respective
directors, agents, officers and employees, against all losses, claims, damages, penalties,
judgments, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, all reasonable expenses of
litigation or preparation therefor, whether or not the indemnified Person is a party thereto) which
any of them may incur or reasonably pay arising out of or relating to any Credit Document or any of
the transactions contemplated thereby or the direct or indirect application or proposed application
of the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit, other than those which arise from the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of the party claiming indemnification. The Borrower, upon demand
by the Administrative Agent, an Issuing Bank or a Bank at any time, shall reimburse the
Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or Bank for any reasonable legal or other expenses
(including reasonable allocable fees and expenses of in-house counsel) incurred in connection with
investigating or defending against any of the foregoing except if the same is directly due to the
gross negligence or willful misconduct of the party to be indemnified.



Section 11.16 [Reserved].



Section 11.17 Entire Agreement. The Credit Documents constitute the entire understanding of
the parties thereto with respect to the subject matter thereof and any prior or contemporaneous
agreements, whether written or oral, with respect thereto are superseded thereby.



Section 11.18 Construction. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that neither this
Agreement nor the other Credit Documents shall be construed more favorably in favor of one
than the other based upon which party drafted the same, it being acknowledged that all parties
hereto contributed substantially to the negotiation of this Agreement and the other Credit
Documents.



Section 11.19 Governing Law. This Agreement and the other Credit Documents, and the rights
and duties of the parties hereto, shall be construed and determined in accordance with the internal
laws of the State of Illinois.



Section 11.20 SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THE BORROWER HEREBY SUBMITS
TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF
ILLINOIS AND OF ANY ILLINOIS STATE COURT SITTING IN THE CITY OF CHICAGO FOR PURPOSES OF ALL LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS OR THE


















TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. THE BORROWER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF THE VENUE OF
ANY SUCH PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN SUCH A COURT AND ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN SUCH
A COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND
ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY CREDIT
DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY.




Section 11.21 Confidentiality. The Administrative Agent and the Banks shall hold all
non-public information provided to them by Borrower pursuant to or in connection with this
Agreement in accordance with their customary procedures for handling confidential information of
this nature, but may make disclosure to any of their examiners, regulators, Affiliates, outside
auditors, counsel and other professional advisors in connection with this Agreement or any other
Credit Document or as reasonably required by any potential bona fide transferee,
participant or assignee, or in connection with the exercise of remedies under a Credit Document,
or to any nationally recognized rating agency that requires access to information about a Bank’s
investment portfolio in connection with ratings issued with respect to such Bank, or as requested
by any governmental agency or representative thereof or pursuant to legal process;
provided, however, that unless specifically prohibited by applicable law or court
order, the Administrative Agent and each Bank shall use reasonable efforts to promptly notify
Borrower of any request by any governmental agency or representative thereof (other than any such
request in connection with an examination of the financial condition of the Administrative Agent or
such Bank by such governmental agency) for disclosure of any such non-public information and, where
practicable, prior to disclosure of such information. Prior to any such disclosure pursuant to
this Section 11.21, the Administrative Agent and each Bank shall require any such bona
fide transferee, participant and assignee receiving a disclosure of non-public information
to agree, for the benefit of Borrower, in writing to be bound by this Section 11.21; and to require
such Person to require any other Person to whom such Person discloses such non-public information
to be similarly bound by this Section 11.21. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any Bank shall
be required to hold confidential any information that becomes public by any means other than as a
result of a breach by it of its obligations under this Section 11.21.



Section 11.22 Patriot Act. As required by federal law or the Administrative Agent or a Bank’s
polices and practices, the Administrative Agent or a Bank may need to collect certain customer
identification information and documentation in connection with opening or maintaining accounts or
establishing or continuing to provide services.



Section 11.23 Rights and Liabilities of Syndication Agent and Arrangers. Neither the
Syndication Agent nor any Arranger have any special rights, powers, obligations, liabilities,
responsibilities or duties under this Agreement as a result of acting in the capacity of
Syndication Agent or Arranger, as applicable, other than those applicable to them in their capacity
as Banks hereunder (if any). Without limiting the foregoing, neither the Syndication Agent nor any
Arranger shall have or be deemed to have a fiduciary relationship with any Bank. Each Bank hereby
makes the same acknowledgments and undertakings with respect to the Syndication


















Agent and each
Arranger as it makes with respect to the Administrative Agent and any directors, officers, agents
and employees of the Administrative Agent in Section 10.5.




– Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Pages Follow –




















In Witness Whereof, the parties hereto have caused this Credit Agreement to be duly executed
and delivered in Chicago, Illinois by their duly authorized officers as of the day and year first
above written.




THE PEOPLES GAS LIGHT AND COKE
COMPANY, as Borrower




By:
/s/ Douglas M. Ruschau





Its:
Vice President and Treasurer






Credit Agreement

Signature Page



























Revolving Credit Commitment:	 	ABN AMRO BANK N.V., in its individual
$35,000,000.00	 	capacity as a Bank and as Administrative Agent


Commitment Percentage:

By:
/s/ Scott Donaldson



14.000000000%

Its:
R. Scott Donaldson


Title:
Vice President




By:
/s/ Todd D. Vaubel





Its:
Todd Vaubel


Title:
Assistant Vice President






Address for Notices:




ABN AMRO Bank N.V.

540 W. Madison Street

Chicago, IL 60661

Attention: Kris Grosshans/Saad Qais/John Reed





Facsimile:

Telephone:

312 904 7301 (Mr. Grosshans)


312 904 6473 (Mr. Qais)


832 681 7148 (Mr. Reed)






Lending Offices:




Base Rate Loans:




208 South LaSalle Street

Suite 1500

Chicago, Illinois 60603




Facsimile: (312) 992-5150

Telephone: (312) 992-5155




LIBOR Loans:

Same as for Base Rate Loans




Credit Agreement

Signature Page


























Revolving Credit Commitment:	 	JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NA, in its individual
$35,000,000.00	 	capacity as a Bank and a Syndication Agent


Commitment Percentage:

By:
/s/ Michael J. DeForge



14.000000000%

Its:
Michael J. DeForge


Title:
Vice President




By:





Its:





Title:








Address:




270 Park Avenue

4th Floor

New York, N.Y. 10017

Attention: Mike DeForge




Facsimile: (212) 270-3089

Telephone: (212) 270-1656

E-mail: michael.j.deforge@jpmorgan.com




Credit Agreement

Signature Page


























Revolving Credit Commitment:	 	BANK OF AMERICA, in its individual capacity
$23,000,000.00	 	as a Bank


Commitment Percentage:

By:
/s/ Richard D. Hill, Jr.



9.200000000%

Its:
Richard D. Hill, Jr.


Title:
Managing Director






Address:




100 Federal Street

Boston, MA 02110

Attention: Richard D. Hill, Jr.




Facsimile: (617) 434-2160

Telephone: (617) 434-4080

E-mail: rick.hill@bankofamerica.com




Credit Agreement

Signature Page



























Revolving Credit Commitment:	 	THE BANK OF NEW YORK, in its individual
$23,000,000.00	 	capacity as a Bank


Commitment Percentage:

By:
/s/ Cynthia D. Howells



9.200000000%

Its:
Cynthia D. Howells


Title:
Vice President






Address:




The Bank of New York

One Wall Street

19th Floor

New York, New York 10286

Attention: Cynthia Howells, V.P.




Facsimile: (212) 635-7932

Telephone: (212) 635-7889

Email: chowells@bankofny.com




Credit Agreement

Signature Page






















Revolving Credit Commitment:	 	HARRIS NESBITT FINANCING INC., in its
$23,000,000.00	 	individual capacity as a Bank


Commitment Percentage:

By:
/s/ Ian M. Plester



9.200000000%

Its:
Ian M. Plester


Title:
Director






Address:




Harris Nesbitt Financing Inc.

115 South LaSalle Street

Suite 17W

Chicago, Illinois 60603




With a copy to:




Harris Nesbitt Financing Inc.

3 Times Square

28th Floor

New York, New York 10036

Attention: Mr. Ian Plester




Facsimile: (646) 366-1724

Telephone: (212) 605-1417

Email: ian.plester@harrisnesbitt.com




Credit Agreement

Signature Page





















Revolving Credit Commitment:	 	MORGAN STANLEY BANK, in its individual
$22,000,000.00	 	capacity as a Bank


Commitment Percentage:

By:
/s/ Daniel Twenge



8.800000000%

Its:
Daniel Twenge


Title:
Vice President, Morgan Stanley Bank






Address:




Morgan Stanley Bank

2500 Lake Park Blvd.

Suite 300 C

West Valley City, Utah 84120




With a copy to:




Morgan Stanley Bank

1633 Broadway

25th Floor

New York, New York 10019

Attention: Erma Dell’Aquila/Edward Henley





Facsimile:

(212) 537-1867 (Erma Dell’Aquila)


(212) 537-1866 (Edward Henley)
Telephone:

(212) 537-1532 (Erma Dell’Aquila)


(212) 537-2484 (Edward Henley)






Credit Agreement

Signature Page

























Revolving Credit Commitment:	 	THE NORTHERN TRUST COMPANY, in its individual
$22,000,000.00	 	capacity as a Bank


Commitment Percentage:

By:
/s/ Chris McKean



8.800000000%

Its:
Chris McKean


Title:
Vice President






Address:




The Northern Trust Company

50 S. LaSalle Street

Chicago, Illinois 60675

Attention: David Fisher




Facsimile: (312) 444-4906

Telephone: (312) 444-2289




With a copy to:




The Northern Trust Company

50 S. LaSalle Street

Chicago, Illinois 60675

Attention: Ms. Linda Honda




Facsimile: (312) 630-1566

Telephone: (312) 444-3532




Credit Agreement

Signature Page



























Revolving Credit Commitment:	 	FIFTH THIRD BANK, in its individual capacity
$17,000,000.00	 	as a Bank


Commitment Percentage:

By:
/s/ Kim Puszczewicz



6.800000000%

Its:
Kim Puszczewicz


Title:
Vice President






Address:




Fifth Third Bank

1701 W. Golf Road, Tower One

GRLM9K

Rolling Meadows, IL 60008

Attention: Kim Puszczewicz




Facsimile: (847) 354-7138

Telephone: (847) 871-6088

Email: Kim.Puszczewicz@53.com




Credit Agreement

Signature Page




























Revolving Credit Commitment:	 	MERRILL LYNCH BANK USA, in its individual
$17,000,000.00	 	capacity as a Bank


Commitment Percentage:

By:
/s/ Derek Befus



6.800000000%

Its:
Derek Befus


Title:
Vice President






Address:




Merrill Lynch Bank USA

15 W. South Temple

Suite 300

Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

Attention: Dave Millett




Facsimile: (801) 933-8641

Telephone: (801) 526-8312

Email: david_millett@ml.com




Credit Agreement

Signature Page



























Revolving Credit Commitment:	 	US BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its
$17,000,000.00	 	individual capacity as a Bank


Commitment Percentage:

By:
/s/ Brett M. Justman



6.800000000%

Its:
Brett M. Justman


Title:
Assistant Vice President






Address:




US Bank National Association

209 S. LaSalle Street

Chicago, Illinois 60604

Attention: R. Michael Newton




Facsimile: (312) 325-8750

Telephone: (312) 325-8886

Email: michael.newton@usbank.com




Credit Agreement

Signature Page






















Revolving Credit Commitment:	 	KBC BANK N.V., in its individual capacity as a Bank
$16,000,000.00



Commitment Percentage:

By:
/s/ Jean-Pierre Diels



6.400000000%

Its:
Jean-Pierre Diels


Title:
First Vice President




By:
/s/ Eric Raskin





Its:
Eric Raskin


Title:
Vice President






Address:




KBC Bank N.V.

New York Branch

125 West 55th Street

New York, New York 10019

Attention: Rose Pagan, Loan Administrator




Facsimile: (212) 956-5581

Telephone: (212) 541-0657




Credit Agreement

Signature Page























EXHIBIT A

NOTE




__________ ___, 2005




FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, The Peoples Gas Light and Coke Company., an Illinois
corporation (the “Borrower”), promises to pay to the order of [___________](the “Bank”) on
the Termination Date of the hereinafter defined Credit Agreement, or such earlier date as provided
in the Credit Agreement or this Note, at the principal office of ABN AMRO Bank N.V., in Chicago,
Illinois, in U.S. Dollars in accordance with Section 4.1 of the Credit Agreement, the aggregate
unpaid principal of all Loans made by the Bank to the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement,
together with interest on the principal amount of each Loan from time to time outstanding hereunder
at the rates, and payable in the manner and on the dates, specified in the Credit Agreement.



The Bank shall record on its books or records or on a schedule attached to this Note, which is
a part hereof, each Loan made by it pursuant to the Credit Agreement, together with all payments of
principal and interest and the principal balances from time to time outstanding hereon, whether the
Loan is a Base Rate Loan or a LIBOR Loan and the interest rate and Interest Period applicable
thereto, provided that prior to the transfer of this Note all such amounts shall be recorded on a
schedule attached to this Note. The record thereof, whether shown on such books or records or on a
schedule to this Note, shall be prima facie evidence of the same, provided, however, that the
failure of the Bank to record any of the foregoing or any error in any such record shall not limit
or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay all Loans made to it pursuant to the
Credit Agreement together with accrued interest thereon.



This Note is one of the Notes referred to in the Credit Agreement dated as of _________,
2005, by and among the Borrower, ABN AMRO Bank N.V., as Administrative Agent, and the Banks party
thereto (the “Credit Agreement”), and this Note and the holder hereof are entitled to all the
benefits provided for thereby or referred to therein, to which Credit Agreement reference is hereby
made for a statement thereof. This Note may only be conveyed, transferred, assigned or otherwise
negotiated to a holder in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement. All defined terms
used in this Note, except terms otherwise defined herein, shall have the same meaning as in the
Credit Agreement. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal
laws of the State of Illinois.



Prepayments may be made hereon and this Note may be declared due prior to the expressed
maturity hereof, all in the events, on the terms and in the manner as provided for in the Credit
Agreement.



The Borrower hereby waives demand, presentment, protest or notice of any kind hereunder.




THE PEOPLES GAS LIGHT AND COKE COMPANY




By:





Its:











A - 1

Credit Agreement




















EXHIBIT B




COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE




This Compliance Certificate is furnished to ABN AMRO Bank N.V., as Administrative Agent
pursuant to the Credit Agreement (the “Credit Agreement”) dated as of ___________, 2005, by and
among The Peoples Gas Light and Coke Company, the Banks from time to time party thereto, ABN AMRO
Bank N.V., as Administrative Agent,. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms used in this
Compliance Certificate have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement.



THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT:




1. I am the duly elected or appointed _________of The Peoples Gas Light and
Coke Company;




2. I have reviewed the terms of the Credit Agreement and I have made, or have caused
to be made under my supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and conditions of
The Peoples Gas Light and Coke Company and its Subsidiaries during the accounting period
covered by the attached financial statements;




3. The examinations described in paragraph 2 did not disclose, and I have no knowledge
of, the existence of any condition or event which constitutes a Default or an Event of
Default during or at the end of the accounting period covered by the attached financial
statements or as of the date of this Certificate, except as set forth below. Without
limitation to the foregoing, except as noted below the Borrower is in compliance with 7.5
and Section 7.6 of the Credit Agreement; and




4. Schedule 1 attached hereto sets forth (i) financial data and computations
evidencing compliance with certain covenants of the Credit Agreement, all of which data and
computations are true, complete and correct, and are made in accordance with the terms of
the Credit Agreement, and (ii) the list of Subsidiaries in existence as of the date hereof.



Described below are the exceptions, if any, to paragraph 3 by listing, in detail, the nature
of the condition or event, the period during which it has existed and the action which the Borrower
has taken, is taking, or proposes to take with respect to each such condition or event:















The foregoing certifications, together with the list set forth in Schedule 1 hereto and the
financial statements delivered with this Certificate in support hereof, are made and delivered this
_________day of _________, 20 ___.









B - 1

Credit Agreement




















SCHEDULE 1 TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE




Compliance Calculations for Credit Agreement




CALCULATION AS OF ________ __,200_





A. Capital Ratio (Sec. 7.6)

1. consolidated Indebtedness
$___
2. Consolidated Net Worth
$___
3. Sum of Line A1 plus Line
A2
$___
4. Capital Ratio
___ :1.00	 	(ratio of (A) Line A1 to (B) Line A3 not to exceed 0.65 to 1.00)






List of Subsidiaries




Peoples Gas Neighborhood Development Corporation

Peoples Gas Light Exploration Company




Credit Agreement






















EXHIBIT C




[LETTERHEAD OF BORROWER’S COUNSEL]




July __, 2005




ABN AMRO Bank N.V., as Administrative Agent

135 South LaSalle Street

Chicago, Illinois 60603




Re: The Peoples Gas Light and Coke Company



Ladies and Gentlemen:




We have acted as legal counsel to The Peoples Gas Light and Coke Company, an Illinois
corporation (the “Borrower”), in connection with the transactions contemplated by the
unsecured revolving credit facility established by that certain Credit Agreement dated as of the
date hereof (the “Credit Agreement”) among the Borrower, the financial institutions from
time to time party thereto (each a “Bank” and collectively the “Banks”), ABN AMRO
Bank N.V. in its capacity as administrative agent for the Banks. This opinion is furnished to you
pursuant to Section 6.1(a) of the Credit Agreement. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms used
herein have the meanings provided for in the Credit Agreement.




I.
Documents Reviewed




In connection with this opinion letter, we have examined the following documents:




(a) the Credit Agreement dated the date hereof; and




(b) the form of Note dated the date hereof.



The documents referred to in clauses (a) and (b) above are referred to collectively
as the “Subject Documents”.




In addition, we have examined the following:





(i) originals, or copies identified to our satisfaction as being true copies,
of such records, documents and other instruments as we have deemed necessary for the
purposes of this opinion letter;




(ii) certificates from the secretary or other appropriate representative of the
Borrower certifying in each instance as to true and correct copies of the charter,
bylaws and board of directors resolutions, of the Borrower (the “Organizational
Documents”) and as to the incumbency and specimen





C - 1



Credit Agreement


















signatures of officers or other persons authorized to execute the Subject
Documents on behalf of the Borrower;




(iii) a certificate issued by the Secretary of State of the State of Illinois
attesting to the continued existence and good standing of the Borrower in such state
(the “Good Standing Certificate”);




(iv) a Certificate of the Borrower, a copy of which is attached as Annex
A hereto (the “Borrower’s Certificate”), together with the agreements
and instruments referred to therein (collectively, the “Reviewed
Agreements”);




(v) a certificate of the chief financial officer of the Borrower required by
Section 6.1(f) of the Credit Agreement; and




(vi) The termination letter dated the date hereof terminating the Existing
Credit Agreement.



II.
Assumptions Underlying Our Opinions




For all purposes of the opinions expressed herein, we have assumed, without independent
investigation, that:




(a) Factual Matters. With regard to factual matters, to the extent that we have
reviewed and relied upon (a) certificates of the Borrower, (b) representations of the Borrower set
forth in the Subject Documents and (c) certificates and assurances from public officials, all of
such certificates, representations and assurances are accurate;




(b) Contrary Knowledge of Addressee. No addressee of this opinion letter has any
actual knowledge that any of our factual assumptions or opinions is inaccurate;




(c) Signatures. The signatures of individuals (other than individuals signing on
behalf of the Borrower) signing the Subject Documents are genuine and authorized;




(d) Authentic and Conforming Documents. All documents submitted to us as originals
are authentic, complete and accurate and all documents submitted to us as copies conform to
authentic original documents;




(e) Capacity of Certain Parties. All parties to the Subject Documents (other than the
Borrower) have the capacity and full power and authority to execute, deliver and perform the
Subject Documents and the documents required or permitted to be delivered and performed thereunder;




(f) Subject Documents Binding on Certain Parties. Except with respect to the
Borrower, all of the Subject Documents and the documents required or permitted to be delivered
thereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other action on the part of the
parties thereto, have been duly executed and delivered by such parties and are legal, valid and
binding obligations enforceable against such parties in accordance with their terms;






C - 2




Credit Agreement
















(g) Consents for Certain Parties. All necessary consents, authorizations, approvals,
permits or certificates (governmental and otherwise) which are required as a condition to the
execution and delivery of the Subject Documents by the parties thereto (other than the Borrower)
and to the consummation by such parties of the transactions contemplated thereby have been
obtained; and




(h) Accurate Description of Parties’ Understanding. The Subject Documents accurately
describe and contain the mutual understanding of the parties, and there are no oral or written
statements or agreements that modify, amend or vary, or purport to modify, amend or vary, any of
the terms thereof.




III. Our Opinions




Based on and subject to the foregoing and the other limitations, assumptions, qualifications
and exclusions set forth in this opinion letter, we are of the opinion that:




(a) Organizational Status. Based solely upon the Good Standing Certificate, the
Borrower is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Illinois as of the
date set forth in the applicable Good Standing Certificate.




(b) Power and Authority. The Borrower has the organizational power and authority to
execute, deliver and perform the terms and provisions of each Subject Document and has taken all
necessary organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance thereof.




(c) Execution, Validity and Enforceability. The Borrower has duly executed and
delivered each Subject Document and each such Subject Document constitutes its valid, binding and
enforceable obligation.




(d) Noncontravention. Neither the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower
of any Subject Document, nor the compliance by the Borrower with the terms and provisions thereof:
(i) violates any present law, statute or regulation of the State of Illinois or the United States
that, in each case, is applicable to the Borrower (including, without limitation, the United States
Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935); (ii) violates any provision of the Organizational
Documents of the Borrower; or (iii) results in any breach of any of the terms of, or constitutes a
default under, any Reviewed Agreement or results in the creation or imposition of any lien,
security interest or other encumbrance (except as contemplated by the Subject Documents) upon any
assets of the Borrower pursuant to the terms of any Reviewed Agreement.




(e) Governmental Approvals. No consent, approval or authorization of, or filing with,
any governmental authority of the State of Illinois or the United States that, in each case, is
applicable to the Borrower is required for (i) the due execution, delivery and performance by the
Borrower of any Subject Document or (ii) the validity, binding effect or enforceability of any
Subject Document, except (A) in each case as have previously been made or obtained and (B)
consents, approvals, authorizations or filings as may be required to be obtained or made by the
Banks as a result of their involvement in the transactions contemplated by the Subject Documents.






C - 3



Credit Agreement

















(f) The Borrower is a public utility within the meaning of Section 3-105 of the Illinois
Public Utilities Act (the “Public Utilities Act”), 220 ILCS 5/1-101 et seq. Pursuant to Section
6-102(c) of the Public Utilities Act, the Borrower is not required to obtain the approval of the
Illinois Commerce Commission for the execution and performance of the Credit Agreement, subject to
the qualifications in paragraph V-(d) hereof.




IV. Exclusions




We call your attention to the following matters as to which we express no opinion:




(a) Indemnification. Any agreement of the Borrower in a Subject Document relating to
indemnification, contribution or exculpation from costs, expenses or other liabilities that is
contrary to public policy or applicable law;




(b) Fraudulent Transfer. The effect, if applicable, of fraudulent conveyance,
fraudulent transfer, and preferential transfer laws, and principles of equitable subordination;




(c) Jurisdiction, Venue, etc. Any agreement by the Borrower in a Subject Document to
waive trial by jury, to effect service of process in any particular manner or to establish
evidentiary standards, and any agreement of the Borrower regarding the choice of law governing a
Subject Document;




(d) Trust Relationship. The creation of any trust relationship by the Borrower on
behalf of the Banks;




(e) Certain Laws. State securities and Blue Sky laws or regulations, federal and
state banking laws and regulations, pension and employee benefit laws and regulations, federal and
state environmental laws and regulations, federal and state tax laws and regulations, federal and
state health and occupational safety laws and regulations, building code, zoning, subdivision and
other laws and regulations governing the development, use and occupancy of real property, federal
and state antitrust and unfair competition laws and regulations, and the effect of any of the
foregoing on any of the opinions expressed herein;




(f) Local Ordinances. The ordinances, statutes, administrative decisions, orders,
rules and regulations of any municipality, county, special district or other political subdivision
of the State of Illinois;




(g) Certain Agreements of Borrower. Any agreement of the Borrower in a Subject
Document providing for:





(i) specific performance of the Borrower’s obligations;




(ii) the right of any purchaser of a participation interest from any Lender to
set off or apply any deposit, property or indebtedness with respect to any such
participation interest;





C - 4




Credit Agreement


















(iii) establishment of a contractual rate of interest payable after judgment;




(iv) the granting of any power of attorney;




(v) survival of liabilities and obligations of any party under any of the
Subject Documents arising after the effective date of termination of the Credit
Agreement; or




(vi) obligations to make an agreement in the future;



(h) Remedies. Any provision in any Subject Document to the effect that rights or
remedies are not exclusive, that every right or remedy is cumulative and may be exercised in
addition to any other right or remedy, that the election of some particular remedy does not
preclude recourse to one or more others or that failure to exercise or delay in exercising rights
or remedies will not operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.




V. Qualifications and Limitations




The opinions set forth above are subject to the following qualifications and limitations:




(a) Applicable Law. Our opinions are limited to the federal law of the United States
and the laws of the State of Illinois, and we do not express any opinion concerning any other law.




(b) Bankruptcy. Our opinions are subject to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency (including, without limitation, laws relating to preferences and fraudulent transfers or
conveyances), reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights
generally.




(c) Equitable Principles. Our opinions are subject to the effect of general
principles of equity (regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law),
including, without limitation, concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair
dealing. In applying such principles, a court, among other things, might limit the availability of
specific equitable remedies (such as injunctive relief and the remedy of specific performance),
might not allow a creditor to accelerate maturity of debt or exercise other remedies upon the
occurrence of a default deemed immaterial or for non-credit reasons or might decline to order a
debtor to perform covenants in a Subject Document. Further, a court may refuse to enforce a
covenant if and to the extent that it deems such covenant to be violative of applicable public
policy, including, for example, provisions requiring indemnification of the Banks against liability
for its own wrongful or negligent acts.




(d) Noncontravention and Governmental Approvals. With respect to the opinions
expressed in paragraphs III-(d)(i), III-(e) and III-(f), our opinions are
limited (i) to our actual knowledge, if any, of the Borrower’s specially regulated business
activities and properties based solely upon the Borrower’s Certificate in respect of such matters
and without any independent






C - 5




Credit Agreement
















investigation or verification on our part and (ii) to our review of only those laws and
regulations that, in our experience, are normally applicable to transactions of the type
contemplated by the Subject Documents. Further, if the Borrower proposed to issue notes or other
evidences of indebtedness with a term of longer than one year from the date of issuance thereof,
Section 6-102 of the Illinois Public Utilities Act, 220 ILCS 5/6-102, requires the Borrower to
first obtain the authorization of the Illinois Commerce Commission.




(e) Knowledge. Whenever our opinions are stated to be “to our knowledge” or “known to
us” (or words of similar import), it means the actual knowledge of the particular McGuireWoods LLP
attorney who has represented the Borrower in connection with the Subject Documents and who has
given substantive attention to the preparation and negotiation thereof – namely, John G. Nassos.
Except as expressly set forth herein, we have not undertaken any independent investigation
(including, without limitation, conducting any review, search or investigation of any public files
or records or dockets or any review of our files) to determine the existence or absence of any
facts, and no inference as to our knowledge concerning such facts should be drawn from our reliance
on the same in connection with the preparation and delivery of this opinion letter.




(f) Reviewed Agreements. With respect to our opinion in paragraph III-(d), we
have assumed that the law governing each of the Reviewed Agreements would have the same effect as
the law of the State of Illinois and we express no opinion as to any violation not readily
ascertainable from the face of any Reviewed Agreement or arising from any cross-default provision
insofar as it relates to a default under an agreement that is not a Reviewed Agreement or arising
under a covenant of a financial or numerical nature or requiring computation.




(g) Material Changes to Terms. Provisions in the Subject Documents which provide that
any obligations of the Borrower will not be affected by the action or failure to act on the part of
the Banks or by an amendment or waiver of the provisions contained in the other Subject Documents
might not be enforceable under circumstances in which such action, failure to act, amendment or
waiver so materially changes the essential terms of the obligations that, in effect, a new contract
has arisen between the Banks and the Borrower.




(h) Incorporated Documents. This opinion does not relate to (and we have not
reviewed) any documents or instruments other than the Subject Documents and the Reviewed
Agreements, and we express no opinion as to such other documents or instruments (including, without
limitation, any documents or instruments referenced or incorporated in any of the Subject
Documents) or as to the interplay between the Subject Documents and any such other documents and
instruments.




(i) Mathematical Calculations. We have made no independent verification of any of the
numbers, schedules, formulae or calculations in the Subject Documents, and we render no opinion
with regard to the accuracy, validity or enforceability of any of them.






C - 6



Credit Agreement

















VI. Reliance on Opinions




The foregoing opinions are being furnished to the Banks for the purpose referred to in the
first paragraph of this opinion letter, and this opinion letter is not to be furnished to any other
person or entity or used or relied upon for any other purpose without our prior written consent.
The opinions set forth herein are made as of the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to
supplement this opinion letter if any applicable laws change after the date hereof or if we become
aware after the date hereof of any facts that might change the opinions expressed herein.




Very truly yours,





C - 7




Credit Agreement

















EXHIBIT D




ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION




This Assignment and Assumption (the “Assignment and Assumption”) is dated as of the
Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [Insert name of Assignor] (the
“Assignor”) and [Insert name of Assignee] (the “Assignee”). Capitalized terms used
but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified
below (as amended, the “Credit Agreement”), receipt of a copy of which is hereby
acknowledged by the Assignee. Annex 1 attached hereto is hereby agreed to and incorporated herein
by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full.



For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the
Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to
and in accordance with the Assignment and Assumption and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective
Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor’s rights
and obligations in its capacity as a Bank under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or
instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest
identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the
respective facilities identified below (including without limitation any letters of credit,
guarantees, and swingline loans included in such facilities) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be
assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the
Assignor (in its capacity as a Bank) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or
in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant
thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the
foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims,
statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations
sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned
pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as, the “Assigned
Interest”). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as
expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the
Assignor.




1.	 	Assignor:

2.	 	Assignee:

[and is an Affiliate/Approved Fund of [identify Bank]1]

3.	 	Borrower: The Peoples Gas Light and Coke Company

4.	 	Administrative Agent: ABN AMRO Bank N.V., as the administrative agent under the Credit
Agreement













1	 	Select as applicable.







D - 1



Credit Agreement


















5.	 	Credit Agreement: The Credit Agreement dated as of                      ___, 2005, by and among The
Peoples Gas Light and Coke Company, the Banks party thereto, ABN AMRO Bank N.V., as
Administrative Agent, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, NA, as Syndication Agent.

6.	 	Assigned Interest:






Amount of	 	Amount of	 	 	 	 	 	Amount of	 	Amount of
Commitment/Loans	 	Commitment/Loans	 	 	 	 	 	Commitment/Loans	 	Commitment/Loans
of Assignor prior to	 	of Assignee prior to	 	Amount of	 	of Assignor after	 	of Assignee after
[Effective][Trade]	 	[Effective][Trade]	 	Commitment/Loans	 	[Effective][Trade]	 	[Effective][Trade]
Date	 	Date	 	Assigned	 	Date	 	Date

$	 	 	 	$	 	 	 	$	 	 	 	$	 	 	 	$







[7. 	 	 Trade Date:                                         ]2




Effective Date:                      ___, 20___[TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE
THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]



The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to:





ASSIGNOR

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]


By:
Title:






ASSIGNEE



[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]


By:

Title:













2	 	To be completed if the Assignor and the Assignee intend
that the minimum assignment amount is to be determined as of the Trade Date.





D - 2





Credit Agreement


















Consented to and Accepted:




ABN AMRO BANK N.V., as

Administrative Agent





By:



Title:









D - 3




Credit Agreement














ANNEX 1 to Assignment and Assumption




STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION




1. Representations and Warranties.



1.1 Assignor. The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and
beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any
lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken
all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any
statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any
other Credit Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness,
sufficiency or value of the Credit Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial
condition of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in
respect of any Credit Document or (iv) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its
Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any
Credit Document.



1.2 Assignee. The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and
authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and
Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Bank under the
Credit Agreement, (ii) it meets all requirements of an Eligible Assignee under the Credit Agreement
(subject to receipt of such consents as may be required under the Credit Agreement), (iii) from and
after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Bank
thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Bank
thereunder, (iv) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most
recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 7.3 thereof, as applicable, and such
other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and
decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the
basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the
Administrative Agent or any other Bank, and (v) if it is a foreign lender, attached to the
Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms
of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it
will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other
Bank, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time,
continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit
Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by
the terms of the Credit Documents are required to be performed by it as a Bank.



2. Payments. From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make
all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees
and other amounts) to the Assignee whether such amounts have accrued prior to, on or after the
Effective Date. The Assignor and the Assignee shall make all appropriate adjustments in






Annex 1 - 1


Credit Agreement






















payments by the Administrative Agent for periods prior to the Effective Date or with respect
to the making of this assignment directly between themselves.




3. General Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and
inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This
Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall
constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this
Assignment and Assumption by facsimile shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed
by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of Illinois.





Annex 1 - 2


Credit Agreement

















\






SCHEDULE 1A




PRICING GRID





S & P/ Moody’s	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	lower than
Senior Secured	 	A/ A2 or	 	 	 	 	 	BBB+/	 	BBB/	 	BBB-/	 	BBB-/
Rating	 	higher	 	A-/ A3	 	Baa1	 	Baa2	 	Baa3	 	Baa3
Commitment Fee
8.0	 	 	 	10.0	 	 	 	12.5	 	 	 	15.0	 	 	 	17.5	 	 	 	25.0
Base Rate Margin
0.0	 	 	 	0.0	 	 	 	0.0	 	 	 	0.0	 	 	 	0.0	 	 	 	50.0
LIBOR Margin
35.0	 	 	 	40.0	 	 	 	47.5	 	 	 	57.5	 	 	 	75.0	 	 	 	112.5
Utilization Fee
(>50%)
10.0	 	 	 	10.0	 	 	 	12.5	 	 	 	12.5	 	 	 	12.5	 	 	 	12.5





Any change in a Credit Rating of the Borrower (and if applicable, any change in fees or
interest payable hereunder based on such Credit Rating), shall be effective as of the date such
change is announced by the applicable rating agency.












*	 	If the Borrower is split-rated and the ratings differential is one level, the higher rating
will apply. If the Borrower is split-rated and the ratings differential is two levels or
more, the rating level one below the higher level will apply. If at any time the Borrower has
no Moody’s rating or no Standard & Poors’ rating, the “Lower than BBB-/Baa3” level will apply;
provided, however, that in such event the Borrower may propose an alternative rating agency or
mechanism in replacement thereof, subject to the written consent of the Required Banks, such
consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned.







Schedule 1A - 1



Credit Agreement























SCHEDULE 4




ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT’S NOTICE AND PAYMENT INFORMATION




Part A
— Payments




Loan Repayments, Interest, Fees:




ABN AMRO Bank N.V.

New York, NY

ABA # 026009580

F/O ABN AMRO Bank, N.V.

Chicago Branch CPU

Account # 650-001-1789-41

Reference: Agency Services / Peoples Gas Light & Coke




Letters of Credit:




ABN AMRO Bank N.V.

New York, NY

ABA # 026009580

F/O ABN AMRO Bank N.V.

Chicago Trade Services CPU

Account # 655-001-1711-41

Reference: Agency Services / Peoples Gas Light & Coke




Part B
— Notices



Notices related to commitments, covenants or extensions of expiry/termination dates:




ABN AMRO Bank N.V.

540 West Madison Street, 21st Floor

Chicago, IL 60661-2591

Attn: Agency Services

E-Mail: [                                        ]

FAX: [                                        ]




ABN AMRO Bank N.V.

540 West Madison Street, 26th Floor

Chicago, IL 60661-2591

Attn: Credit Administration

E-Mail: kenneth.keck@abnamro.com

FAX: 312-992-5111







Schedule 4 - 1



Credit Agreement























ABN AMRO Bank N.V.

4400 Post Oak Parkway, Suite 1500

Houston, TX 77027

Attn: [                                        ]

E-Mail: [                                                            ]

FAX: [                                        ]




Notices related to Loans, Interest and Fees and all required Financial Information:




ABN AMRO Bank N.V.

540 West Madison Street, 21st Floor

Chicago, IL 60661-2591

Attn: Agency Services

E-Mail: [                                        ]

FAX: [                                        ]




Notices related to Letters of Credit:




ABN AMRO Bank N.V.

ABN AMRO Plaza

540 West Madison, 26th Floor

Chicago, IL 60661

Attn: Trade Services

Telephone:       (312) 904-8462

FAX:                (312) 904-6303






Schedule 4 - 2




Credit Agreement








