










EXECUTION COPY

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT


AMENDED  AND  RESTATED  CREDIT  AGREEMENT  dated as of  September  6,  2002
amending and restating the Credit Agreement dated as of September 7, 2001 (as in
effect prior to such amendment and restatement,  the "Credit  Agreement")  among
THE DUN & BRADSTREET  CORPORATION  (the "Company"),  the BORROWING  SUBSIDIARIES
party thereto (the "Borrowing  Subsidiaries" and together with the Company,  the
"Borrowers"), the LENDERS party thereto (the "Lenders"), JPMORGAN CHASE BANK (as
successor  to  The  Chase  Manhattan   Bank),  as   Administrative   Agent  (the
"Administrative  Agent"),  CITIBANK,  N.A.  and BANK OF  TOKYO-MITSUBISHI  TRUST
COMPANY,  as  Co-Syndication  Agents,  and THE BANK OF NEW YORK and THE NORTHERN
TRUST COMPANY, as Co-Documentation Agents.

W I T N E S S E T H :

WHEREAS,  the parties  hereto  desire to amend the Credit  Agreement to (i)
extend the  Revolver  Termination  Date from the date that is 364 days after the
effective  date of the Credit  Agreement  to the date that is 364 days after the
Amendment  Effective Date (as  hereinafter  defined),  (ii) reduce the aggregate
amount of the credit facility, (iii) change the pricing applicable to Eurodollar
Revolving  Loans and facility fees, (iv) make any necessary  conforming  changes
with respect to the  amendments set forth in clauses (i) through (iii) above and
(v) amend the Commitments of each Lender, all as set forth herein;

WHEREAS, the parties hereto wish to amend the Credit Agreement as set forth
herein and to restate the Credit  Agreement in its entirety to read as set forth
in the Credit Agreement with the amendments specified below;

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:

SECTION 1. Defined Terms; References. Unless otherwise specifically defined
herein,  each term used herein which is defined in the Credit  Agreement has the
meaning  assigned  to such  term in the  Credit  Agreement.  Each  reference  to
"hereof",  "hereunder",  "herein" and "hereby" and each other similar  reference
and  each  reference  to  "this  Agreement"  and each  other  similar  reference
contained in the Credit Agreement shall, after the Amendment  Effective Date (as
defined below), refer to the Credit Agreement as amended and restated hereby.



<PAGE>





SECTION 2.  Definitions.  (a) The definition of  "Administrative  Agent" in
Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is amended by changing the words "The Chase
Manhattan Bank" to "JPMorgan Chase Bank".

(b) The definition of "Applicable Rate" in Section 1.01 of the Credit
Agreement is amended to read in full as follows:

"Applicable Rate" means, for any day, (x) with respect to any
Eurodollar Revolving Loan, a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin
determined in accordance with the Pricing Grid, and (y) with respect to the
facility fees payable pursuant to Section 2.11, a rate per annum equal to the
Facility Fee determined in accordance with the Pricing Grid.

(c) The definition of "Commitment" in Section 1.01 of the Credit
Agreement is amended by changing the last sentence of the definition to read in
full as follows:

"The aggregate amount of the Commitments as of the Amendment Effective
Date is $100,000,000."

(d) The definition of "Disclosed Matters" in Section 1.01 of the Credit
Agreement is amended by replacing the reference therein to "footnote 9" with
"footnote 7" and by replacing the reference therein to "2001" with "2002".

(e) The definition of "Existing Credit Agreement" in Section 1.01 of
the Credit Agreement is amended by replacing the reference therein to "September
11, 2000" with "September 7, 2001" and by replacing the reference therein to
"Effective Date" with "Amendment Effective Date".

(f) The definition of "Information Memorandum" in Section 1.01 of the
Credit Agreement is amended by replacing the reference therein to "2001" with
"2002".

(g) The definition of "LIBO Rate" in Section 1.01 of the Credit
Agreement is amended by replacing the reference therein to "Dow Jones Markets
Service" with "Telerate Service".

(h) The definition of "Prime Rate" in Section 1.01 of the Credit
Agreement is amended by replacing the reference therein to "The Chase Manhattan
Bank" with "JPMorgan Chase Bank".

(i) The definition of "Revolver Termination Date" in Section 1.01 of
the Credit Agreement is amended to read in full as follows:



<PAGE>


"Revolver  Termination Date" means September 5, 2003 or, if such day is not
a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day.

(j) The definitions in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement are further
amended by adding the following definitions in the appropriate alphabetical
order:

"Amendment Effective Date" means September 6, 2002.


"Pricing Grid" means the Schedule attached hereto identified as such.

SECTION 3. Provision for Increase of  Commitments.  Section  2.08(d) of the
Credit Agreement is amended by replacing the reference  therein to "$87,500,000"
with "$50,000,000".

SECTION 4.  Representation  regarding  Financial  Condition and No Material
Adverse Change. (a) Sections 3.04(a) and (b) of the Credit Agreement are amended
by replacing  each  reference  therein to (i) "2000" with "2001" and (ii) "2001"
with "2002".

SECTION 5.  Changes in  Commitments.  With  effect from and  including  the
Amendment  Effective  Date (as  defined in Section  11 below),  (i) each  Person
listed  on the  signature  pages  hereof  which  is not a  party  to the  Credit
Agreement  (each,  a "New  Lender")  shall  become a Lender  party to the Credit
Agreement  and (ii) the  Commitment of each Lender shall be the amount set forth
opposite the name of such Lender on the signature pages hereof. On the Amendment
Effective  Date,  any Lender  whose  Commitment  is changed  to zero  (each,  an
"Exiting Lender") shall cease to be a Lender party to the Credit Agreement,  and
all accrued fees and other amounts  payable  under the Credit  Agreement for the
account of each Exiting  Lender shall be due and payable on such date;  provided
that the  provisions of Sections  2.14,  2.16 and 10.03 of the Credit  Agreement
shall  continue  to  inure to the  benefit  of each  Exiting  Lender  after  the
Amendment Effective Date.

SECTION 6. Pricing Grid. The Credit Agreement is amended by adding as a new
Schedule the Schedule attached hereto identified as such.

SECTION 7. Amendment to Schedules to the Credit Agreement. Schedule 3.12 of
the Credit  Agreement  is amended by  replacing  it with the  Schedule  attached
hereto identified as such.



<PAGE>


SECTION 8.  Representations  of  Borrower.  Each  Borrower  represents  and
warrants that (i) the  representations and warranties of such Borrower set forth
in Article 3 of the Credit Agreement,  after giving effect to this Amendment and
Restatement,  are true and  correct  as though  made on and as of the  Amendment
Effective Date and (ii) no Default has occurred and is continuing on such date.

SECTION 9. Governing Law. This Amendment and Restatement  shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

SECTION 10.  Counterparts.  This Amendment and Restatement may be signed in
any number of  counterparts,  each of which shall be an original,  with the same
effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.

SECTION 11.  Effectiveness.  This  Amendment and  Restatement  shall become
effective  as of the date  hereof  when the  following  conditions  are met (the
"Amendment Effective Date"):

(a) the Administrative Agent shall have received from each of
the Borrowers and the Lenders a counterpart hereof signed by such party
or facsimile or other written confirmation (in form satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent) that such party has signed a counterpart hereof;

(b) the Administrative Agent shall have received an opinion of
David J. Lewinter, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
for the Company, dated the Amendment Effective Date substantially in
the form of Exhibit A hereto; and

(c) all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to
the Amendment Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced,
reimbursement or payment of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
required to be reimbursed or paid by the Company hereunder.

SECTION 12. Confirmation of Agreement. Except as amended hereby, all of the
terms of the  Credit  Agreement  shall  remain in full  force and effect and are
hereby confirmed in all respects.



<PAGE>






IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Amendment and Restatement to be duly executed as of the date first
above written.

THE DUN & BRADSTREET CORPORATION


By: /s/ R.E. Parker
Title: Vice President - Treasury
and Investor Relations


<PAGE>






Commitment

$15,000,000.00                              JPMORGAN CHASE BANK,
individually, as Lead Arranger
and as Administrative Agent


By: /s/ Peter B. Thauer
Title: Vice President




<PAGE>






$13,000,000.00                              CITIBANK, N.A., individually and as
Co-Syndication Agent



By: /s/ Hugo Arias
Title: Vice President




<PAGE>





$13,000,000.00                           BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI TRUST COMPANY,
individually and as
Co- Syndication Agent


By: /s/ Paresh R. Shah
Title: Vice President




<PAGE>






$13,000,000.00                              THE BANK OF NEW YORK, individually
and as Co-Documentation Agent


By: /s/ Randolph E.J. Medrano
Title: Vice President


<PAGE>





$13,000,000.00                              THE NORTHERN TRUST COMPANY,
individually and as
Co-Documentation Agent


By: /s/ Eric Strickland
Title: Vice President



<PAGE>






$11,000,000.00                              BMO NESBITT BURNS FINANCING INC.,
individually and as Co-Agent


By: /s/ Brian L. Banke
Title: Vice President




<PAGE>






$11,000,000.00                              SUNTRUST BANK,
individually and as Co-Agent


By: /s/ Todd Sheets
Title: AVP



<PAGE>






$11,000,000.00                              BARCLAYS BANK PLC,
individually and as Co-Agent


By: /s/ Nicholas A. Bell
Title: Director, Loan Transaction
Management



<PAGE>






PRICING GRID


The  "Applicable  Margin" and the  "Facility  Fee" for the Borrowers at any
date are the respective  rates set forth below in the applicable  column and row
based upon the Status of the Company  that exists on such date,  provided,  that
for any day on and after the Revolver  Termination  Date, the Applicable  Margin
shall be the sum of 25 basis points plus the rate so determined.
<TABLE>

<CAPTION>
<S>                                                <C>               <C>                <C>
Status                                          Level I           Level II          Level III
Applicable Margin (bps)                          15.5               17.0              21.0
Facility Fee (bps)                                7.0               8.0                9.0
</TABLE>

For purposes of this Pricing Grid, the following terms have the
following meanings:

"Fitch" means the ratings service of Fitch, Inc.

"Level I Status" exists at any date if, at such date, the Company
has commercial paper ratings, without third party credit enhancement, of
both (i) A-1 or higher by S&P and (ii) F-1 or higher by Fitch.

"Level II Status" exists at any date if, at such date, the Company
has commercial paper ratings, without third party credit enhancement, of
either, but not both (i) A-1 by S&P or (ii) F-1 by Fitch.

"Level III Status" exists at any date if, at such date, no other
Status exists.

"S&P" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a division of The
McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.

"Status" refers to the determination of which of Level I Status,
Level II Status or Level III Status exists at any date.




