






credit-agree.htm


EXHIBIT 99.1








EXECUTION
VERSION










$1,500,000,000




AMENDED
AND RESTATED FIVE-YEAR CREDIT AGREEMENT



Dated as
of March 27, 2008



among



AETNA
INC.,

as
Borrower,



The
Lenders Listed Herein,



JPMORGAN
CHASE BANK, N.A.,

as
Administrative Agent



and



BANK OF
AMERICA, N.A. and

CITIBANK,
N.A.,

as
Co-Syndication Agents



___________________________






J.P.
MORGAN SECURITIES INC.,

as Lead
Arranger and Sole Bookrunner
































i










TABLE OF CONTENTS *
















Page













ARTICLE
I



Definitions







SECTION 1.01. Definitions
1
SECTION 1.02. Accounting Terms and Determinations	 12
SECTION 1.03. Classifications of Borrowings	 12













ARTICLE
II



The
Credits








SECTION 2.01. Commitments to Lend	 13
SECTION 2.02. Notice of Committed Borrowings 	 13
SECTION 2.03. Money Market Borrowings	 13
SECTION 2.04. Notice to Lenders; Funding of
Loans 	 17
SECTION 2.05. Evidence of Debt 	 18
SECTION 2.06. Maturity of Loans	 18
SECTION 2.07. Termination or Reduction of
Commitments	 20
SECTION 2.08. Increase in Commitments 	 20
SECTION 2.09. Interest Rates	 21
SECTION 2.10. Fees 	 23
SECTION 2.11. Method of Electing Interest
Rates 	 24
SECTION 2.12. Prepayments 	 25
SECTION 2.13. General Provisions as to
Payments 	 26
SECTION 2.14. Funding Losses 	 27
SECTION 2.15. Computation of Interest and
Fees 	 27
SECTION 2.16. Regulation D Compensation 	 27
SECTION 2.17. Letters of Credit	 28










ARTICLE
III



Conditions







SECTION 3.01. Effectiveness	 33
SECTION 3.02. Borrowings 	 34



















* The
Table of Contents is not a part of this Agreement.





























ii







ARTICLE
IV



Representations
and Warranties









SECTION 4.01. Corporate Existence and Power 	 35
SECTION 4.02. Corporate and Governmental Authorization; No
Contravention 	 35
SECTION 4.03. Binding Effect	 36
SECTION 4.04. Financial Information	 36
SECTION 4.05. Litigation 	 36
SECTION 4.06. Compliance with ERISA 	 36
SECTION 4.07. Compliance with Laws and
Agreements 	 36
SECTION 4.08. Investment Company Act 	 37
SECTION 4.09. Full Disclosure 	 37
SECTION 4.10. Taxes 	 37










ARTICLE V



Covenants





SECTION 5.01. Information 	 37
SECTION 5.02. Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence and
Insurance 	 39
SECTION 5.03. Leverage Ratio 	 39
SECTION 5.04. Liens 	 39
SECTION 5.05. Consolidations, Mergers and Sales of
Assets	 40
SECTION 5.06. Use of Proceeds and Letters of
Credit 	 40
SECTION 5.07. Compliance with Laws 	 40
SECTION 5.08. Inspection of Property, Books and
Records	 41
SECTION 5.09. Payment of Obligations 	 41










ARTICLE
VI



Defaults







SECTION 6.01. Events of Default	 41
SECTION 6.02. Notice of Default 	 43












ARTICLE
VII



The
Agent







SECTION 7.01. Appointment and Authorization 	 43
SECTION 7.02. Agent and Affiliates 	 44
SECTION 7.03. Action by Agent 	 44
SECTION 7.04. Consultation with Experts	 44
SECTION 7.05. Liability of Agent 	 44













































iii


SECTION 7.06. Indemnification 	 44
SECTION 7.07. Credit Decision 	 44
SECTION 7.08. Successor Agent	 45
SECTION 7.09. Agent’s Fees	 45
SECTION 7.10. Co-Syndication Agents	 45











ARTICLE
VIII



Change in
Circumstances







SECTION 8.01. Basis for Determining Interest Rate Inadequate or
Unfair 	 45
SECTION 8.02. Illegality 	 46
SECTION 8.03. Increased Cost and Reduced
Return 	 46
SECTION 8.04. Taxes 	 48
SECTION 8.05. Base Rate Loans Substituted for Affected Euro-Dollar
Loans	 50
SECTION 8.06. Substitution of Lender 	 50
SECTION 8.07. Election to Terminate 	 51













ARTICLE
IX



Miscellaneous







SECTION 9.01. Notices
SECTION 9.02. No Waivers 	 51
SECTION 9.03. Expenses; Indemnification 	 52
SECTION 9.04. Amendments and Waivers 	 52
SECTION 9.05. Successors and Assigns	 53
SECTION 9.06. USA Patriot Act	 53
SECTION 9.07. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of
Process	 55
SECTION 9.08. Counterparts; Integration	 56
SECTION 9.09. Headings	 56
SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL	 56
SECTION 9.11. Confidentiality	 57
SECTION 9.12. No Fiduciary Relationship 	 57








































iv








Schedules and Exhibits
Schedule 2.01	 -      Commitments
Exhibit A	 -      Form of Note
Exhibit B 	 -      Form of Money Market Quote
Request
Exhibit C  	 -      Form of Invitation for Money
Market Quotes
Exhibit D	 -      Form of Money Market
Quote
Exhibit E-1 	 -      Opinion of William C. Baskin
III, Esq.
Exhibit E-2 	 -      Opinion of Davis Polk &
Wardwell
Exhibit E-3 	 -      Opinion of Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP
Exhibit F 	 -      Form of Assignment and
Assumption


































































AMENDED
AND RESTATED FIVE-YEAR CREDIT

AGREEMENT
dated as of March 27, 2008 among AETNA INC.,

the
LENDERS listed on the signature pages hereof, and

JPMORGAN
CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent.



The
parties hereto agree that the Existing Credit Agreement (as defined in Article
I) shall be, upon effectiveness of this Agreement in accordance with
Section 3.01 hereof, amended and restated to read in its entirety as
follows:



ARTICLE
I




Definitions



SECTION
1.01. Definitions.  The
following terms, as used herein, have the following meanings:



“Absolute Rate
Auction” means a solicitation of Money Market Quotes setting forth Money
Market Absolute Rates pursuant to Section 2.03.



“Adjusted Consolidated
Capitalization” means, as of any date, the sum of (i) Total Debt as of
such date and (ii) Adjusted Consolidated Net Worth as of such date.



“Adjusted Consolidated Net
Worth” means at any date, the total consolidated shareholders’ equity of
the Borrower determined as of such date in accordance with GAAP, adjusted to
exclude (i) any adjustment recorded to reflect the overfunded or underfunded
status of the Borrower’s defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans
in accordance with SFAS 158 and (ii) any net unrealized capital gains and
losses.



“Administrative
Questionnaire” means, with respect to each Lender, the administrative
questionnaire in the form submitted to such Lender by the Agent and submitted to
the Agent (with a copy to the Borrower) duly completed by such
Lender.



“Affiliate” means,
with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly
through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under
common Control with the Person specified.



“Agent” means JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A. in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders
hereunder, and its successors in such capacity.



“Applicable Lending
Office” means, with respect to any Lender, (i) in the case of its
Base Rate Loans, its Domestic Lending Office, (ii) in the case of its
Euro-Dollar Loans, its Euro-Dollar Lending Office and (iii) in the case of its
Money Market Loans, its Money Market Lending Office.



“Applicable
Percentage” means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the
total Commitments represented by such Lender’s Commitment.  If the
Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentage shall be
determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to
any assignments.



























2


“Assignment and
Assumption” means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender
and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by
Section 9.05), and accepted by the Agent, in the form of Exhibit F or any other
form approved by the Agent.



“Augmenting Lender”
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.08.



“Base Rate” means, for
any day, a rate per annum equal to the higher of (i) the Prime Rate for
such day and (ii) the sum of 1/2 of 1% plus the Federal Funds Rate for such
day.



“Base Rate Loan” means
(i) a Committed Loan which bears interest at the Base Rate pursuant to the
applicable Notice of Committed Borrowing or a Notice of Interest Rate Election
or the provisions of Article VIII or (ii) an overdue amount which was
a Base Rate Loan immediately before it became overdue.



“Borrower” means Aetna
Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation, and its successors.



“Borrowing” means a
borrowing hereunder consisting of Loans made to the Borrower at the same time by
the Lenders pursuant to Article II.  A Borrowing is a “Base Rate
Borrowing” if such Loans are Base Rate Loans, a “Euro-Dollar Borrowing” if such
Loans are Euro-Dollar Loans and a “Money Market Borrowing” if such Loans are
Money Market Loans.



“Commitment” means,
with respect to each Lender, the amount set forth opposite the name of such
Lender on Schedule 2.01 hereto, as such amount may be terminated or reduced from
time to time pursuant to Section 2.07, increased pursuant to Section 2.08,
terminated pursuant to Section 8.07 or changed pursuant to Section
9.05.



“Commitment Increase”
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.08(b).



“Committed Loan” means
a loan made by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.01; provided that, if any
such loan or loans (or portions thereof) are combined or subdivided pursuant to
a Notice of Interest Rate Election, the term “Committed Loan” shall refer to the
combined principal amount resulting from such combination or to each of the
separate principal amounts resulting from such subdivision, as the case may
be.



“Consenting Lender”
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.06(c).



“Consolidated
Subsidiary” means, at any date, any Subsidiary or other entity the
accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the Borrower in its
consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP if such statements
were prepared as of such date.



“Continuing Director”
means, at any time, a director who (i) was a director of the Borrower on
the Effective Date or (ii) was nominated or elected as a

























3




director
by vote of a majority of the persons who were Continuing Directors at the time
of such nomination or election.



“Control” means the
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the
direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability
to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise.  “Controlling” and
“Controlled”
have meanings correlative thereto.



“Declining Lender” has
the meaning set forth in Section 2.06(c).



“Default” means any
condition or event which constitutes an Event of Default or which with the
giving of notice or lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become
an Event of Default.



“Disclosure Documents”
means (a) the Confidential Information Memorandum dated March 2008 previously
delivered to the Lenders; (b) the Borrower’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the period
ended December 31, 2007; and (c)  the Borrower’s Current Reports
on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before March
3, 2008.



“Dollars” and the sign
“$” mean lawful
currency of the United States of America.



“Domestic Business
Day” means any day except a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which
commercial banks in New York City are authorized by law to close.



“Domestic Lending
Office” means, as to each Lender, its office located at its address set
forth in its Administrative Questionnaire (or identified in its Administrative
Questionnaire as its Domestic Lending Office) or such other office as such
Lender may hereafter designate as its Domestic Lending Office by notice to the
Borrower and the Agent.



“Effective Date” means
the date this Agreement becomes effective in accordance with
Section 3.01.



“ERISA” means the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.



“ERISA Group” means
all members of a controlled group of corporations and all trades or businesses
(whether or not incorporated) under common control which, together with the
Borrower, are treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the
Internal Revenue Code.



“Euro-Dollar Business
Day” means any Domestic Business Day on which commercial banks are open
for international business (including dealings in dollar deposits) in
London.



























4


“Euro-Dollar Lending
Office” means, as to each Lender, its office, branch or Affiliate located
at its address set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire (or identified
in its Administrative Questionnaire as its Euro-Dollar Lending Office) or such
other office, branch or Affiliate of such Lender as it may hereafter designate
as its Euro-Dollar Lending Office by notice to the Borrower and the
Agent.



“Euro-Dollar Loan”
means (i) a Committed Loan which bears interest at a Euro-Dollar Rate
pursuant to the applicable Notice of Committed Borrowing or a Notice of Interest
Rate Election or (ii) an overdue amount which was a Euro-Dollar Loan
immediately before it became overdue.



“Euro-Dollar Margin”
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.09(b).



“Euro-Dollar Rate”
means a rate of interest determined pursuant to Section 2.09(b) on the
basis of the London Interbank Offered Rate.



“Euro-Dollar Reserve
Percentage” means, for any day, that percentage (expressed as a decimal)
which is in effect on such day, as prescribed by the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System (or any successor), for determining the maximum reserve
requirement for a member bank of the Federal Reserve System in New York City
with deposits exceeding five billion dollars in respect of “Eurocurrency
liabilities” (or in respect of any other category of liabilities which includes
deposits by reference to which the interest rate on Euro-Dollar Loans is
determined or any category of extensions of credit or other assets which
includes loans by a non-United States office of any Lender to United States
residents).



“Event of Default” has
the meaning set forth in Section 6.01.



“Existing Credit
Agreement” means the $1,000,000,000 Amended and Restated Five-Year Credit
Agreement dated as of January 20, 2006 (as further amended from time to time),
among the Borrower, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
administrative agent.



“Existing Maturity
Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.06(c).



“Extension Date” has
the meaning set forth in Section 2.06(c).



“Federal Funds Rate”
means, for any day, the rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the
nearest 1/100th of 1%) equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight
Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged
by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank
of New York on the Domestic Business Day next succeeding such day; provided that
(i) if such day is not a Domestic Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for
such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Domestic
Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Domestic Business Day, and
(ii) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Domestic
Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate
quoted to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. on



























5


such day
on such transactions as calculated by the Agent, such calculation to be supplied
to the Borrower upon the Borrower’s request.



“Fitch” means Fitch,
Inc.



“Fixed Rate Loans”
means Euro-Dollar Loans or Money Market Loans (excluding Money Market LIBOR
Loans bearing interest at the Base Rate for the reason stated in Section 8.01)
or any combination of the foregoing.



“GAAP” means generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.



“Group of Loans” or
“Group” means
at any time a group of Loans consisting of (i) all Committed Loans which
are Base Rate Loans at such time or (ii) all Committed Loans which are
Euro-Dollar Loans having the same Interest Period at such time; provided that, if
Committed Loans of any particular Lender are converted to or made as Base Rate
Loans pursuant to Article VIII, such Loans shall be included in the same
Group or Groups of Loans from time to time as they would have been in if they
had not been so converted or made.



“Guarantee” of or by
any Person (the “guarantor”) means any
obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the
economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness of any other Person (the “primary obligor”) in
any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the
guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply
funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or to purchase (or to
advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment
thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the
purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness of the payment thereof,
including pursuant to any “synthetic” lease arrangement, (c) to maintain
working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or
liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such
Indebtedness or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit
or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness; provided that the
term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the
ordinary course of business.



“Indebtedness” of any
Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for
borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds,
debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such
Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to
property acquired by such Person, (d) all obligations of such Person in
respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding
current accounts payable and accrued obligations incurred in the ordinary course
of business), (e) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the
holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to
be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or
not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, (f) all Guarantees
by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (g) all obligations of such
Person as an account party to reimburse amounts drawn under any letter of credit
or letter of guaranty that



























6


constituted
Indebtedness of such Person under clause (f) above prior to drawing
thereunder and (h) all obligations of such Person in respect of leases
required to be accounted for as capital leases under GAAP.



“Interest Period”
means:



(a) with
respect to each Base Rate Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such
Borrowing and ending on the next succeeding Quarterly Date; provided that any
Interest Period which would otherwise end after the Maturity Date shall end on
the Maturity Date;



(b) with
respect to each Euro-Dollar Loan, a period commencing on the date of Borrowing
specified in the applicable Notice of Committed Borrowing or on the date
specified in the applicable Notice of Interest Rate Election and ending one,
two, three or six months thereafter, as the Borrower may elect in the applicable
Notice or such longer period as mutually agreed to by the Borrower and all of
the Lenders; provided
that:



(i) any
Interest Period which would otherwise end on a day which is not a Euro-Dollar
Business Day shall, subject to clause (b)(iii) below, be extended to the
next succeeding Euro-Dollar Business Day;



(ii) any
Interest Period which begins on the last Euro-Dollar Business Day of a calendar
month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the
calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall, subject to
clause (b)(iii) below, end on the last Euro-Dollar Business Day of a
calendar month; and



(iii) any
Interest Period which would otherwise end after the Maturity Date shall end on
the Maturity Date.



(c) with
respect to each Money Market LIBOR Loan, the period commencing on the date of
Borrowing and ending such whole number of months thereafter as the Borrower may
elect in accordance with Section 2.03; provided
that:



(i) any
Interest Period which would otherwise end on a day which is not a Euro-Dollar
Business Day shall, subject to clause (c)(iii) below, be extended to the
next succeeding Euro-Dollar Business Day;



(ii) any
Interest Period which begins on the last Euro-Dollar Business Day of a calendar
month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the
calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall, subject to
clause (c)(iii) below, end on the last Euro-Dollar Business Day of a
calendar month; and



(iii) any
Interest Period which would otherwise end after the Maturity Date shall end on
the Maturity Date;




















7





(d) with
respect to each Money Market Absolute Rate Loan, the period commencing on the
date of Borrowing and ending such number of days thereafter (but not less than
seven days) as the Borrower may elect in accordance with Section 2.03;
provided
that:



(i) any
Interest Period which would otherwise end on a day which is not a Euro-Dollar
Business Day shall, subject to clause (d)(ii) below, be extended to the
next succeeding Euro-Dollar Business Day; and



(ii) any
Interest Period which would otherwise end after the Maturity Date shall end on
the Maturity Date.



“Internal Revenue
Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any
successor statute.



“Invitation for Money Market
Quotes” means an invitation from the Agent to the Lenders to submit Money
Market Quotes pursuant to Section 2.03(c).



“Issuing Bank” means
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and each other Person that shall have become an
Issuing Bank hereunder as provided in Section 2.17(j), each in its capacity as
an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder.  Each Issuing Bank may, in
its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by
Affiliates of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term “Issuing Bank” shall
include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such
Affiliate.



“Issuing Bank
Agreement” has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.17(j).



“LC Commitment” means,
as to each Issuing Bank, the commitment of such Issuing Bank to issue Letters of
Credit pursuant to Section 2.17.



“LC Disbursement”
means a payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of
Credit.



“LC Exposure” means,
at any time, the sum of (i) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding
Letters of Credit at such time plus (ii) the aggregate amount of all LC
Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower
at such time.  The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its
Applicable Percentage of the total LC Exposure at such time.



“Lender” means the
Persons listed on Schedule 2.01 who are parties to this Agreement and any
other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to Sections 2.06(c)
or 2.08 or pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, other than any such Person
that shall have ceased to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and
Assumption or whose Commitment shall have been terminated pursuant to
Section 2.06(c) as a result of being a Declining Lender.




















8












“Letter of Credit”
means any letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement.



“Level I Period” means
any period during which any long-term Senior Unsecured Debt of the Borrower has
ratings that are better than or equal to at least two of the following three
ratings:  (i) A+ by S&P and/or (ii) A1 by Moody’s and/or
(iii) A+ by Fitch; provided that if
S&P or Moody’s or Fitch changes its rating system after the date hereof, the
new rating of such rating agency that most closely corresponds to the level
specified above for such rating agency shall be substituted for such
level.



“Level II Period”
means any period (other than a Level I Period) during which any long-term
Senior Unsecured Debt of the Borrower has ratings that are better than or equal
to at least two of the following three ratings:  (i) A by S&P
and/or (ii) A2 by Moody’s and/or (iii) A by Fitch; provided that if
S&P or Moody’s or Fitch changes its rating system after the date hereof, the
new rating of such rating agency that most closely corresponds to the level
specified above for such rating agency shall be substituted for such
level.



“Level III Period”
means any period (other than a Level I Period or a Level II Period) during
which any long-term Senior Unsecured Debt of the Borrower has ratings that are
better than or equal to at least two of the following three ratings: (i) A-
by S&P and/or (ii) A3 by Moody’s and/or (iii) A- by Fitch; provided that if
S&P or Moody’s or Fitch changes its rating system after the date hereof, the
new rating of such rating agency that most closely corresponds to the level
specified above for such rating agency shall be substituted for such
level.



“Level IV Period”
means any period (other than a Level I Period, Level II Period or Level III
Period) during which any long-term Senior Unsecured Debt of the Borrower has
ratings which are better than or equal to at least two of the following three
ratings: (i) BBB+ by S&P and/or (ii) Baa1 by Moody’s and/or
(iii) BBB+ by Fitch; provided that if
S&P or Moody’s or Fitch changes its rating system after the date hereof, the
new rating of such agency that most closely corresponds to the level specified
above for such rating agency shall be substituted for such level.



“Level V Period” means
any period (other than a Level I Period, Level II Period, Level III Period
or Level IV Period) during which any long-term Senior Unsecured Debt of the
Borrower has ratings which are better than or equal to at least two of the
following three ratings: (i) BBB by S&P and/or (ii) Baa2 by Moody’s
and/or (iii) BBB by Fitch; provided that if
S&P or Moody’s or Fitch changes its rating system after the date hereof, the
new rating of such agency that most closely corresponds to the level specified
above for such rating agency shall be substituted for such level.



“Level VI Period”
means any period (other than a Level I Period, Level II Period, Level III
Period, Level IV Period or Level V Period) during which any long-term Senior
Unsecured Debt of the Borrower has ratings which are better than or equal to at
least two of the following three ratings: (i) BBB- by S&P and/or
(ii) Baa3 by Moody’s and/or (iii) BBB- by Fitch; provided that if
S&P or Moody’s or Fitch changes its rating

























9




system
after the date hereof, the new rating of such agency that most closely
corresponds to the level specified above for such rating agency shall be
substituted for such level.



“Level VII Period”
means any period other than a Level I Period, Level II Period, Level III
Period, Level IV Period, Level V Period or Level VI Period.



“Leverage Ratio”
means, as of any date, the ratio of (a) Total Debt as of such date to (b)
Adjusted Consolidated Capitalization as of such date.



“LIBOR Auction” means
a solicitation of Money Market Quotes setting forth Money Market Margins based
on the London Interbank Offered Rate pursuant to Section 2.03.



“Lien” means, with
respect to any asset, any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation,
encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset.



“Loan” means a Base
Rate Loan, a Euro-Dollar Loan or a Money Market Loan and “Loans” means any
combination of the foregoing.



“London Interbank Offered
Rate” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.09(b).



“Material Subsidiary”
means a Consolidated Subsidiary of the Borrower that, as of the time of
determination of whether such Consolidated Subsidiary is a “Material
Subsidiary”, accounted on a consolidated basis for 10% or more of the total
assets of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries (i) as of December 31,
2007, and, thereafter, (ii) as of the most recent date for which a consolidated
balance sheet of the Borrower has been delivered to the Agent pursuant to
Section 5.01(a) or (b); provided that, for
purposes of Article VI, if any event or combination of events described in
Sections 6.01(g) and 6.01(h) occur with respect to any one or more
Consolidated Subsidiaries that are not Material Subsidiaries but in the
aggregate would constitute a Material Subsidiary if such Consolidated
Subsidiaries constituted a single Consolidated Subsidiary, then such
Consolidated Subsidiaries shall be deemed collectively to constitute a Material
Subsidiary for purposes of such Sections.



“Maturity Date” means
March 27, 2013, as such date may be extended pursuant to Section 2.06(c), or, if
such day is not a Euro-Dollar Business Day, the next preceding Euro-Dollar
Business Day.



“Money Market Absolute
Rate” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(d).



“Money Market Absolute Rate
Loan” means a loan made or to be made by a Lender pursuant to an Absolute
Rate Auction.



“Money Market Lending
Office” means, as to each Lender, its Domestic Lending Office or such
other office or branch of such Lender as it may hereafter designate as its Money
Market Lending Office by notice to the Borrower and the Agent;



























10


provided that any
Lender may from time to time by notice to the Borrower and the Agent designate
separate Money Market Lending Offices for its Money Market LIBOR Loans, on the
one hand, and its Money Market Absolute Rate Loans, on the other hand, in which
case all references herein to the Money Market Lending Office of such Lender
shall be deemed to refer to either or both of such offices, as the context may
require.



“Money Market LIBOR
Loan” means a loan made or to be made by a Lender pursuant to a LIBOR
Auction (including such a loan bearing interest at the Base Rate for the reason
stated in Section 8.01).



“Money Market Loan”
means a Money Market LIBOR Loan or a Money Market Absolute Rate
Loan.



“Money Market Margin”
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(d).



“Money Market Quote”
means an offer by a Lender to make a Money Market Loan in accordance with
Section 2.03.



“Money Market Quote
Request” means a request by the Borrower to the Lenders to make Money
Market Loans in accordance with Section 2.03(b).



“Moody’s” means
Moody’s Investors Service, Inc.



“Notes” means
promissory notes of the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto,
evidencing the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans, and “Note” means
any one of such promissory notes issued hereunder.



“Notice of Borrowing”
means a Notice of Committed Borrowing (as defined in Section 2.02) or a
Notice of Money Market Borrowing (as defined in Section 2.03(f)).



“Notice of Interest Rate
Election” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.11.



“Other Taxes” has the
meaning set forth in Section 8.04(a).



“Participant” has the
meaning set forth in Section 9.05(e).



“PBGC” means the
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any entity succeeding to any or all of
its functions under ERISA.



“Person” means an
individual, a corporation, a limited liability company, a partnership, an
association, a trust or any other entity or organization, including a government
or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.



“Plan” means at any
time an employee pension benefit plan which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or
subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Internal
Revenue Code and is either (i) maintained by a member of the



























11


ERISA
Group for employees of a member of the ERISA Group or (ii) maintained
pursuant to a collective bargaining agreement or any other arrangement under
which more than one employer makes contributions and to which a member of the
ERISA Group is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions or
has within the preceding five plan years made contributions.



“Prime Rate” means the
rate of interest publicly announced by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in New York
City from time to time as its Prime Rate.



“Quarterly Date” means
the last Domestic Business Day of each March, June, September and
December.



“Regulation U” means
Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in
effect from time to time.



“Reportable Event”
means any reportable event as defined in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the
regulations issued thereunder (other than a Reportable Event as to which the
30-day notice requirement has been waived by applicable regulation) with respect
to a Plan (other than a Plan maintained by a member of an applicable ERISA Group
that is considered a member of such ERISA Group only pursuant to
subsection (m) or (o) of Section 414 of the Internal Revenue
Code).



“Request Date” has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.06(c).



“Required Capital” has
the meaning set forth in Section 8.03(b).



“Required Lenders”
means at any time Lenders having at least 51% of the aggregate amount of the
outstanding Loans, LC Exposure and unused Commitments.



“Responsible Financial
Officer” means chief financial officer, treasurer, chief accounting
officer or senior corporate finance officer.



“Revolving Credit
Period” means the period from the Effective Date to and including the
Maturity Date.



“S&P” means
Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies,
Inc.



“Senior Unsecured
Debt” means indebtedness for borrowed money that is not subordinated to
any other indebtedness for borrowed money and is not secured or supported by a
guarantee, letter of credit or other form of credit enhancement.



“SFAS 158”
means  Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 158,
“Employers’ Accounting for
Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans, an amendment of FASB
Statements No. 87, 88, 106 and 132(R),” issued by the Financial
Accounting Standards Board of the Financial Accounting Foundation in September
2006, as amended by subsequent pronouncements, if applicable.






















12










“Subsidiary” means any
corporation or other entity of which securities or other ownership interests
having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or
other persons performing similar functions are at the time directly or
indirectly owned by the Borrower.



“Taxes” has the
meaning set forth in Section 8.04(a).



“Total Debt” means, as
of any date, the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of the Borrower and
its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of such date (whether or not such Indebtedness
would be reflected on a consolidated balance sheet prepared as of such date in
accordance with GAAP), determined on a consolidated basis.



“Trigger Event” has
the meaning set forth in Section 8.03(c).



“USA Patriot Act”
means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools
Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001.



“Usage” means at any
date the percentage equivalent of a fraction (a) the numerator of which is the
sum of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans (including Money
Market Loans) and the total LC Exposure at such date, and (b) the denominator of
which is the aggregate amount of the Commitments at such date, after giving
effect to any reduction or increase in the Commitments on such
date.



SECTION
1.02. Accounting Terms and
Determinations.  Unless otherwise specified herein, all
accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted, all accounting determinations
hereunder shall be made and all financial statements required to be delivered
hereunder shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP as in effect from time to
time, applied on a basis consistent (except for changes concurred in by the
Borrower’s independent public accountants) with the most recent audited
consolidated financial statements of the Borrower delivered to the Lenders;
provided that,
if the Borrower notifies the Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to
any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the
date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such
provision (or if the Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders
request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of
whether any such notice is given before or after such change in  GAAP
or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the
basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change in GAAP
shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such
provision amended in accordance herewith.



SECTION
1.03. Classifications of
Borrowings.  Borrowings are classified for purposes of this
Agreement either by reference to the pricing of Loans comprising such Borrowing
(e.g., a
“Euro-Dollar Borrowing” is a Borrowing comprised of Euro-Dollar Loans) or by
reference to the provisions of Article II under which participation therein
is determined (i.e., a “Committed
Borrowing” is a Borrowing under Section 2.01 in which all Lenders
participate in proportion to their Commitments, while a

























13




“Money
Market Borrowing” is a Borrowing under Section 2.03 in which the Lender
participants are determined on the basis of their bids).



ARTICLE
II




The
Credits



SECTION
2.01. Commitments to
Lend.  On the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement,
each Lender severally agrees to lend to the Borrower, from time to time during
the Revolving Credit Period, amounts not to exceed in the aggregate at any one
time outstanding (together with its LC Exposure) the amount of such Lender’s
Commitment.  Each Borrowing under this Section 2.01 shall be in
an aggregate principal amount of $15,000,000 or any larger multiple of
$1,000,000 (except that any such Borrowing may be in the aggregate amount of the
unused Commitments or any lesser aggregate amount required to finance the
reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.17(e)) and
shall be made from the several Lenders ratably in proportion to their respective
Commitments.  Within the foregoing limits, the Borrower may borrow
under this Section, repay, or to the extent permitted by Section 2.12,
prepay Loans and reborrow at any time during the Revolving Credit Period under
this Section.  Failure by any Lender to make Loans as required under
the terms of this Agreement will not relieve any other Lender of its obligations
hereunder.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Money Market Loans made
by a Lender shall be deemed Usage of the total Commitments for the purpose of
availability, but shall not reduce such Lender’s obligation to lend its pro rata
share of the total Commitments.



SECTION
2.02. Notice of Committed
Borrowings.  The Borrower shall give the Agent notice (a “Notice of Committed
Borrowing”) not later than 10:30 A.M. (New York City time) on (x) the
date of each Base Rate Borrowing and (y) the third Euro-Dollar Business Day
before each Euro-Dollar Borrowing, specifying:



(a) the date
of such Borrowing, which shall be a Domestic Business Day in the case of a Base
Rate Borrowing and a Euro-Dollar Business Day in the case of a Euro-Dollar
Borrowing,



(b) the
aggregate amount of such Borrowing,



(c) whether
the Loans comprising such Borrowing are to be Base Rate Loans or Euro-Dollar
Loans, and



(d) in the
case of a Euro-Dollar Borrowing, the duration of the initial Interest Period
applicable thereto, subject to the provisions of the definition of Interest
Period.



SECTION
2.03. Money Market
Borrowings.  (a)  The Money Market
Option.  In addition to Committed Loans pursuant to Section
2.01, the Borrower may, as set forth in this Section, request the Lenders from
time to time during the Revolving Credit Period to make offers to make Money
Market Loans to the Borrower.  The Lenders may, but shall have no
obligation to, make such offers and the Borrower may,



























14


but shall
have no obligation to, accept any such offers in the manner set forth in this
Section.



(b) Money Market Quote
Request.  When the Borrower wishes to request offers to make
Money Market Loans under this Section, it shall transmit to the Agent by
facsimile transmission a Money Market Quote Request substantially in the form of
Exhibit B hereto so as to be received no later than 10:00 A.M. (New York City
time) on (x) the fourth Euro-Dollar Business Day prior to the date of Borrowing
proposed therein, in the case of a LIBOR Auction or (y) the Domestic Business
Day next preceding the date of Borrowing proposed therein, in the case of an
Absolute Rate Auction (or, in either case, such other time or date as the
Borrower and the Agent shall have mutually agreed upon and shall have notified
to the Lenders not later than the date of the Money Market Quote Request for the
first LIBOR Auction or Absolute Rate Auction for which such change is to be
effective) specifying:



(i) the
proposed date of Borrowing, which shall be a Euro-Dollar Business Day in the
case of a LIBOR Auction or a Domestic Business Day in the case of an Absolute
Rate Auction,



(ii) the
aggregate amount of such Borrowing, which shall be $15,000,000 or a larger
multiple of $1,000,000,



(iii) the
duration of the Interest Period applicable thereto, subject to the provisions of
the definition of Interest Period, and



(iv) whether
the Money Market Quotes requested are to set forth a Money Market Margin or a
Money Market Absolute Rate.



The
Borrower may request offers to make Money Market Loans for more than one
Interest Period in a single Money Market Quote Request.  No Money
Market Quote Request shall be given within five Euro-Dollar Business Days (or
following notice to each of the Lenders, such other number of days as the
Borrower and the Agent may agree upon) of any other Money Market Quote
Request.



(c) Invitation for Money Market
Quotes.  Promptly upon receipt of a Money Market Quote Request,
the Agent shall send to the Lenders by facsimile transmission an Invitation for
Money Market Quotes substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, which shall
constitute an invitation by the Borrower to each Lender to submit Money Market
Quotes offering to make the Money Market Loans to which such Money Market Quote
Request relates in accordance with this Section.



(d) Submission and Contents of
Money Market Quotes.  (i) Each Lender may submit a Money Market
Quote containing an offer or offers to make Money Market Loans in response to
any Invitation for Money Market Quotes.  Each Money Market Quote must
comply with the requirements of this Section 2.03(d) and must be submitted
to the Agent by facsimile transmission at its offices specified in or pursuant
to Section 9.01 not later than (x) 9:30 A.M. (New York City time) on the third
Euro-Dollar Business Day prior to the proposed date of Borrowing, in the case of
a LIBOR Auction, or (y) 9:30



























15


A.M. (New
York City time) on the proposed date of Borrowing, in the case of an Absolute
Rate Auction (or, in either case, such other time or date as the Borrower and
the Agent shall have mutually agreed and shall have notified to the Lenders not
later than the date of the Money Market Quote Request for the first LIBOR
Auction or Absolute Rate Auction for which such change is to be effective);
provided that
Money Market Quotes submitted by the Agent (or any Affiliate of the Agent) in
the capacity of a Lender may be submitted, and may only be submitted, if the
Agent or such Affiliate notifies the Borrower of the terms of the offer or
offers contained therein not later than (x) 9:15 A.M. (New York City time) on
the third Euro-Dollar Business Day prior to the proposed date of Borrowing, in
the case of a LIBOR Auction or (y) 9:15 A.M. (New York City time) on the
proposed date of Borrowing, in the case of an Absolute Rate
Auction.  Subject to Articles III and VI, any Money Market Quote so
made shall be irrevocable except with the written consent of the Agent given on
the instructions of the Borrower.



(ii) Each
Money Market Quote shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit D hereto and
shall in any case specify:



(A) the
proposed date of Borrowing,



(B) the
principal amount of the Money Market Loan for which each such offer is being
made, which principal amount (x) may be greater than or less than the Commitment
of the quoting Lender, (y) must be $15,000,000 or a larger multiple of
$1,000,000 and (z) may not exceed the principal amount of Money Market Loans for
which offers were requested,



(C) in the
case of a LIBOR Auction, the margin above or below the applicable London
Interbank Offered Rate (the “Money Market Margin”)
offered for each such Money Market Loan, expressed as a percentage (rounded to
the nearest 1/10,000th of 1%) to be added to or subtracted from such base
rate,



(D) in the
case of an Absolute Rate Auction, the rate of interest per annum (rounded to the
nearest 1/10,000th of 1%) (the “Money Market Absolute
Rate”) offered for each such Money Market Loan, and



(E) the
identity of the quoting Lender.



A Money
Market Quote may set forth up to five separate offers by the quoting Lender with
respect to each Interest Period specified in the related Invitation for Money
Market Quotes.



(iii) Any Money
Market Quote shall be disregarded if it:



(A) is not
substantially in conformity with Exhibit D hereto or does not specify all of the
information required by Section 2.03(d)(ii);



(B) contains
qualifying, conditional or similar language;



























16







(C) proposes
terms other than or in addition to those set forth in the applicable Invitation
for Money Market Quotes; or



(D) arrives
after the time set forth in Section 2.03(d)(i).



(e) Notice to
Borrower.  The Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower of the
terms (x) of any Money Market Quote submitted by a Lender that is in accordance
with Section 2.03(d) and (y) of any Money Market Quote that amends,
modifies or is otherwise inconsistent with a previous Money Market Quote
submitted by such Lender with respect to the same Money Market Quote
Request.  Any such subsequent Money Market Quote shall be disregarded
by the Agent unless such subsequent Money Market Quote is submitted solely to
correct a manifest error in such former Money Market Quote.  The
Agent’s notice to the Borrower shall specify (A) the aggregate principal amount
of Money Market Loans for which offers have been received for each Interest
Period specified in the related Money Market Quote Request, (B) the respective
principal amounts and Money Market Margins or Money Market Absolute Rates, as
the case may be, so offered (including the names of the Lenders) and (C) if
applicable, limitations on the aggregate principal amount of Money Market Loans
for which offers in any single Money Market Quote for any Interest Period may be
accepted.



(f) Acceptance and Notice by
Borrower.  Not later than 10:30 A.M. (New York City time) on
(x) the third Euro-Dollar Business Day prior to the proposed date of Borrowing,
in the case of a LIBOR Auction or (y) the proposed date of Borrowing, in the
case of an Absolute Rate Auction (or, in either case, such other time or date as
the Borrower and the Agent shall have mutually agreed upon and shall have
notified to the Lenders not later than the date of the Money Market Quote
Request for the first LIBOR Auction or Absolute Rate Auction for which such
change is to be effective), the Borrower shall notify the Agent of its
acceptance or non-acceptance of the offers so notified to it pursuant to
Section 2.03(e).  In the case of acceptance, such notice (a
“Notice of Money
Market Borrowing”) shall specify the aggregate principal amount of offers
for each Interest Period that are accepted.  The Borrower may accept
any Money Market Quote for any Interest Period in whole or in part; provided
that:



(i) the
aggregate principal amount of each Money Market Borrowing may not exceed the
applicable amount set forth in the related Money Market Quote
Request,



(ii) the
principal amount of each Money Market Borrowing must be $15,000,000 or a larger
multiple of $1,000,000,



(iii) acceptance
of offers may only be made on the basis of ascending Money Market Margins or
Money Market Absolute Rates, as the case may be, and



(iv) the
Borrower may not accept any offer that is described in
Section 2.03(d)(iii) or that otherwise fails to comply with the
requirements of this Agreement.



























17





(g) Allocation by
Agent.  If offers are made by two or more Lenders with the same
Money Market Margins or Money Market Absolute Rates, as the case may be, for a
greater aggregate principal amount than the amount in respect of which such
offers are accepted for the related Interest Period, the principal amount of
Money Market Loans in respect of which such offers are accepted shall be
allocated by the Agent among such Lenders as nearly as possible (in multiples of
such number, not greater than $1,000,000 as the Agent may deem appropriate) in
proportion to the aggregate principal amounts of such
offers.  Determinations by the Agent of the pro rata amounts of Money
Market Loans shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error.



(h) Certain
Conditions.  If the Maturity Date shall have been extended
pursuant to Section 2.06(c), no Money Market Borrowing shall be requested
or made hereunder if, after giving effect thereto, the sum of the LC Exposure
attributable to Letters of Credit expiring after any Existing Maturity Date and
the aggregate principal amount of all Money Market Loans maturing after such
Existing Maturity Date would exceed the aggregate Commitments that have been
extended to a date after the latest expiration date of such Letters of Credit
and the latest maturity of such Money Market Loans.



SECTION
2.04. Notice to Lenders; Funding
of Loans.  (a)  Upon receipt of a Notice of
Borrowing, the Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the contents thereof
and of such Lender’s share (if any) of such Borrowing and such Notice of
Borrowing shall not thereafter be revocable by the Borrower.



(b) Not later
than 12:00 Noon (New York City time) on the date of each Borrowing, each Lender
participating therein shall make available its share of such Borrowing, in
Federal or other funds immediately available in New York City, to the Agent at
its address specified in or pursuant to Section 9.01.  Unless the
Agent determines that any applicable condition specified in Article III has
not been satisfied, the Agent will make the funds so received from the Lenders
available to the Borrower at the Agent’s aforesaid address; provided that Base
Rate Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided
in Section 2.17(e) shall be remitted by the Agent to the applicable Issuing
Bank.



(c) Unless
the Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the date of any
Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Agent such Lender’s
share of such Borrowing, the Agent may assume that such Lender has made such
share available to the Agent on the date of such Borrowing in accordance with
Section 2.04(b) and the Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make
available to the Borrower on such date a corresponding amount.  If and
to the extent that such Lender shall not have so made such share available to
the Agent, such Lender and the Borrower severally agree to repay to the Agent
forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together with interest thereon,
for each day from the date such amount is made available to the Borrower until
the date such amount is repaid to the Agent, at (i) in the case of the
Borrower, a rate per annum equal to the higher of the Federal Funds Rate and the
interest rate applicable thereto pursuant to Section 2.09 and (ii) in
the case of such Lender, the Federal Funds Rate.  If such Lender shall
repay to the Agent such corresponding amount,



























18


such
amount so repaid shall constitute such Lender’s Loan included in such Borrowing
for purposes of this Agreement.



SECTION
2.05. Evidence of
Debt.   (a)  Each Lender shall maintain in
accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the
indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by
such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to
such Lender from time to time hereunder.



(b) The Agent
shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the Commitment of each
Lender and the amount of each Loan made hereunder by such Lender, (ii) the
amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable
from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum
received by the Agent hereunder for the accounts of the Lenders and each
Lender’s share thereof.



(c) The
entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.05(b) shall
be evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein and
shall be presumptively correct absent demonstrable error; provided that the
failure of the Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in
any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.



(d) Any
Lender may request in writing that Loans made by it be evidenced by a
Note.  In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver
to such Lender a Note payable to the order of such Lender in the form of Exhibit
A.  Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such Note and interest thereon
shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.05) be
represented by one or more Notes in such form payable to the order of the payee
named therein.



(e) Each
Lender agrees that it will cancel and return to the Borrower all Notes then held
by it upon the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date; provided that no
Default shall have then occurred and be continuing or (ii) the date such
Lender’s Commitment has been terminated and there are no Loans outstanding to or
accrued interest owing to such Lender.



SECTION
2.06. Maturity of
Loans.  (a)  The Committed Loans of each Lender shall
mature, and the principal amount thereof shall be due and payable, together with
accrued interest thereon, on the Maturity Date.



(b) Each
Money Market Loan shall mature, and the principal amount thereof shall be due
and payable, together with accrued interest thereon, on the last day of the
Interest Period applicable to such Money Market Loan.



(c) The
Borrower may, by written notice to the Agent (which shall promptly deliver a
copy to each of the Lenders) not less than 45 days and not more than
90 days prior to any anniversary of the date hereof, request that the
Lenders extend the Maturity Date and the Commitments for an additional period of
one year (the date of any





























19


such
request being called the “Request
Date”).  Each Lender shall, by notice to the Borrower and the
Agent given not later than the 20th day after the date of the Agent’s receipt of
the Borrower’s extension request, advise the Borrower whether or not it agrees
to the requested extension (each Lender agreeing to a requested extension being
called a “Consenting
Lender” and each Lender declining to agree to a requested extension being
called a “Declining
Lender”).  Any Lender that has not so advised the Borrower and
the Agent by such day shall be deemed to have declined to agree to such
extension and shall be a Declining Lender.  If Lenders constituting
the Required Lenders shall have agreed to an extension request, then the
Maturity Date shall, as to the Consenting Lenders, be extended to the first
anniversary of the Maturity Date theretofore in effect.  The decision
to agree or withhold agreement to any Maturity Date extension shall be at the
sole discretion of each Lender.  The Commitment of any Declining
Lender shall terminate on the Maturity Date for such Lender in effect
immediately prior to giving effect to any such extension (such Maturity Date
being called the “Existing Maturity
Date”).  The principal amount of any outstanding Loans made by
Declining Lenders, together with any accrued interest thereon and any accrued
fees and other amounts payable to or for the accounts of such Declining Lenders
hereunder, shall be due and payable on the Existing Maturity Date, and on the
Existing Maturity Date, the Borrower shall also make such other prepayments of
Loans as shall be required in order that, after giving effect to the termination
of the Commitments of, and all payments to, Declining Lenders pursuant to this
sentence, the sum of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans
plus the LC Exposure shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments
that shall have been extended beyond the Existing Maturity
Date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section, the
Borrower shall have the right, pursuant to Section 8.06, at any time prior
to the Existing Maturity Date, to replace a Declining Lender with one or more
Lenders or other financial institutions that will agree to a request for the
extension of the Maturity Date, and any such replacement Lender shall for all
purposes constitute a Consenting Lender.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to this Section shall
become effective unless (i) on or prior to the anniversary of the date
hereof that immediately follows the Request Date (such date, the “Extension Date”), the
Agent shall have received documents consistent with those delivered with respect
to the Borrower under Subsections (b), (c) and (d) of Section 3.01, giving
effect to such extension and (ii) on the Extension Date the condition set
forth in Section 3.01(e) shall be satisfied (with all references in such Section
to the Effective Date being deemed to be references to the Extension Date;
provided, however, that, solely for purposes of this sentence, the date in
Section 4.04(b) shall be deemed to be December 31 of the year for which the
Borrower shall most recently have filed an Annual Report on Form 10-K with the
Securities and Exchange Commission prior to the Request Date, and provided
further, that solely for purposes of this sentence, clause (b) of the definition
of “Disclosure Documents” shall be deemed to refer to the Borrower’s most
recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K prior to the Request Date and to the
Borrower’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed for all the quarterly periods,
if any, beginning on or after the end of the annual period covered by said
Annual Report and ending on or before the Request Date, and clause (c) of such
definition shall be deemed to refer to the Borrower’s Current Reports on Form
8-K, if any, filed or furnished prior to the Request Date).



























20





SECTION
2.07. Termination or Reduction of
Commitments.  (a)  The Commitments of each Lender
shall terminate on the Maturity Date.



(b) During
the Revolving Credit Period the Borrower may, upon at least three Domestic
Business Days’ notice to the Agent, terminate the Commitments at any time, if no
Loans are outstanding at such time and there is no LC Exposure at such
time.



(c) During
the Revolving Credit Period the Borrower may, upon at least three Domestic
Business Days’ notice to the Agent, ratably reduce the Commitments from time to
time by an aggregate amount of $15,000,000 or any larger multiple of $1,000,000,
but only to the extent that the aggregate amount of the Commitments exceeds the
sum of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans plus the LC
Exposure.



SECTION
2.08. Increase in
Commitments.  (a)  During the Revolving Credit
Period, the Borrower may on one or more occasions, by written notice to the
Agent (which shall promptly deliver a copy to each of the Lenders), executed by
the Borrower and one or more financial institutions (any such financial
institution referred to in this Section being called an “Augmenting Lender”),
which may include any Lender, cause Commitments to be made available by the
Augmenting Lenders (or cause the Commitments of the Augmenting Lenders to be
increased, as the case may be) in an amount for each Augmenting Lender set forth
in such notice; provided that (i) the
aggregate amount of all such increases pursuant to this Section shall not exceed
$500,000,000, (ii) each Augmenting Lender, if not already a Lender hereunder,
shall be subject to the approval of the Agent (which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld) and (iii) each Augmenting Lender, if not already a Lender
hereunder, shall become a party to this Agreement by completing and delivering
to the Agent a duly executed accession agreement in a form satisfactory to the
Agent and the Borrower.  Any such notice shall set forth the amount of
the requested increase in the total Commitments (which shall be the lesser of
(x) a minimum aggregate amount of $20,000,0000 or any larger multiple of
$5,000,000 or (y) the remaining aggregate allowance for such increases) and the
date on which such increase is requested to become
effective.  Increases and new Commitments created pursuant to this
Section 2.08(a) shall become effective on the date specified in the notice
delivered by the Borrower pursuant to the first sentence of this
Section 2.08(a).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, no increase in
the total Commitments (or in the Commitment of any Lender) shall become
effective under this Section 2.08(a) unless, (i) on the date of such
increase, the conditions set forth in Sections 3.02(b) and 3.02(d) (without
giving effect to the parenthetical in Section 3.02(d)) shall be satisfied (as
though a Borrowing were being made on such date) and the Agent shall have
received a certificate to that effect dated such date and executed by a
Responsible Financial Officer of the Borrower, and (ii) the Agent shall
have received (to the extent requested by the Agent reasonably in advance of
such date) documents consistent with those delivered under Sections 3.01(c)
and 3.01(d) as to the corporate power and authority of the Borrower to borrow
hereunder and as to the enforceability of this Agreement after giving effect to
such increase.




















21





(b) At the
time that any increase in the total Commitments pursuant to Section 2.08(a)
(a “Commitment
Increase”) becomes effective, if any Committed Loans are outstanding, the
Borrower shall prepay in accordance with Section 2.12 the aggregate principal
amount of all Committed Loans outstanding (the “Initial Loans”);
provided that
(i) nothing in this Section shall prevent the Borrower from funding the
prepayment of Initial Loans with concurrent Borrowings hereunder in accordance
with the provisions of this Agreement, giving effect to the Commitment Increase,
and (ii) no such prepayment shall be required to the extent that, after giving
effect to the Commitment Increase, each Lender has the same Applicable
Percentage as immediately prior to such Commitment Increase.



(c) At the
time that any Commitment Increase becomes effective, if any Letters of Credit
issued hereunder remain outstanding, each Lender’s participation in such Letters
of Credit will be adjusted in accordance with such Lender’s Applicable
Percentage, after giving effect to such Commitment Increase.



SECTION
2.09. Interest
Rates.  (a)  Each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest
on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for each day from the date such
Loan is made until it becomes due, at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate
for such day.  Such interest shall be payable for each Interest Period
on the earlier of (i) the last day of the Interest Period applicable
thereto or (ii) the Maturity Date.  Any overdue principal of and,
to the extent permitted by law, overdue interest on any Base Rate Loan shall
bear interest, payable on demand, for each day until paid at a rate per annum
equal to the sum of 2% plus the Base Rate for such day.



(b) Each
Euro-Dollar Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount
thereof, for each Interest Period applicable thereto, at a rate per annum equal
to the sum of the Euro-Dollar Margin plus the applicable London Interbank
Offered Rate.  Such interest shall be payable for each Interest Period
on the earlier of (i) the last day thereof, (ii) three months after
the initial date thereof and, if such Interest Period is longer than three
months, at intervals of three months thereafter or (iii) the Maturity
Date.



The
“Euro-Dollar
Margin” applicable to any Euro-Dollar Loan outstanding on any day
means:



(A)  if
Usage on such day is less than or equal to 50%:



(i) if such
day falls within a Level I Period, then 0.105%;



(ii) if such
day falls within a Level II Period, then 0.150%;



(iii) if such
day falls within a Level III Period, then 0.190%;



(iv) if such
day falls within a Level IV Period, then 0.270%;



(v) if such
day falls within a Level V Period, then 0.350%;



(vi) if such
day falls within a Level VI Period, then 0.425%; and



























22





(vii) if such
day falls within a Level VII Period, then 0.450%; and





(B)


if
Usage on such day is greater than
50%:








(i) if such
day falls within a Level I Period, then 0.155%;



(ii) if such
day falls within a Level II Period, then 0.200%;



(iii) if such
day falls within a Level III Period, then 0.240%;



(iv) if such
day falls within a Level IV Period, then 0.320%;



(v) if such
day falls within a Level V Period, then 0.400%;



(vi) if such
day falls within a Level VI Period, then 0.500%; and



(vii) if such
day falls within a Level VII Period, then 0.575%.



The
“London Interbank
Offered Rate” applicable to any Interest Period means the rate per annum
(rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 1/100 of 1%) appearing on the
Reuters “LIBOR01” screen (or any successor page) as the London interbank offered
rate for deposits in Dollars at 11:00 A.M. (London time) two Euro-Dollar
Business Days before the first day of such Interest Period for a period equal to
such Interest Period; provided that, if for
any reason such rate is not available, the term “London Interbank Offered
Rate” applicable to any Interest Period shall mean the rate per annum
(rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 1/100 of 1%) as offered by the
principal London office of the Agent in immediately available funds in the
London interbank market for deposits in Dollars at approximately 11:00 A.M.
(London time) two Euro-Dollar Business Days before the first day of such
Interest Period for a period equal to such Interest Period.



(c) Any
overdue principal of and, to the extent permitted by law, overdue interest on
any Euro-Dollar Loan shall bear interest, payable on demand, for each day from
and including the date payment thereof was due to but excluding the date of
actual payment, at a rate per annum equal to the sum of 2% plus the Euro-Dollar
Margin plus the higher of (i) the London Interbank Offered Rate applicable
to such Loan and (ii) the average (rounded upward, if necessary, to the next
higher 1/100 of 1%) of the respective rates per annum at which one day (or, if
such amount due remains unpaid more than three Euro-Dollar Business Days, then
for such other period of time not longer than three months as the Agent may
select) deposits in dollars in an amount approximately equal to such overdue
payment due to the Agent are offered to the Agent in the London interbank market
for the applicable period determined as provided above (or, if the circumstances
described in Section 8.01 shall exist, at a rate per annum equal to the sum of
2% plus the Base Rate for such day).



(d) Subject
to clause (y) of Section 8.01, each Money Market LIBOR Loan shall bear
interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for the Interest Period
applicable thereto, at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the London
Interbank



























23


Offered
Rate for such Interest Period plus (or minus) the Money Market Margin quoted by
the Lender making such Loan in accordance with
Section 2.03.  Each Money Market Absolute Rate Loan shall bear
interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for the Interest Period
applicable thereto, at a rate per annum equal to the Money Market Absolute Rate
quoted by the Lender making such Loan in accordance with
Section 2.03.  Such interest shall be payable for each Interest
Period on the earlier of (i) the last day thereof, (ii) three months
after the initial date thereof and, if such Interest Period is longer than three
months, at intervals of three months thereafter or (iii) the Maturity
Date.  Any overdue principal of and, to the extent permitted by law,
overdue interest on any Money Market Loan shall bear interest, payable on
demand, for each day until paid at a rate per annum equal to the sum of 2% plus
the Base Rate for such day.



(e) The Agent
shall determine (in accordance with this Agreement) each interest rate
applicable to the Loans hereunder.  The Agent shall give prompt notice
to the Borrower by facsimile transmission and the participating Lenders by
facsimile transmission of each rate of interest so determined, and its
determination thereof shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest
error.



SECTION
2.10. Fees.  (a)  Facility
Fee.  The Borrower shall pay to the Agent for the account of
the Lenders, ratably in proportion to their Commitments (or, if the Commitments
have terminated, ratably in proportion to their outstanding Loans and LC
Exposure), a facility fee at the rate of (i) 0.045% per annum during each
Level I Period, (ii) 0.050% per annum during each Level II
Period, (iii) 0.060% per annum during each Level III Period,
(iv) 0.080% per annum during each Level IV Period, (v) 0.100% per
annum during each Level V Period, (vi) 0.125% per annum during each Level
VI Period and (vii) 0.175% per annum during each Level VII
Period.  Such facility fee shall accrue (i) from and including
the Effective Date to but excluding the last day of the Revolving Credit Period,
in each case, on the daily average aggregate amount of the Commitments (whether
used or unused) and (ii) if any Loan or LC Exposure remains outstanding
after the Revolving Credit Period (or if any Loan or LC Exposure of any Lender
remains outstanding after such Lender’s Commitment shall have terminated), from
and including the last day of the Revolving Credit Period (or the termination of
such Commitment) to but excluding the date such Loans shall be repaid in full,
on the daily average aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Loans and LC
Exposure.



(b) Letter of Credit and
Fronting Fees.  The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Agent for
the account of each Lender a letter of credit fee with respect to its
participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at the Euro-Dollar
Margin used to determine the interest rate applicable to Euro-Dollar Loans (and
solely for purposes of determining the applicable Euro-Dollar Margin used in
computing Letter of Credit participation fees Usage shall be deemed to be
greater than 50%) on the average daily amount of such Lender’s LC Exposure
(excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements)
during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the
later of the date on which such Lender’s Commitment terminates and the date on
which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure, and (ii) to each Issuing Bank
a fronting fee, which shall accrue at the rate or rates per annum separately
agreed upon between the Borrower and the applicable Issuing Bank on
the



























24


average
daily amount of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to
unreimbursed LC Disbursements) attributable to Letters of Credit issued by such
Issuing Bank during the period from and including the Effective Date to but
excluding the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date
on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as well as such Issuing Bank’s
standard fees with respect to the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of
any Letter of Credit by such Issuing Bank or the processing of drawings
thereunder.



(c) Payments.  Except
as otherwise indicated, accrued facility fees, letter of credit fees and
fronting fees under this Section 2.10 shall be payable quarterly in arrears
on (i) each Quarterly Date, (ii) the Maturity Date and (iii) if
any Loans or LC Exposure remains outstanding after the Revolving Credit Period,
the date such Loans shall be repaid in full and such LC Exposure ceases to
exist.  Any other fees payable to any Issuing Bank pursuant to this
Section shall be payable within 10 days after demand.



SECTION
2.11. Method of Electing Interest
Rates.  (a)  The Loans included in each Committed
Borrowing shall bear interest initially at the type of rate specified by the
Borrower in the applicable Notice of Committed Borrowing.  Thereafter,
the Borrower may from time to time elect to change or continue the type of
interest rate borne by each Group of Loans (subject in each case to the
provisions of Article VIII), as follows:



(i) if such
Loans are Base Rate Loans, the Borrower may elect to convert such Loans to
Euro-Dollar Loans as of any Euro-Dollar Business Day; and



(ii) if such
Loans are Euro-Dollar Loans, the Borrower may (x) elect to convert such
Euro-Dollar Loans to Base Rate Loans as of any Domestic Business Day, (y) elect
to convert such Euro-Dollar Loans to Euro-Dollar Loans with an Interest Period
different from the then current Interest Period applicable to such Loans as of
any Euro-Dollar Business Day or (z) elect to continue such Loans as Euro-Dollar
Loans for an additional Interest Period beginning on the last day of the then
current Interest Period applicable to such Loans;



provided that, if the
Borrower elects to convert any Euro-Dollar Loans to Base Rate Loans or to
Euro-Dollar Loans with a different Interest Period, as of any day other than the
last day of the then current Interest Period applicable to such Loans, the
Borrower shall reimburse each Lender in accordance with
Section 2.14.



Each such
election shall be made by delivering a notice (a “Notice of Interest Rate
Election”) to the Agent (i) at least one Domestic Business Day
before such notice is to be effective if the relevant Loans are to be converted
into Base Rate Loans or (ii) at least three Euro-Dollar Business Days
before such conversion or continuation is to be effective if such Loans are to
be converted into, or continued as, Euro-Dollar Loans.



























25


A Notice
of Interest Rate Election may, if it so specifies, apply to only a portion of
the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Group of Loans; provided that
(i) such portion is allocated ratably among the Loans comprising such Group
and (ii) the portion to which such Notice applies, and the remaining
portion to which it does not apply, are each $15,000,000 or any larger multiple
of $1,000,000.



(b) Each
Notice of Interest Rate Election shall specify:



(i) the Group
of Loans (or portion thereof) to which such notice applies;



(ii) the date
on which the conversion or continuation selected in such notice is to be
effective, which shall comply with the applicable clause of Section
2.11(a);



(iii) whether
such Group of Loans (or portion thereof) is to be converted to Base Rate Loans
or Euro-Dollar Loans or continued as Euro-Dollar Loans for an additional
Interest Period; and



(iv) if such
Loans (or portions thereof) are to be converted to or continued as Euro-Dollar
Loans, the duration of the Interest Period to be applicable thereto immediately
after such conversion or continuation.



Each
Interest Period specified in a Notice of Interest Rate Election shall comply
with the provisions of the definition of Interest Period.



(c) Upon
receipt of a Notice of Interest Rate Election from the Borrower pursuant to
Section 2.11(a), the Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the
contents thereof and such notice shall not thereafter be revocable by the
Borrower.  If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Notice of
Interest Rate Election to the Agent for any Euro-Dollar Loans, such Loans shall
be converted into Base Rate Loans on the last day of the then current Interest
Period applicable thereto.



SECTION
2.12. Prepayments.  (a)  The
Borrower may (i) upon notice to the Agent to be received no later than
10:30 A.M. (New York City time), prepay the Base Rate Loans (or any Money Market
LIBOR Loans which bear interest at the Base Rate at such time for the reason
stated in Section 8.01), in whole or in part, on any Domestic Business Day
and (ii) upon at least two Euro-Dollar Business Days’ notice to the Agent,
prepay any Euro-Dollar Loan, in whole or in part, in amounts aggregating
$15,000,000 or any larger multiple of $1,000,000, by paying the principal amount
to be prepaid together with accrued interest thereon to the date of prepayment;
provided that a
Money Market Loan may not be prepaid without the prior written consent of the
Lender that holds such Money Market Loan, other than as contemplated by clause
(i) above.  Each such optional prepayment shall be applied to prepay
ratably the relevant Loans of the several Lenders.  Prepayment of a
Euro-Dollar Loan on any day other than the last day of an Interest Period
applicable thereto shall be subject to Section 2.14.



























26





(b) Upon
receipt of a notice of prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.12, the Agent
shall promptly notify each Lender of the contents thereof and of such Lender’s
ratable share (if any) of such prepayment and such notice shall not thereafter
be revocable by the Borrower.



SECTION
2.13. General Provisions as to
Payments.  (a)  The Borrower shall make each payment
of principal of, and interest on, the Loans, fees and reimbursements of LC
Disbursements hereunder, not later than 12:00 Noon (New York City
time) on the date when due, in Federal or other funds immediately available in
New York City, to the Agent at its address referred to in its
Administrative Questionnaire (or to an Issuing Bank, in the case of payments to
be made directly to an Issuing Bank as expressly provided herein), without
set-off or counterclaim.  The Agent will promptly distribute to each
Lender its ratable share of each such payment received by the Agent for the
account of the Lenders, or to each applicable Issuing Bank in the case of
payments for the account of one or more of the Issuing
Banks.  Whenever any payment of principal of, or interest on, any Base
Rate Loans or fees shall be due on a day which is not a Domestic Business Day,
the date for payment thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Domestic
Business Day.  Whenever any payment of principal of, or interest on,
the Euro-Dollar Loans and Money Market LIBOR Loans shall be due on a day which
is not a Euro-Dollar Business Day, the date for payment thereof shall be
extended to the next succeeding Euro-Dollar Business Day unless such Euro-Dollar
Business Day falls in another calendar month or falls after the Maturity Date,
in which case the date for payment thereof shall be the next preceding
Euro-Dollar Business Day.  Whenever any payment of principal of, or
interest on, the Money Market Absolute Rate Loans shall be due on a day which is
not a Euro-Dollar Business Day, the date for payment thereof shall be extended
to the next succeeding Euro-Dollar Business Day.  If the date for any
payment of principal is extended by operation of law or otherwise, interest
thereon shall be payable for such extended time.



(b) Unless
the Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on
which any payment is due to the Lenders or one or more Issuing Banks hereunder
that the Borrower will not make such payment in full, the Agent may assume that
the Borrower has made such payment in full to the Agent on such date and the
Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, cause to be distributed to each
Lender or each applicable Issuing Bank, as the case may be, on such due date an
amount equal to the amount then due such Lender or such Issuing
Bank.  If and to the extent that the Borrower shall not have so made
such payment, each Lender or each applicable Issuing Bank, as the case may be,
shall repay to the Agent forthwith on demand such amount distributed to such
Lender or such Issuing Bank together with interest thereon, for each day from
the date such amount is distributed to such Lender or such Issuing Bank until
the date such Lender or such Issuing Bank repays such amount to the Agent, at
the Federal Funds Rate.



(c) If any
Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise,
obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or
participations in LC Disbursements resulting in such Lender receiving payment of
a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and participations in
LC



























27


Disbursements
and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender,
then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at
face value) participations in the Loans and participations in LC Disbursements
of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such
payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate
amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and
participations in LC Disbursements; provided that (i) if
any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment
giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the
purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and
(ii) the provisions of this Section 2.13(c) shall not be construed to apply to
any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express
terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for
the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or
participations in LC Disbursements to any assignee or participant, other than to
the Borrower or any Subsidiary (as to which the provisions of this
Section 2.13(c) shall apply).  The Borrower consents to the
foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable
law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing
arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and
counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were
a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such
participation.



SECTION
2.14. Funding
Losses.  If the Borrower makes any payment of principal with
respect to any Fixed Rate Loan or any Fixed Rate Loan is converted to a Base
Rate Loan (pursuant to Section 2.11, Section 2.12, Article VI or
Article VIII) on any day other than the last day of an Interest Period
applicable thereto or the end of an applicable period fixed pursuant to
Section 2.09(c), or if any Lender assigns any Fixed Rate Loan as required
by Section 8.06 on any day other than the last day of an Interest Period
applicable thereto, or if the Borrower fails to borrow or prepay any Fixed Rate
Loan after notice has been given to any Lender in accordance with
Section 2.04(a) or Section 2.12, the Borrower shall reimburse each
Lender within 15 days after demand for any resulting loss or expense incurred by
it (or by an existing or prospective Participant in the related Loan), including
(without limitation) any loss reasonably incurred in obtaining, liquidating or
employing deposits from third parties, but excluding loss of margin for the
period after such payment or conversion or assignment or failure to borrow or
prepay; provided that such
Lender shall have delivered to the Borrower a certificate as to the amount of
such loss or expense with an explanation of the calculation of such loss or
expense, which certificate shall be conclusive if made reasonably and in good
faith.



SECTION
2.15. Computation of Interest and
Fees.  Interest based on the Prime Rate hereunder shall be
computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year) and
paid for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but
excluding the last day).  All other interest, facility fees, letter of
credit fees and fronting fees hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year
of 360 days and paid for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first
day but excluding the last day).



SECTION
2.16. Regulation D
Compensation.  For each day for which a Lender is required to
maintain reserves in respect of either (x) “Eurocurrency
Liabilities”



























28


(as
defined in all regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System) or (y) any other category of liabilities which includes deposits by
reference to which the interest rate in Euro-Dollar Loans is determined or any
category of extensions of credit or other assets which includes loans by a
non-United States office of any Lender to United States residents, such Lender
may require the Borrower to pay, contemporaneously with each payment of interest
on the Euro-Dollar Loans, additional interest on the related Euro-Dollar Loan of
such Lender at a rate per annum determined by such Lender up to but not
exceeding the excess of (i) (A) the applicable London Interbank Offered
Rate divided by (B) one minus the Euro-Dollar
Reserve Percentage over (ii) the applicable London Interbank Offered
Rate.  Any Lender wishing to require payment of such additional
interest (x) shall so notify the Borrower and the Agent, in which case such
additional interest on the Euro-Dollar Loans of such Lender shall be payable to
such Lender at the place indicated in such notice with respect to each Interest
Period commencing at least five Euro-Dollar Business Days after the giving of
such notice and (y) shall notify the Borrower at least five Euro-Dollar
Business Days prior to each date on which interest is payable on the Euro-Dollar
Loans of the amount then due to such Lender under this Section.  Such
Lender’s notice to the Borrower shall set forth its calculation of such
additional interest and such calculation shall be conclusive if made reasonably
and in good faith.



SECTION
2.17. Letters of
Credit.  (a)  General.  Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may request the
issuance of Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars for its own account or, as
provided below, for the account of a Subsidiary, in a form reasonably acceptable
to the Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time
during the Revolving Credit Period.  In the event of any inconsistency
between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions
of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the
Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower with, an Issuing Bank relating to
any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall
control.  The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (i) Letters of
Credit may be issued to support obligations of Subsidiaries of the Borrower as
well as the Borrower, (ii) Letters of Credit issued to support obligations of a
Subsidiary may state that they are issued for such Subsidiary’s account and
(iii) regardless of any such statement in any Letter of Credit, the Borrower is
the “account party” in respect of all Letters of Credit and will be responsible
for reimbursement of LC Disbursements as provided herein.



(b) Notice of Issuance,
Amendment, Renewal, Extension; Certain Conditions.  To request
the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an
outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall hand deliver (or transmit by
electronic communication or facsimile transmission, if arrangements for doing so
have been approved by the applicable Issuing Bank) to the applicable Issuing
Bank and the Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance,
amendment, renewal or extension) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of
Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended,
and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which
shall be a Domestic Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to
expire (which shall comply with Section 2.17(c)), the amount of such Letter
of Credit in Dollars, the name and address of the beneficiary



























29


thereof
and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or
extend such Letter of Credit.  If requested by the applicable Issuing
Bank, the Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on such
Issuing Bank’s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of
Credit.  A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or
extended only if (X) the Agent shall have confirmed, based solely on the
information delivered to it pursuant to Section 2.17(k) below, that (and upon
issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Borrower
shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), (A) after giving effect to such
issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) the LC Exposure shall not
exceed $200,000,000, (ii) the amount of the LC Exposure attributable to Letters
of Credit issued by the applicable Issuing Bank will not exceed the LC
Commitment of such Issuing Bank and (iii) the sum of the total LC Exposure plus
the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans shall not exceed the
aggregate amount of the Commitments, and (B) in the event the Maturity Date
shall have been extended as provided in Section 2.06(c), the sum of the LC
Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit expiring after any Existing Maturity
Date and the aggregate principal amount of all Money Market Loans maturing after
such Existing Maturity Date shall not exceed the aggregate Commitments that have
been extended to a date after the latest expiration date of such Letters of
Credit and the latest maturity of such Money Market Loans, and (Y) the Issuing
Bank shall not have received written notice from any Lender, the Agent or the
Borrower, at least one Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance,
amendment, renewal or extension of the applicable Letter of Credit, that one or
more applicable conditions contained in Section 3.02 shall not be
satisfied.



(c) Expiration
Date.  Each Letter of Credit shall expire at or prior to the
close of business on the earlier of (i) the date one year after the date of
the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or
extension thereof, one year after such renewal or extension) and (ii) the
date that is five Domestic Business Days prior to the Maturity
Date.



(d) Participations.  By
the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit
increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the
applicable Issuing Bank or the Lenders, such Issuing Bank hereby grants to each
Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation
in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the
aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of
Credit.  In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each
Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Agent, for the
account of the applicable Issuing Bank, such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of
each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the
Borrower on the date due as provided in Section 2.17(e), or of any reimbursement
payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason.  Each
Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations
pursuant to this Section 2.17(d) in respect of Letters of Credit is
absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance
whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of
Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or
termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without
any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever.



























30





(e) Reimbursement.  If
an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit,
the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Agent an
amount equal to such LC Disbursement not later than 12:00 Noon, New York City
time, on the date that such LC Disbursement is made, if the Borrower shall have
received notice of such LC Disbursement prior to 10:00 A.M., New York City time,
on such date, or, if such notice has not been received by the Borrower prior to
such time on such date, then not later than 12:00 Noon, New York City time, on
(i) the Domestic Business Day that the Borrower receives such notice, if such
notice is received prior to 10:00 A.M., New York City time, on the day of
receipt, or (ii) the Domestic Business Day immediately following the day that
the Borrower receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such
time on the day of receipt; provided that the
Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request
in accordance with Section 2.02 that such payment be financed with a Base Rate
Borrowing in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower’s
obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the
resulting Base Rate Borrowing.  If the Borrower fails to make such
payment when due, the Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable LC
Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof and such
Lender’s Applicable Percentage thereof.  Promptly following receipt of
such notice, each Lender shall pay to the Agent its Applicable Percentage of the
payment then due from the Borrower, in the same manner as provided in
Section 2.04 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and
Section 2.04 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the
payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Agent shall promptly pay to the
applicable Issuing Bank the amounts so received by the Agent from the
Lenders.  For the avoidance of doubt, any Declining Lender that has
been replaced by a Substitute Lender pursuant to Section 8.06 prior to the date
of reimbursement shall not be required to make any payment to the Agent or the
applicable Issuing Bank pursuant to the preceding sentence, regardless of
whether the applicable Letter of Credit was issued before or after such Lender
has become a Declining Lender.  Promptly following receipt by the
Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.17(e),
the Agent shall distribute such payment to the applicable Issuing Bank or, to
the extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to this Section 2.17(e)
to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank as
their interests may appear.  Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to
this Section 2.17(e) to reimburse any Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement
(other than the funding of Base Rate Loans as contemplated above) shall not
constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to
reimburse such LC Disbursement.



(f) Obligations
Absolute.  The Borrower’s obligation to reimburse LC
Disbursements as provided in Section 2.17(e) shall be absolute,
unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and
irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of
Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or
other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged,
fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or
inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by an Issuing Bank under a Letter of
Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply
with the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (iv) any other event or circumstance
whatsoever,



























31


whether
or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of
this Section 2.17(f), constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or
provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower’s obligations
hereunder.  Neither the Agent, the Lenders nor the Issuing Banks (nor
any of their Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors, or
their Affiliates’ directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors), shall
have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the
issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make
any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in
the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in
transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or
relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a
drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any
consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the applicable Issuing
Bank; provided
that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse any Issuing Bank from
liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to
consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the
Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower
that are caused by such Issuing Bank’s failure to exercise care when determining
whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply
with the terms thereof.  The parties hereto expressly agree that, in
the absence of gross negligence or wilful misconduct on the part of an Issuing
Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing
Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such
determination.  In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting
the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents
presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the
terms of a Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank may, in its sole
discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without
responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or
information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such
documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such
Letter of Credit.



(g) Disbursement
Procedures.  The applicable Issuing Bank shall, promptly
following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a
demand for payment under a Letter of Credit.  Such Issuing Bank shall
promptly notify the Agent and the Borrower by telephone (confirmed by facsimile
transmission) of such demand for payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made
or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder; provided that any
failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of
its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Lenders with respect to
any such LC Disbursement.



(h) Interim
Interest.  If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement,
then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the
date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear
interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made
to but excluding the date that the Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement, at
the rate per annum then applicable to Base Rate Loans; provided that, if the
Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to
Section 2.17(e), then the last sentence of Section 2.09(a) shall
apply.  Interest accrued pursuant to this Section 2.17(h) shall
be for the account of the



























32


applicable
Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by
any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17(e) to reimburse such Issuing Bank shall
be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment.



(i) Cash
Collateralization.  If any Event of Default shall occur and be
continuing, on the Domestic Business Day that the Borrower receives notice from
the Agent or the Required Lenders that the Required Lenders are demanding the
deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this Section 2.17(i), the Borrower
shall deposit in an account with the Agent, in the name of the Agent and for the
benefit of the Lenders, an amount in cash equal to the LC Exposure as of such
date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon; provided that the
obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately,
and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or
other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with
respect to the Borrower described in Section 6.01(g) or
Section 6.01(h).  Such deposit shall be held by the Agent as
collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of the Borrower
under this Agreement.  The Agent shall have exclusive dominion and
control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such
account.  Other than any interest earned on the investment of such
deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of
the Agent and at the Borrower’s risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear
interest.  Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall
accumulate in such account.  Moneys in such account shall be applied
by the Agent to reimburse each Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it
has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the
satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the LC
Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but
subject to the consent of the Required Lenders), be applied to satisfy other
obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement.  If the Borrower is
required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the
occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as
aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three Domestic Business Days
after all Events of Default have been cured or waived.



(j) Designation of Additional
Issuing Banks.  From time to time, the Borrower may by notice
to the Agent designate as additional Issuing Banks one or more Lenders that
agree to serve in such capacity as provided in this Section
2.17(j).  The acceptance by a Lender of any appointment as an Issuing
Bank hereunder shall be evidenced by an agreement (an “Issuing Bank
Agreement”), which shall be in a form satisfactory to the Borrower and
the Agent, shall set forth the LC Commitment of such Lender and shall be
executed by such Lender, the Borrower and the Agent.  From and after
the effective date of each Issuing Bank Agreement, (i) the applicable Lender
shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this
Agreement and (ii) references herein to the term “Issuing Bank” shall be deemed
to include such Lender in its capacity as an Issuing Bank.



(k) Issuing Bank
Reports.  Unless otherwise agreed by the Agent, each Issuing
Bank shall report in writing to the Agent (i) on or prior to each Business Day
on which such Issuing Bank issues, amends, renews or extends any Letter of
Credit, the date of such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension and the
aggregate face amount of the



























33


Letter of
Credit issued, amended, renewed or extended by it and outstanding after giving
effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (and whether the amount
thereof has changed), it being understood that such Issuing Bank shall not
effect any issuance, renewal, extension or amendment resulting in an increase in
the amount of any Letter of Credit without first obtaining written confirmation
from the Agent that such increase complies with the conditions contained in
clauses (A) and (B) of Section 2.17(b), (ii) on each Business Day on which such
Issuing Bank makes an LC Disbursement, the date and amount of such LC
Disbursement, (iii) on any Business Day on which the Borrower reimburses or
fails to reimburse an LC Disbursement required to be reimbursed to such Issuing
Bank on such day, the date of such reimbursement or failure and the amount of
such LC Disbursement and (iv) on any other Business Day, such other information
as the Agent shall reasonably request as to the Letters of Credit issued by such
Issuing Bank and outstanding on such Business Day.



ARTICLE
III




Conditions



SECTION
3.01. Effectiveness.  This
Agreement shall become effective on the date that all of the following
conditions shall have been satisfied (or waived in accordance with
Section 9.04):



(a) receipt
by the Agent from each of the parties hereto of either (i) a counterpart
hereof signed by such party or (ii) facsimile transmission or other written
confirmation, in form satisfactory to the Agent, confirming that a counterpart
hereof has been signed by such party;



(b) receipt
by the Agent of a certificate signed by the Chief Financial Officer or the Vice
President, Finance, of the Borrower, dated the Effective Date, to the effect
that (i) no Default has occurred and is continuing as of the Effective Date
and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in
Article IV hereof are true in all material respects on, and as of, the
Effective Date;



(c) receipt
by the Agent of an opinion of William C. Baskin III, Esq., counsel to the
Borrower, of Davis Polk & Wardwell, special counsel to the Borrower, and of
Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP, Pennsylvania counsel to the Borrower, in each
case given upon the Borrower’s express instructions, substantially in the forms
of Exhibits E-1, E-2 and E-3 hereto, respectively;



(d) receipt
by the Agent of all documents it may reasonably request relating to the
existence of the Borrower, the corporate authority for and the validity of this
Agreement, and any other matters relevant hereto, all in form and substance
satisfactory to the Agent;



(e) the
representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in Article IV hereof
are true in all material respects on and as of the Effective Date;



























34





(f) receipt
by the Lenders of all the financial statements referred to in
Section 4.04(a);



(g) all fees,
interest and other amounts accrued for the accounts of or owing to the Lenders,
the Issuing Banks and the Agent under the Existing Credit Agreement, whether or
not due and payable as of the Effective Date, shall have been paid or shall
simultaneously be paid in full, and no Loans or Letters of Credit shall be
outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement on the Effective Date;
and



(h) the Agent
shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable by the Borrower
on or prior to the Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced,
reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed
or paid by the Borrower;



provided that this
Agreement shall not become effective or be binding on any party hereto unless
all of the foregoing conditions are satisfied not later than April 18,
2008.  The Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of
the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding on all
parties hereto.



SECTION
3.02. Borrowings.  The
obligation of any Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing, and of
any Issuing Bank to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, is
subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:



(a) receipt
by the Agent of a Notice of Borrowing as required by Section 2.02 or 2.03
or receipt by the applicable Issuing Bank of a notice as required by Section
2.17(b), as the case may be;



(b) the fact
that, immediately before and immediately after such Borrowing or the issuance,
amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no
Default shall have occurred and be continuing;



(c) the fact
that immediately after such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or
extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, the sum of the aggregate
outstanding principal amount of the Loans plus the total LC Exposure will not
exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments;



(d) the fact
that the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in
Article IV (other than those set forth in Sections 4.04(b) and 4.05)
shall be true on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance,
amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable;
and



(e) the fact
that (i) the Borrowing shall have been approved by the Chairman, the President,
the Chief Executive Officer, the Executive Vice President, Strategy and Finance
or the Chief Financial Officer of the Borrower or any one of their respective
designees or (ii) the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of the Letter of
Credit shall have been approved by the Executive Vice President, Strategy and
Finance, the Chief Financial Officer, the Vice President, Finance, or the
Treasurer of the Borrower.



























35





Each
Borrowing and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of
Credit hereunder shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the
Borrower on the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment,
renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, (i) as to the
facts specified in Sections 3.02(b), 3.02(c) and 3.02(d) and as to the
facts specified in Section 3.02(e)(i) (in the case of each Borrowing) or
3.02(e)(ii) (in the case of each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a
Letter of Credit), as applicable, and (ii) that such Borrowing or issuance,
amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, would
not cause the aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time under (x) this
Agreement, (y) any other lines of credit heretofore or hereafter established or
any other funds heretofore or hereafter borrowed by the Borrower pursuant to the
resolutions of the board of directors of the Borrower dated as of October 13,
2000, as amended September 28, 2001 and April 26, 2002 , and (z) any unsecured
promissory notes of the Borrower issued pursuant to the resolutions of the board
of directors of the Borrower dated as of October 13, 2000, as amended September
28, 2001 and April 26, 2002, to exceed $2,500,000,000, as such amount may be
increased from time to time by a subsequent resolution of the board of directors
of the Borrower, provided, however, that for purposes of this Agreement such
increase will only take effect after a written notice thereof, in form
reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, shall be delivered to the Agent by the
Chief Financial Officer, the Corporate Secretary, the Assistant Corporate
Secretary, the Secretary or the Assistant Secretary of the Borrower or any one
of their respective designees.



ARTICLE
IV




Representations and
Warranties



The
Borrower represents and warrants that:



SECTION
4.01. Corporate Existence and
Power.  The Borrower (i) is a Pennsylvania corporation
duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
State of Pennsylvania, and (ii) has all corporate powers required to carry
on its business as now conducted.  Each of the Borrower and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries has all governmental licenses, authorizations,
consents and approvals required to carry on its business as now conducted, the
failure to obtain which would, individually or in the aggregate, have a material
adverse effect on the Borrower’s ability to perform its obligations hereunder or
on the financial condition of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole.



SECTION 4.02
Corporate and Governmental Authorization; No
Contravention.   The execution, delivery and
performance by the Borrower of this Agreement are within its corporate powers,
have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, require no action
by or in respect of, or advance filing with, any governmental body, agency or
official and do not contravene, or constitute a default under, (i) any
provision of the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Borrower,
(ii) any applicable law or regulation or any judgment, injunction, order or
decree binding upon the Borrower, or (iii) any material financial agreement
or instrument of the Borrower.




















36







SECTION
4.03. Binding
Effect.  This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding
agreement of the Borrower and each Note, when executed and delivered in
accordance with this Agreement, will constitute a valid and binding obligation
of the Borrower, in each case enforceable in accordance with its terms except as
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar
laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and by general
principles of equity.



SECTION
4.04. Financial
Information.  (a)  The Borrower has heretofore
furnished to the Agent, for distribution to each of the Lenders, the audited
consolidated balance sheet for the Borrower as of December 31, 2007, and
related consolidated statements of cash flows, income and retained earnings for
the Borrower for the twelve-month period then ended.  Such financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial
position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower as of such
date and for such period, in accordance with GAAP.



(b) Since
December 31, 2007, there has not been nor is there reasonably likely to be
any  material adverse change in the business, assets, operations or
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower and its Consolidated
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided that the
charges and other information disclosed in the Disclosure Documents shall be
deemed not to constitute any such material adverse change.



SECTION
4.05. Litigation.  Except
as disclosed in the Disclosure Documents, there is no action, suit or proceeding
pending against, or to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against or
affecting, the Borrower or its Consolidated Subsidiaries before any court or
arbitrator or any governmental body, agency or official in which there is a
reasonable possibility of an adverse decision which could materially adversely
affect the business, consolidated financial position or consolidated results of
operations of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole or
which in any manner draws into question the validity of this
Agreement.



SECTION
4.06. Compliance with
ERISA.  Each member of the ERISA Group has fulfilled its
obligations under the minimum funding standards of ERISA and the Internal
Revenue Code with respect to each Plan and is not in violation of the presently
applicable provisions of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code where such
violation would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the
Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and has not
incurred any material liability to the PBGC or a Plan under Title IV of
ERISA; provided
that this Section 4.06 applies to the members of the ERISA Group only in
their capacity as employers and not in any other capacity (such as fiduciaries
or service providers to Plans for the benefit of employers of
others).



SECTION
4.07. Compliance with Laws and
Agreements.  Each of the Borrower and its Consolidated
Subsidiaries has complied in all material respects with all applicable laws and
material agreements binding upon it, except where any failure to comply
therewith would not individually or collectively have a material adverse effect
on the Borrower’s ability to perform its obligations hereunder, and except where
necessity of compliance therewith is being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings;



























37


provided, however, that the
sole representation and warranty with respect to compliance with ERISA is
limited to Section 4.06.



SECTION
4.08. Investment Company
Act.  The Borrower is not  an “investment company” or a
company “controlled” by an “investment company” within the meaning of the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.



SECTION
4.09.  Full
Disclosure.  None of the Disclosure Documents or any other
information furnished in writing by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Agent or
any Lender for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement (in each case
taken as a whole with all other information so furnished) contained, as of the
time it was furnished, any material misstatement of fact or omitted as of such
time to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein taken
as a whole not misleading, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made; provided that with
respect to information consisting of statements, estimates and projections
regarding the future performance of the Borrower and its Consolidated
Subsidiaries, the Borrower represents only that such information has been
prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by the Borrower to be
reasonable at the time of preparation thereof.



SECTION
4.10.  Taxes.  The
Borrower has filed or caused to be filed all United States Federal income
tax returns and all other material tax returns required to be filed by it and
has paid or caused to be paid all material taxes required to have been paid by
it, except taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings and for which the Borrower has set aside on its books adequate
reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP.



ARTICLE
V




Covenants



The
Borrower agrees that, so long as any Lender has any Commitment hereunder and so
long as any Loan is outstanding hereunder, any Letter of Credit remains
outstanding or any LC Disbursement has not been reimbursed:



SECTION
5.01. Information.  The
Borrower will deliver to the Agent, for delivery by the Agent to each of the
Lenders:



(a) as soon
as available and in any event within 105 days
after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, the consolidated balance
sheet of the Borrower as of the end of such fiscal year and the related
consolidated statements of earnings and of cash flows for such fiscal year,
setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous
fiscal year, all reported on in a manner acceptable to the Securities and
Exchange Commission and audited by KPMG LLP or other independent public
accountants of nationally recognized standing;



























38





(b) as soon
as available and in any event within 55 days after the end of each of the first
three quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, its Form 10-Q as of the
end of such quarter;



(c) simultaneously
with the delivery of each set of financial statements referred to in Sections
5.01(a) and 5.01(b), a certificate of a Responsible Financial Officer of the
Borrower (i) stating whether any Default exists on the date of such
certificate and, if any Default then exists, setting forth the details thereof
and the action which the Borrower is taking or proposes to take with respect
thereto and (ii) setting forth calculations demonstrating compliance, as of
the date of the most recent balance sheet included in the financial statements
being furnished at such time, with the covenants set forth in Sections 5.03
and 5.04(e);



(d) within
five days after any officer of the Borrower obtains knowledge of any Default
(other than one resulting from a failure to perform the covenant contained in
paragraph (i) of this Section), if such Default is then continuing, a
certificate of a Responsible Financial Officer of the Borrower setting forth the
details thereof and the action which the Borrower is taking or proposes to take
with respect thereto;



(e) promptly
upon the mailing thereof to the shareholders of the Borrower generally, copies
of all financial statements and reports, and proxy statements so
mailed;



(f) promptly
following a request therefor, any documentation or other information that a
Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under
applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations,
including the USA Patriot Act;



(g) from time
to time such additional publicly available information regarding the financial
position or business of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as the
Agent, at the request of any Lender, may reasonably request;



(h) prompt
written notice after the occurrence of (i) any Reportable Event that, alone or
together with any other Reportable Events that have occurred, or (ii) a failure
to make a required installment or other payment (within the meaning of Section
412(n)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code) that, could reasonably be expected to
result in liability of the Borrower to the PBGC or to a Plan in an aggregate
amount exceeding $50,000,000; and



(i) promptly
after Moody’s, Fitch or S&P shall have announced a change in the rating
established for the Senior Unsecured Debt of the Borrower, written notice of
such rating change.



Information
required to be delivered pursuant to this Section shall be deemed to have been
delivered on the date on which the Borrower provides notice to the Lenders that
such information has been posted on the Borrower’s website on the Internet at
http://www.aetna.com
or at http://www.sec.gov;
provided that
the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of the information referred to in this
Section after the date delivery is



























39


required
thereunder to any Lender which requests such delivery within 5 Business Days
after such request.



SECTION
5.02. Conduct of Business and
Maintenance of Existence and Insurance.  The Borrower will
preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect, and will cause each Material
Subsidiary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect, their
respective corporate existence; provided that the
foregoing shall not prohibit (i) the termination of the existence of any
Material Subsidiary if the surviving entity (in the case of any such termination
resulting from a merger or consolidation) or the entity to which substantially
all such Material Subsidiary’s assets are transferred (in the case of any other
such termination) is or becomes a Material Subsidiary or is the Borrower or (ii)
any transaction involving the Borrower in accordance with Section
5.05.  The Borrower will also maintain, with financially sound and
reputable insurance companies, insurance (including, without limitation, self
insurance), if reasonably available, in such amounts and against such risks as
are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar
businesses operating in the same or similar locations.



SECTION
5.03. Leverage
Ratio.  The Leverage Ratio as of the end of each fiscal quarter
of the Borrower ending on or after December 31, 2007, will not exceed 0.50 to
1.00.



SECTION
5.04. Liens.  The
Borrower will not, and will not permit any Consolidated Subsidiary to, create,
incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness secured by any Lien on any
property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, except:



(a) any
Indebtedness secured by a Lien on any property or asset of the Borrower or any
Consolidated Subsidiary existing on the date hereof; provided that (i)
such Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset of the Borrower or any
Consolidated Subsidiary and (ii) such Lien shall secure only the Indebtedness
which it secures on the date hereof and extensions, renewals and replacements
thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount
thereof;



(b) any
Indebtedness secured by a Lien existing on any property or asset prior to the
acquisition thereof by the Borrower or any Consolidated Subsidiary or existing
on any property or asset of any Person that becomes a Consolidated Subsidiary
after the date hereof prior to the time such Person becomes a Consolidated
Subsidiary; provided that
(i) such Indebtedness and Lien are not created in contemplation of or in
connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Consolidated
Subsidiary, as the case may be, (ii) such Lien shall not apply to any other
property or assets of the Borrower or any Consolidated Subsidiary and (iii) such
Lien shall secure only the any Indebtedness which it secures on the date of such
acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Consolidated Subsidiary, as the
case may be, and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not
increase the outstanding principal amount thereof;



(c) any
Indebtedness secured by purchase money security interests in property or assets
or improvements thereto hereafter acquired (or, in the case of



























40


improvements,
constructed) by the Borrower or any Consolidated Subsidiary; provided that (i)
such security interests and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred within
180 days of such acquisition (or construction), (ii) the Indebtedness secured
thereby does not exceed the lesser of the cost or the fair market value of such
property or assets or improvements at the time of such acquisition (or
construction) and (iii) such security interests do not apply to any other
property or assets of the Borrower or any Consolidated Subsidiary;



(d) any
capitalized lease obligations secured by Liens; provided that such
Liens do not extend to any property of the Borrower or its Consolidated
Subsidiaries other than the property subject to the relevant capital lease;
and



(e) Indebtedness
secured by Liens that are not otherwise permitted by any of the foregoing
provisions of this Section 5.04; provided that, at the
time that any such Indebtedness is incurred or that any such Lien is granted
(and after giving effect thereto), the aggregate outstanding principal amount of
all Indebtedness secured by Liens permitted by this Section 5.04(e) shall not
exceed 10% of the consolidated shareholders’ equity of the Borrower (i) as of
December 31, 2007, until the first consolidated financial statements of the
Borrower are delivered to the Agent pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) and,
thereafter, (ii) as of the most recent date for which a consolidated balance
sheet of the Borrower has been delivered to the Agent pursuant to
Section 5.01(a) or (b), determined in accordance with GAAP.



SECTION
5.05. Consolidations, Mergers and
Sales of Assets.  The Borrower will not consolidate or merge
with or into any other corporation or convey or transfer (or permit the
conveyance or transfer of) all or substantially all of the properties and assets
of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries to any other Person unless
(i) the surviving or acquiring entity is a corporation organized under the
laws of one of the United States, (ii) the surviving or acquiring
corporation, if other than the Borrower, expressly assumes the performance of
the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and all Notes, and
(iii) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default shall
exist.



SECTION
5.06. Use of Proceeds and Letters
of Credit.  The proceeds of the Loans made under this Agreement
will be used by the Borrower for general corporate purposes, including, without
limitation, the payment of maturing commercial paper.  Letters of
Credit issued under this Agreement may support obligations of Subsidiaries of
the Borrower as well as the Borrower.  None of such proceeds or
Letters of Credit will be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose, whether
immediate, incidental or ultimate, of buying or carrying any “margin stock”
within the meaning of Regulation U.



SECTION
5.07. Compliance with
Laws.  The Borrower will comply, and will cause its
Consolidated Subsidiaries to comply, in all material respects with all
applicable laws, except where any failure to comply therewith would not
individually or collectively have a material adverse effect on the Borrower’s
ability to perform its obligations hereunder, and except where necessity of
compliance therewith is being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings; provided, however, that with
respect



























41


to
compliance with ERISA, this Section 5.07 applies to the Borrower and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries only in their respective capacities as employers and
not in any other capacity (such as a fiduciary or service provider to Plans for
the benefit of employers of others).



SECTION
5.08.  Inspection of Property,
Books and Records.  The Borrower will keep proper books of
record and account in which full, true and correct entries (in all material
respects) in conformity with GAAP shall be made of all dealings and transactions
in relation to its business and activities.  The Borrower will permit
representatives of any Lender at such Lender’s expense to visit and inspect the
Borrower’s financial records and properties, to examine and make extracts from
its books and records and to discuss its affairs and financial condition with
the Borrower’s officers and (with the participation of or prior notice to such
officers) independent public accountants, all at such reasonable times and as
often as reasonably requested.



SECTION
5.09. Payment of
Obligations.  The Borrower will, and will cause each of its
Consolidated Subsidiaries to, pay its tax liabilities and other material
obligations, before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where
(a) (i) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings and (ii) the Borrower or such Consolidated
Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in
accordance with GAAP or (b) the failure to make such payments could not
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Borrower’s
ability to perform its obligations hereunder or on the financial condition of
the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.



ARTICLE
VI




Defaults



SECTION
6.01. Events of
Default.  If one or more of the following events (“Events of Default”)
shall have occurred and be continuing:



(a) the
Borrower shall fail to pay when due any principal on any Loan or any
reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement;



(b) the
Borrower shall fail to pay within five Domestic Business Days of the date when
due any fees or any interest on any Loan or LC Disbursement;



(c) the
Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant contained in
Sections 5.01(d), 5.03 and 5.05;



(d) the
Borrower shall fail to observe or perform, in any material respect, any covenant
or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those covered by
Sections 6.01(a), 6.01(b) or 6.01(c) above) and such failure shall have
continued for a period of 30 days after written notice thereof has been given to
the Borrower by the Agent at the request of any Lender;



























42





(e) any
representation, warranty, certification or statement made by the Borrower in
this Agreement or in any certificate, financial statement or other document
delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall prove to have been incorrect in any
material respect when made (or deemed made);



(f) the
Borrower or any Consolidated Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment (whether
of principal or interest) in respect of any indebtedness for borrowed money
having an outstanding principal amount of $100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any
other currency) or more, when and as the same shall become due and payable; or
any event or condition occurs that results in any outstanding indebtedness for
borrowed money of the Borrower or any Consolidated Subsidiary having an
outstanding principal amount of $100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other
currency) or more becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity, or that enables
or permits the holder or holders of such indebtedness or any trustee or agent on
its or their behalf to cause such indebtedness to become due prior to its
scheduled maturity;



(g) the
Borrower or any Material Subsidiary shall commence a voluntary case or other
proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to
itself or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or
hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver,
liquidator, custodian or other similar official of it or all or substantially
all of its property, or shall consent to any such relief or to the appointment
of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other
proceeding commenced against it, or shall make a general assignment for the
benefit of creditors, or shall fail generally to pay its debts as they become
due, or shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the
foregoing;



(h) an
involuntary case or other proceeding shall be commenced against the Borrower or
any Material Subsidiary seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with
respect to it or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law
now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver,
liquidator, custodian or other similar official of it or all or substantially
all of its property, and such involuntary case or other proceeding shall remain
undismissed and unstayed for a period of 60 days; or an order for relief shall
be entered against the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary under the federal
bankruptcy laws as now or hereafter in effect;



(i) any
person or group of persons (within the meaning of Section 13 or 14 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) shall have acquired beneficial
ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated by the Securities
and Exchange Commission under said Act) of more than 35% of the outstanding
shares of common stock of the Borrower; or at any time Continuing Directors
shall not constitute a majority of the board of directors of the
Borrower;



(j) one or
more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of
$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) shall be rendered against
the Borrower, any Consolidated Subsidiary or any combination thereof and the
same shall remain undischarged for a period of 60 consecutive days during which
execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken
by a



























43


judgment
creditor to levy upon assets or properties of the Borrower or any Consolidated
Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment; or



(k) a
Reportable Event or Reportable Events, or a failure to make a required
installment or other payment (within the meaning of Section 412(n)(1) of
the Internal Revenue Code), shall have occurred with respect to any Plan or
Plans that reasonably could be expected to result in liability of the Borrower
to the PBGC or to a Plan in an aggregate amount exceeding $50,000,000 and,
within 30 days after the reporting of any such Reportable Event to the Agent,
the Agent shall have notified the Borrower in writing that (i) the Required
Lenders have made a determination that, on the basis of such Reportable Event or
Reportable Events or the failure to make a required payment, there are
reasonable grounds (A) for the termination of such Plan or Plans by the
PBGC, (B) for the appointment by the appropriate United States
District Court of a trustee to administer such Plan or Plans or (C) for the
imposition of liens in an amount exceeding $25,000,000 in favor of a Plan and
(ii) as a result thereof an Event of Default exists hereunder; or a trustee
shall be appointed by a United States District Court to administer any such
Plan or Plans; or the PBGC shall institute proceedings to terminate any Plan or
Plans;



then, and
in every such event, the Agent shall (i) if requested by Lenders having
more than 50% in aggregate amount of the Commitments, by notice to the Borrower
terminate the Commitments and they shall thereupon terminate, and (ii) if
requested by Lenders holding more than 50% in aggregate principal amount of the
Loans, by notice to the Borrower declare the Loans (together with accrued
interest thereon) to be, and the Loans (together with accrued interest thereon)
shall thereupon become, immediately due and payable without presentment, demand,
protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the
Borrower; provided that in the
case of any of the Events of Default specified in Sections 6.01(g) or
6.01(h) above with respect to the Borrower, without any notice to the Borrower
or any other act by the Agent or the Lenders, the Commitments shall thereupon
terminate and the Loans (together with accrued interest thereon) shall become
immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice
of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower.



SECTION
6.02. Notice of
Default.  The Agent shall give notice to the Borrower under
Section 6.01(d) promptly upon being requested to do so by any Lender and
shall thereupon notify all the Lenders thereof.



ARTICLE
VII




The
Agent



SECTION
7.01. Appointment and
Authorization.  Each Lender and each Issuing Bank irrevocably
appoints and authorizes the Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and
to exercise such powers under this Agreement as are delegated to the Agent by
the terms hereof, together with all such powers as are reasonably incidental
thereto.  The Lenders named on the cover page of this Agreement as
co-syndication agents are not authorized to take any action as agent on behalf
of the Agent or on behalf



























44


of any
Lender, and shall not have any rights, responsibilities, duties or any powers as
an agent under this Agreement.



SECTION
7.02. Agent and
Affiliates.  JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. shall have the same
rights and powers under this Agreement as any other Lender and may exercise or
refrain from exercising the same as though it were not the Agent, and JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A. and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, and
generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or
Affiliate of the Borrower as if it were not the Agent hereunder.



SECTION
7.03. Action by
Agent.  The obligations of the Agent hereunder are only those
expressly set forth herein.  Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Agent shall not be required to take any action with respect to
any Default, except as expressly provided in Article VI.



SECTION
7.04. Consultation with
Experts.  The Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be
counsel for the Borrower), independent public accountants and other experts
selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be
taken by it in good faith in accordance with the advice of such counsel,
accountants or experts.



SECTION
7.05. Liability of
Agent.  Neither the Agent nor any of its directors, officers,
agents, or employees shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in
connection herewith (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required
Lenders or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful
misconduct.  Neither the Agent nor any of its directors, officers,
agents or employees shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain,
inquire into or verify (i) any statement, warranty or representation made
in connection with this Agreement or any Borrowing hereunder; (ii) the
performance or observance of any of the covenants or agreements of the Borrower;
(iii) the satisfaction of any condition specified in Article III,
except receipt of items required to be delivered to the Agent; or (iv) the
validity, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement or any other instrument
or writing furnished in connection herewith.  The Agent shall not
incur any liability by acting in reliance upon any notice, consent, certificate,
statement, or other writing (which may be a bank wire, facsimile transmission or
similar writing) reasonably believed by it to be genuine and to be signed by the
proper party or parties.



SECTION
7.06. Indemnification.  Each
Lender shall, ratably in accordance with its Commitment (or outstanding Loans
and LC Exposure, if the Commitments have terminated), indemnify the Agent (to
the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower) against any cost, expense (including
counsel fees and disbursements), claim, demand, action, loss or liability
(except such as result from the Agent’s gross negligence or willful misconduct)
that the Agent may suffer or incur in connection with this Agreement or any
action taken or omitted by the Agent hereunder.



SECTION
7.07. Credit
Decision.  Each Lender and each Issuing Bank acknowledges that
it has, independently and without reliance upon the Agent or any
other



























45


Lender or
Issuing Bank, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this
Agreement.  Each Lender and each Issuing Bank also acknowledges that
it will, independently and without reliance upon the Agent or any other Lender
or Issuing Bank, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem
appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or
not taking any action under this Agreement.



SECTION
7.08. Successor
Agent.  The Agent may resign at any time by giving written
notice thereof to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the
Borrower.  Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have
the right to appoint a successor Agent approved by the Borrower (which approval
shall not be unreasonably withheld).  If no successor Agent shall have
been so appointed by the Required Lenders, and approved by the Borrower and
shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Agent
gives notice of resignation, then the retiring Agent may, on behalf of the
Lenders and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Agent, which shall be a
commercial bank organized or licensed under the laws of the United States of
America or of any State thereof and having a combined capital and surplus of at
least two billion dollars.  Upon the acceptance of its appointment as
Agent hereunder by a successor Agent, such successor Agent shall thereupon
succeed to and become vested with all the rights and duties of the retiring
Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and
obligations hereunder.  After any retiring Agent’s resignation
hereunder as Agent, the provisions of this Article shall inure to its
benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was
Agent.



SECTION
7.09. Agent’s
Fees.  The Borrower shall pay to the Agent, for its own
account, fees in the amounts and at the times previously agreed upon between the
Borrower and the Agent.



SECTION
7.10. Co-Syndication
Agents.  It is agreed that the Co-Syndication Agents shall, in
their capacities as such, have no duties or responsibilities under this
Agreement or liability in connection with this Agreement.  Neither the
Agent nor any Co-Syndication Agent, in its capacity as such, has or is deemed to
have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender.








ARTICLE
VIII




Change in
Circumstances



SECTION
8.01. Basis for Determining
Interest Rate Inadequate or Unfair.  If on or prior to the
first day of any Interest Period for any Euro-Dollar Loan or Money Market LIBOR
Loan the Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent
manifest error) that deposits in dollars (in the applicable amounts) are not
generally available in the London interbank market for such period or that the
London Interbank Offered Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the
definition thereof, the Agent shall forthwith give notice thereof to the
Borrower and the Lenders, whereupon



























46


until the
Agent notifies the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such
suspension no longer exist, (i) the obligations of the Lenders to make
Euro-Dollar Loans, to convert outstanding Base Rate Loans into Euro-Dollar Loans
or to convert outstanding Euro-Dollar Loans into Euro-Dollar Loans with a
different Interest Period shall be suspended, (ii) each outstanding
Euro-Dollar Loan or Money Market LIBOR Loan, as the case may be, shall be
converted into a Base Rate Loan on the last day of the then current Interest
Period applicable thereto, and (iii) unless the Borrower notifies the Agent
at least two Domestic Business Days before the date of any Euro-Dollar Borrowing
or Money Market LIBOR Borrowing, as the case may be, for which a Notice of
Borrowing has previously been given that it elects not to borrow on such date,
(x) if such Borrowing is a Euro-Dollar Borrowing, such Borrowing shall instead
be made as a Base Rate Borrowing and (y) if such Borrowing is a Money
Market LIBOR Borrowing, the Money Market LIBOR Loans comprising such Borrowing
shall bear interest for each day from and including the first day to but
excluding the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto at the Base
Rate for such day.



SECTION
8.02. Illegality.  If,
on or after the date of this Agreement, the adoption of any applicable law, rule
or regulation, or any change in any applicable law, rule or regulation, or any
change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any governmental
authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or
administration thereof, or compliance by any Lender (or its Applicable Lending
Office) with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law)
of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency shall make it unlawful
or impossible for any Lender (or its Euro-Dollar Lending Office) to make,
maintain or fund its Euro-Dollar Loans and such Lender shall so notify the
Agent, the Agent shall forthwith give notice thereof to the other Lenders and
the Borrower, whereupon until such Lender notifies the Borrower and the Agent
that the circumstances giving rise to such suspension no longer exist, the
obligation of such Lender to make Euro-Dollar Loans, or to convert outstanding
Base Rate Loans into Euro-Dollar Loans, or to convert outstanding Euro-Dollar
Loans into Euro-Dollar Loans with a different Interest Period shall be
suspended.  Before giving any notice to the Agent pursuant to this
Section 8.02, such Lender shall designate a different Applicable Lending Office
if such designation will avoid the need for giving such notice and will not, in
the judgment of such Lender, be otherwise disadvantageous to such
Lender.  If such notice is given, all Euro-Dollar Loans of such Lender
then outstanding shall be converted to Base Rate Loans either (a) on the
last day of the then current Interest Period applicable to such Euro-Dollar
Loans if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain and fund such Loans to
such day or (b) immediately if such Lender may not lawfully continue to
maintain and fund such Loans to such day.



SECTION
8.03. Increased Cost and Reduced
Return.  (a)  If any applicable law, rule or
regulation, or any change in any applicable law, rule or regulation, or any
change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any governmental
authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or
administration thereof, or compliance by any Lender (or its Applicable Lending
Office) or any Issuing Bank with any request or directive (whether or not having
the force of law) of any such governmental authority, central bank or comparable
agency, made or adopted



























47


after the
date hereof (other than a change currently provided for in any existing law,
rule or regulation) shall impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special
deposit, insurance assessment or similar requirement (including, without
limitation, any such requirement imposed by the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System, but excluding, with respect to any Euro-Dollar
Loan, any such requirement with respect to which such Lender is entitled to
compensation during the relevant Interest Period under Section 2.16)
against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by,
any Lender (or its Applicable Lending Office) or any Issuing Bank or shall
impose on any Lender (or its Applicable Lending Office) or any Issuing Bank or
on the United States market for certificates of deposit or the London interbank
market any other condition affecting its Fixed Rate Loans (other than Money
Market Absolute Rate Loans), its Note (in respect of such Fixed Rate Loans), its
obligation to make such Fixed Rate Loans or its participating in, issuing or
maintaining any Letter of Credit; and the result of any of the foregoing is to
increase the cost to such Lender (or its Applicable Lending Office) or such
Issuing Bank of making or maintaining any Fixed Rate Loan, participating in,
issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit, or to reduce the amount of any sum
received or receivable by such Lender (or its Applicable Lending Office) or such
Issuing Bank under this Agreement or under its Note with respect thereto, by an
amount reasonably deemed by such Lender or such Issuing Bank to be material,
then, within 15 days after demand by such Lender or such Issuing Bank (with a
copy to the Agent), the Borrower shall pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank
such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing
Bank for such increased cost or reduction.



(b) If any
Lender or any Issuing Bank shall have determined that any applicable law, rule
or regulation regarding capital adequacy, or any change in any such law, rule or
regulation, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any
governmental authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the
interpretation or administration thereof, or any request or directive regarding
capital adequacy (whether or not having the force of law) of any such
governmental authority, central bank or comparable agency, made or adopted after
the date hereof (other than a change currently provided for in any existing law,
rule or regulation), has or would have the effect of increasing the amount of
capital of such Lender or such Issuing Bank (or its parent) required to be
maintained in respect of, or otherwise allocated to, such Lender or such Issuing
Bank’s obligations hereunder (its “Required Capital”) by
an amount reasonably deemed by such Lender or such Issuing Bank to be material,
then such Lender or such Issuing Bank may, by notice to the Borrower and the
Agent, increase the facility fee, letter of credit fee or fronting fee payable
to such Lender or such Issuing Bank hereunder to the extent required so that the
ratio of (w) the sum of the increased facility fee, letter of credit fee or
fronting fee applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank’s Commitment or
Loans hereunder to (x) the prior facility fee, letter of credit fee or
fronting fee applicable to such Lender’s or such Issuing Bank’s Commitment or
Loans or Letters of Credit (or participations therein) hereunder is the same as
the ratio of (y) such Lender’s or such Issuing Bank’s increased Required
Capital to (z) its prior Required Capital.  Such Lender or such
Issuing Bank’s notice to the Borrower and the Agent shall set forth its
calculation of the foregoing ratios and the increased facility fee, letter of
credit fee or fronting fee to which it is entitled under this
Section.



























48





(c) Each
Lender or each Issuing Bank will promptly notify the Borrower and the Agent of
any event of which it has knowledge, occurring after the date hereof, which will
entitle such Lender or such Issuing Bank to compensation pursuant to this
Section 8.03 (each, a “Trigger Event”) and
will designate a different Applicable Lending Office if such designation will
avoid the need for, or reduce the amount of, such compensation and will not, in
the judgment of such Lender or such Issuing Bank, be otherwise disadvantageous
to such Lender or such Issuing Bank.  Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Section 8.03, neither any Lender nor any Issuing Bank
shall be entitled to any compensation pursuant to this Section 8.03 in
respect of any Trigger Event (i) for any period of time in excess of 120
days prior to such notice or (ii) for any period of time prior to such
notice if such Lender or such Issuing Bank (as applicable) shall not have given
such notice within 120 days of the date on which such Trigger Event shall have
been enacted, promulgated, adopted or issued in definitive or final form unless
such Trigger Event is retroactive.  A certificate of any Lender or any
Issuing Bank claiming compensation under Section 8.03(a) or (b) and
setting forth the additional amount or amounts to be paid to it hereunder and
describing the method of calculation thereof shall be conclusive if made
reasonably and in good faith.  In determining such amount, such Lender
or such Issuing Bank may use any reasonable averaging and attribution
methods.



SECTION
8.04. Taxes.  (a)  For
purposes of this Section 8.04, the following terms have the following
meanings:



“Taxes” means any and
all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or
withholdings with respect to any payment by the Borrower pursuant to this
Agreement or under any Note, and all liabilities with respect thereto, excluding (i) in
the case of each Lender, each Issuing Bank and the Agent, taxes imposed on its
income, and franchise or similar taxes imposed on it, by a jurisdiction under
the laws of which such Lender, such Issuing Bank or the Agent (as the case may
be) is organized or in which its principal executive office is located or, in
the case of each Lender, in which its Applicable Lending Office is located and
(ii) in the case of each Lender, any United States withholding tax imposed
on such payments but only to the extent that such Lender is subject to United
States withholding tax at the time such Lender first becomes a party to this
Agreement.



“Other Taxes” means
any present or future stamp or documentary taxes and any other excise or
property taxes, or similar charges or levies, which arise from any payment made
pursuant to this Agreement or under any Note or from the execution or delivery
of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any Note.



(b) Any and
all payments by the Borrower to or for the account of any Lender, any Issuing
Bank or the Agent hereunder or under any Note shall be made without deduction
for any Taxes or Other Taxes; provided that, if the
Borrower shall be required by law to deduct any Taxes or Other Taxes from any
such payments, (i) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that
after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to
additional sums payable under this Section 8.04) such Lender, such Issuing
Bank or the Agent (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it
would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the
Borrower



























49


shall
make such deductions, (iii) the Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted
to the relevant taxation authority or other authority in accordance with
applicable law and (iv) the Borrower shall furnish to the Agent, at its
address referred to in Section 9.01, the original or a certified copy of a
receipt evidencing payment thereof.



(c) The
Borrower agrees to indemnify each Lender, each Issuing Bank and the Agent for
the full amount of Taxes or Other Taxes (including, without limitation, any
Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted by any jurisdiction on amounts payable
under this Section 8.04) paid by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or the Agent (as
the case may be) and any liability (including penalties, interest and expenses,
except to the extent attributable to the negligence or misconduct of such
Lender, such Issuing Bank or the Agent, as the case may be) arising therefrom or
with respect thereto.  This indemnification shall be made within 15
days from the date such Lender, such Issuing Bank or the Agent (as the case may
be) makes demand therefor.



(d) Each
Lender organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside the United States, on
or prior to the date of its execution and delivery of this Agreement in the case
of each Lender listed on the signature pages hereof and on or prior to the date
on which it becomes a Lender in the case of each other Lender, shall provide the
Borrower with (i) two Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”)
forms W8-BEN or any successor form prescribed by the IRS, certifying that
such Lender is entitled to benefits under an income tax treaty to which the
United States is a party which exempts such Lender from United States
withholding tax or reduces the rate of withholding tax on payments of interest
and eliminates withholding tax on any fees, or (ii) two IRS
forms W8-ECI certifying that the income receivable pursuant to this
Agreement is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in
the United States.  If the form provided by a Lender indicates a
United States interest withholding tax rate in excess of zero, withholding tax
at such rate shall be considered excluded from “Taxes” as defined in
Section 8.04(a).  Each such Lender undertakes to deliver to each
of the Borrower and the Agent (A) a replacement form (or successor form) on or
before the date that such form expires or becomes obsolete or after the
occurrence of any event requiring a change in the most recent form so delivered
by it, and (B) such amendments thereto or extensions or renewals thereof as may
reasonably be required (but only so long as such Lender remains lawfully able to
do so).



(e) For any
period with respect to which a Lender has failed to provide the Borrower with
the appropriate form pursuant to Section 8.04(d) (unless such failure is
due to a change in treaty, law or regulation occurring subsequent to the date on
which a form originally was required to be provided), such Lender shall not be
entitled to indemnification under Section 8.04(b) or Section 8.04(c)
with respect to Taxes imposed by the United States; provided that if a
Lender, which is otherwise exempt from or subject to a reduced rate of
withholding tax, becomes subject to Taxes because of its failure to deliver a
form required hereunder, the Borrower shall take such steps as such Lender shall
reasonably request to assist such Lender to recover such Taxes.



(f) Each
Lender will promptly notify the Borrower and the Agent of any event of which it
has knowledge, occurring after the date hereof, which will entitle
such



























50


Lender to
make any claim for indemnification in respect of Taxes or Other Taxes pursuant
to this Section 8.04 (each, a “Tax Event”) and will
designate a different Applicable Lending Office if such designation will avoid
the need for, or reduce the amount of, such claim or any other amounts payable
by the Borrower under this Section 8.04 and will not, in the judgment of such
Lender, be otherwise disadvantageous to such Lender.  Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Section, no Lender shall be entitled to any
indemnification pursuant to this Section in respect of any Tax Event
(i) for any period of time in excess of 180 days prior to such notice or
(ii) for any period of time prior to such notice if such Lender shall not
have given such notice within 120 days of the date on which such Lender became
aware of such Tax Event unless such Tax Event is retroactive.



SECTION
8.05. Base Rate Loans Substituted
for Affected Euro-Dollar Loans.  If (i) the obligation of
any Lender to make or maintain Euro-Dollar Loans has been suspended pursuant to
Section 8.02 or (ii) any Lender has demanded compensation under
Section 8.03(a) and the Borrower shall, by at least five Euro-Dollar
Business Days prior notice to such Lender through the Agent, have elected that
the provisions of this Section shall apply to such Lender, then, unless and
until such Lender notifies the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to
such suspension or demand for compensation no longer apply:



(a) all Loans
which would otherwise be made by such Lender as (or continued as or converted
into) Euro-Dollar Loans shall instead be Base Rate Loans, and



(b) after
each of its outstanding Euro-Dollar Loans has been repaid (or converted to a
Base Rate Loan), all payments of principal which would otherwise be applied to
repay such Euro-Dollar Loans shall be applied to repay its Base Rate Loans
instead.



If such
Lender notifies the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such notice
no longer apply, the Borrower shall elect that the principal amount of each such
Base Rate Loan shall be converted into a Euro-Dollar Loan on the first day of
the next succeeding Interest Period applicable to the related Euro-Dollar Loans
of the other Lenders.





SECTION
8.06. Substitution of
Lender.  If (i) the obligation of any Lender to make
Euro-Dollar Loans has been suspended pursuant to Section 8.02,
(ii) any Lender has demanded compensation under Section 8.03
or 8.04 or (iii) any Lender shall be a Declining Lender pursuant to
Section 2.06(c), the Borrower shall have the right to seek a substitute
financial institution or financial institutions (“Substitute Lenders”)
(which may be one or more of the Lenders) to purchase the Loans and assume the
Commitment of such Lender (the “Affected Lender”)
under this Agreement and, if the Borrower locates a Substitute Lender, the
Affected Lender shall, upon payment to it of the purchase price agreed between
it and the Substitute Lender (or, failing such agreement, a purchase price in
the amount of the outstanding principal amount of its Loans and accrued interest
thereon to the date of payment) plus any amount (other than principal and
interest) then due to it or accrued for its account hereunder, assign all its
rights and obligations under



























51




this
Agreement and all of its Notes to the Substitute Lender, and the Substitute
Lender shall assume such rights and obligations, whereupon the Substitute Lender
shall be a Lender party to this Agreement and shall have all the rights and
obligations of a Lender.



SECTION
8.07. Election to
Terminate.  If during any Level I Period, Level II Period,
Level III Period, Level IV Period or Level V Period (i) the obligation of
any Lender to make Euro-Dollar Loans has been suspended pursuant to
Section 8.02 or (ii) any Lender has demanded compensation under
Section 8.03 or 8.04, the Borrower may elect to terminate this
Agreement as to such Lender, and in connection therewith not to borrow any Loan
hereunder from such Lender or to prepay any Base Rate Loan made pursuant to
Section 8.02 or 8.05 (without altering the Commitments or Loans of the
remaining Lenders); provided that the
Borrower (i) notifies such Lender through the Agent of such election at
least two Euro-Dollar Business Days before any date fixed for such borrowing or
such a prepayment, as the case may be, and (ii) repays all of such Lender’s
outstanding Loans, accrued interest thereon and any other amounts then due to
such Lender or accrued for its account hereunder concurrently with such
termination.  Upon receipt by the Agent of such notice, the Commitment
of such Lender shall terminate.



ARTICLE
IX




Miscellaneous



SECTION
9.01. Notices.  (a)
Subject to Section 9.01(b), all notices, requests and other communications
to any party hereunder shall be in writing (including bank wire, facsimile
transmission or similar writing) and shall be given to such
party:  (x) in the case of the Borrower or the Agent (or the
Issuing Bank, if JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.), at its address or facsimile number
set forth on the signature pages hereof, (y) in the case of any Lender or
any Issuing Bank (other than JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.), at its address or
facsimile number set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire (or as otherwise
communicated in writing by the applicable Issuing Bank), (z) in the case of
any party, such other address or facsimile number as such party may hereafter
specify for the purpose by notice to the Agent and the Borrower.  All
notices from outside the United States to the Borrower shall only be given by
facsimile transmission.  Each such notice, request or other
communication shall be effective (i) if given by facsimile transmission,
when such facsimile transmission is transmitted to the number determined
pursuant to this Section and the appropriate answerback is received,
(ii) if given by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested,
when such return receipt is signed by the recipient or (iii) if given by
any other means, when delivered at the address specified in this Section, or, if
such date is not a business day in the location where received, on the next
business day in such location; provided that notices
to the Agent under Article II or Article VIII shall not be effective
until received.



(b) Notices
and other communications to the Lenders hereunder (including, without
limitation, the delivery of information required by Section 5.01) may be
delivered or furnished by electronic communications pursuant to procedures
approved by the Agent; provided that the
foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II



























52


unless
otherwise agreed by the Agent and the applicable Lender.  The Agent or
the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other
communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to
procedures approved by it; provided that
approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or
communications.



SECTION
9.02. No
Waivers.  No failure or delay by the Agent or any Lender or any
Issuing Bank in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder or under any
Note shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise
thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any
other right, power or privilege.  The rights and remedies herein
provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies
provided by law.



SECTION
9.03. Expenses;
Indemnification.  (a)  The Borrower shall pay
(i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Agent, including
reasonable fees and disbursements of special counsel for the Agent, in
connection with the preparation and administration of this Agreement, any waiver
or consent hereunder or any amendment hereof or any Default or alleged Default
hereunder, (ii) if an Event of Default occurs, all out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by the Agent or any Lender or any Issuing Bank, including fees and
disbursements of counsel, in connection with such Event of Default and
collection and other enforcement proceedings resulting therefrom, and (iii) all
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Issuing Bank in connection
with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or
any demand for payment thereunder.



(b) The
Borrower agrees to indemnify the Agent, each Lender and each Issuing Bank and
each of their respective Affiliates, and the directors, officers, employees,
agents and advisors of each of the foregoing (each, an “Indemnitee”) and hold
each Indemnitee harmless from and against any and all liabilities, claims,
losses, damages, penalties, costs and expenses of any kind, including, without
limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel, which may be
incurred by any Indemnitee relating to or arising out of (i) the execution or
delivery of this Agreement or the performance of the parties hereto of their
respective obligations hereunder, (ii) any actual or proposed use of proceeds of
Loans hereunder, (iii) any actual or proposed use of any Letter of Credit issued
pursuant to this Agreement (including any refusal by any Issuing Bank to honor a
demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in
connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter
of Credit) or (iv) any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating
to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and
regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that no
Indemnitee shall have the right to be indemnified hereunder for its own gross
negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower
shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any
theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages
(as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or
as a result of, this Agreement, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of
proceeds thereof.



























53





(c) The
agreements in this Section 9.03 shall survive the termination of the Commitments
and this Agreement, and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of the Loans
and all the other amounts due hereunder.



SECTION
9.04. Amendments and
Waivers.  Any provision of this Agreement or the Notes may be
amended or waived if, but only if, such amendment or waiver is in writing and is
signed by the Borrower and the Required Lenders (and, if the rights or duties of
the Agent are affected thereby, by the Agent); provided that no such
amendment or waiver shall, unless signed by each Lender directly affected
thereby, (i) increase or, other than pursuant to Section 2.06(c),
decrease the Commitment of any Lender or subject any Lender to any additional
obligation, (ii) reduce or forgive the principal of or rate of interest on
any Loan or LC Disbursement or any fees hereunder, (iii) postpone the date
fixed for any payment of principal of or interest on any Loan or LC Disbursement
or any fees hereunder or for any reduction or termination of any Commitment or
(iv) change Section 2.07(c) or Section 2.13(c) or any other provision requiring
the ratable sharing of payments or reduction of Commitments among the Lenders;
provided further that no such
amendment or waiver shall (i) unless signed by all the Lenders, amend this
Section 9.04 or otherwise change the percentage of the Commitments or of
the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans or LC Exposure, or the number
of Lenders, which shall be required for the Lenders or any of them to take any
action under this Section 9.04 or any other provision of this Agreement; or
(ii) amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of Issuing Banks
without the prior written consent of each Issuing Bank.



SECTION
9.05. Successors and
Assigns.  (a)  The provisions of this Agreement shall
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of
an Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that the Borrower may
not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder
without the prior written consent of each Lender and each Issuing Bank (and any
attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be
null and void), except as contemplated by Section 5.05.  Nothing in
this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any
Person (other than the parties hereto and their respective successors and
assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that
issues any Letter of Credit) and each Indemnitee) any legal or equitable right,
remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.



(b) Any
Lender may assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and
obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment
and the Loans at the time owing to it); provided that
(i) each of the Agent, each Issuing Bank and, except in the case of an
assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, the Borrower must give their
prior written consent to such assignment (which consents shall not be
unreasonably withheld, it being understood that it shall be reasonable for the
Borrower to withhold consent if the proposed assignee does not have an
investment grade rating), (ii) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender
or an Affiliate of a Lender or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of
the assigning Lender’s Commitment (or, if the Commitments have terminated, the
entire amount of its outstanding Loans and LC



























54


Exposure),
the amount of the Commitment (or, if the Commitments have terminated, the amount
of the outstanding Loans and LC Exposure) of the assigning Lender subject to
each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption
with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Agent) shall not be less
than $5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Agent otherwise consent,
(iii) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate
part of all the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement,
except that this clause (iii) shall not apply to rights in respect of
outstanding Money Market Loans, (iv) the parties to each assignment shall
execute and deliver to the Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a
processing and recordation fee of $3,500 (except that such fee shall not be
payable in the case of an assignment by a Lender to one of its Affiliates or to
another Lender), and (v) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall
deliver to the Agent an Administrative Questionnaire; and provided further that any
consent of the Borrower otherwise required under this Section 9.05(b) shall
not be required if an Event of Default under Section 6.01(a),
Section 6.01(b), Section 6.01(g) or Section 6.01(h) has occurred and
is continuing.  Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant
to Section 9.05(d), from and after the effective date specified in each
Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and,
to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have
the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning
Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such
Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement
(and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning
Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to
be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of
Sections 2.14, 8.03, 8.05 and 9.03).  Any assignment or transfer
by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply
with this Section 9.05(b) shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement
as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in
accordance with Section 9.05(e).



(c) The
Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at
one of its offices in The City of New York a copy of each Assignment and
Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and
addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount of the
Loans owing to and LC Exposure of, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from
time to time (the “Register”).  The
entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the
Borrower, the Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders may treat each Person
whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender
hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the
contrary.  The Register shall be available for inspection by the
Borrower, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time
to time upon reasonable prior notice.



(d) Upon its
receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning
Lender and an assignee, the assignee’s completed Administrative Questionnaire
(unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and
recordation fee referred to in Section 9.05(b) and any written consent to such
assignment required by Section 9.05(b), the Agent shall accept such
Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the
Register.  No



























55


assignment
shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in
the Register as provided in this Section 9.05(d).



(e) Any
Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower, the Issuing Banks or the Agent,
sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a “Participant”) in all
or a portion of such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement
(including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans owing to it); provided that
(i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged,
(ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties
hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the
Agent, the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and
directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and
obligations under this Agreement.  Any agreement or instrument
pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such
Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any
amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such
agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the
consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver
described in the first  proviso to Section 9.04 that affects such
Participant.  Subject to Section 9.05(f), the Borrower agrees
that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.14, 2.16,
8.03 and 8.04 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its
interest by assignment pursuant to Section 9.05(b).



(f) A
Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section
8.03 or 8.04 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with
respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the
participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower’s prior written
consent or by reason of the provisions of Section 8.02, 8.03 or 8.04
requiring such Lender to designate a different Applicable Lending Office under
certain circumstances.



(g) Any
Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any
portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender,
including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve
Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a
security interest; provided that no such
pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of
its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such
Lender as a party hereto.



SECTION
9.06. USA Patriot
Act.  Each Lender hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to
the requirements of the USA Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and
record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the
name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such
Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the requirements of the USA
Patriot Act.  The Borrower hereby agrees to cooperate with each Lender
to provide such information promptly following a request therefor from such
Lender.



























56





SECTION
9.07. Governing Law; Jurisdiction;
Consent to Service of Process.  (a)This Agreement shall be
construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New
York.



(b) Each of
the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself
and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the
State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District
Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any
thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this
Agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the
parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in
respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such
New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal
court.  Each of the parties hereto agrees, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall
be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment
or in any other manner provided by law.  Nothing in this Agreement
shall affect any right any party hereto may otherwise have to bring any action
or proceeding relating to this Agreement against any other party hereto or its
properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.



(c) Each of
the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest
extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or
hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising
out of or relating to this Agreement in any court referred to in Section
9.07(b).  Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the
fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the
maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.



(d) Each of
the parties hereto hereby irrevocably consents to service of process in the
manner provided for notices in Section 9.01.  Nothing in this
Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process
in any other manner permitted by law.



SECTION
9.08. Counterparts;
Integration.  This Agreement may be signed in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the
signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.  Delivery
of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile
transmission or other electronic transmission shall be as effective as delivery
of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. This Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto and supersedes
any and all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to
the subject matter hereof.



SECTION
9.09. Headings.  The
headings in this Agreement are for reference only and shall not affect the
interpretation of this Agreement.



SECTION
9.10. WAIVER OF JURY
TRIAL.  EACH OF THE BORROWER, THE AGENT AND THE LENDERS HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL



























57


PROCEEDING
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY.



SECTION
9.11. Confidentiality.  Each
Lender agrees to maintain and to cause its Affiliates to maintain the
confidentiality of all non-public information provided to it by the Borrower or
any Subsidiary, or by the Agent on the Borrower’s or such Subsidiary’s behalf,
under this Agreement, and neither it nor any of its Affiliates shall use any
such information other than in connection with or in enforcement of this
Agreement or in connection with other business now or hereafter existing or
contemplated with the Borrower or any Subsidiary; except to the extent such
information (i) was or becomes generally available to the public other than as a
result of disclosure by such Lender or its Affiliates or their respective
directors, officers, employees and agents, or (ii) was or becomes available
on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries so long as such source is not, to the knowledge of such Lender,
prohibited from disclosing such information by a legal, contractual or fiduciary
obligation to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates; provided, however, that any
Lender may disclose such information (A) at the request or pursuant to any
requirement of any self-regulatory body, governmental body, agency or official
to which such Lender or any of its Affiliates is subject or in connection with
an examination of such Lender or Affiliate thereof by any such authority or
body; (B) pursuant to subpoena or other court process; (C) when
require to do so in accordance with the provisions of any applicable requirement
of law; (D) to the extent reasonably required in connection with any
litigation or proceeding to which the Agent, any Lender or their respective
Affiliates may be party; (E) to the extent reasonably required in
connection with the exercise of any remedy hereunder; (F) to such Lender’s
independent auditors, counsel, and any other professional advisors of such
Lender who are advised of the confidentiality of such information; (G) to
any Participant or assignee, actual or potential or to any direct or indirect
contractual counterparties (or the professional advisors thereto) to any swap or
derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, provided that such Person
agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to keep such information confidential
to the same extent required of the Lenders hereunder; (H) as to any Lender
or its Affiliate, as expressly permitted under the terms of any other document
or agreement regarding confidentiality to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary
is party with such Lender or such Affiliate; (I) to its Affiliates and its
and its Affiliates’ directors, officers, employees and agents, provided that
each such Affiliate, director, officer, employee or agent shall keep such
information confidential to the same extent required of the Lenders hereunder;
and (J) to any other party to the Agreement.  Each Lender shall be
responsible for any breach of this Section 9.11 by any of its Affiliates or
any of its or its Affiliates’ directors, officers, employees and
agents.



SECTION
9.12. No Fiduciary
Relationship.  The Borrower, on behalf of itself and the
Subsidiaries, agrees that in connection with all aspects of the transactions
contemplated hereby and any communications in connection therewith, the
Borrower, the Subsidiaries and their Affiliates, on the one hand, and the
Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and their Affiliates, on the
other hand, will have a business relationship that does not create, by
implication or otherwise, any fiduciary duty on the part of the Administrative
Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Bank or their Affiliates, and no



























58


such duty
will be deemed to have arisen in connection with any such transactions or
communications.
































59


IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly
executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first
above written.












AETNA INC.,




by	 /s/
Alfred P. Quirk, Jr.
Name:
Alfred P. Quirk, Jr.
Title:
Vice President, Finance and Treasurer














Aetna
Inc.

151
Farmington Avenue, RE2T

Hartford,
CT 06156

Attention
: Vice President, Finance

Fax:  (860)
273-1314



with
a copy to:

Aetna
Inc.

151
Farmington Avenue, RC6A

Hartford,
CT 06156

Attention:
General Counsel

Fax:
(860) 273-8340






































60











JPMORGAN
CHASE BANK, N.A., individually and as Agent




by


/s/
Dawn Lee Lum





Name:
Dawn Lee Lum





Title:
Executive Director












JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A.

270
Park Avenue

New
York, NY 10017

Attention:
Dawn Lee Lum

Fax:
(212) 270-3279

Email:
dawn.leelum@jpmorgan.com



with
a copy to:



JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A. Loan & Agency Services

1111
Fannin, 10th Floor

Houston,
TX 77002

Attention:
Sharon Craft

Fax:
(713) 750-2666

Email:
sharon.p.craft@jpmchase.com



for
notice to it as Issuing Bank:



JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A.

10420
Highland Manor Drive

4th
Floor

Tampa,
FL 33610

Attention:
Stephen Carew

Fax:
(813) 432-5161/5165

Email:
stephen.m.carew@jpmorgan.com














































SIGNATURE
PAGE TO AETNA INC. CREDIT AGREEMENT DATED AS OF March 27, 2008






Name
of Institution:


MORGAN
STANLEY BANK












by


/s/
Daniel Twenge





Name:
Daniel Twenge





Title:
Authorized Signatory














Name
of Institution:


LEHMAN
BROTHERS BANK, FSB












by


/s/
Janine M. Shugan





Name:
Janine M. Shugan





Title:
Authorized Signatory














Name
of Institution:


SunTrust
Bank












by


/s/
William D. Priester





Name:
William D. Priester





Title:
Managing Director














Name
of Institution:


William
Street LLC












by


/s/
Mark Walton





Name:
Mark Walton





Title:
Authorized Signatory














Name
of Institution:


Fifth
Third Bank












by


/s/
Jeffrey A. Thieman





Name:
Jeffrey A. Thieman





Title:
Vice President














Name
of Institution:


The
Bank of New York












by


/s/
Richard G. Shaw





Name:
Richard G. Shaw





Title:
Vice President










































Name
of Institution:


CREDIT
SUISSE, Cayman Islands Branch












by


/s/
Karim Blasetti





Name:
Karim Blasetti





Title:
Vice President












by


/s/
Laurence Lapeyre





Name:
Laurence Lapeyre





Title:
Associate














Name
of Institution:


Webster
Bank, National Association












by


/s/
Lawrence Davis





Name:
Lawrence Davis





Title:
Vice President














Name
of Institution:


BARCLAYS
BANK PLC












by


/s/
Nicholas Bell





Name:
Nicholas Bell





Title:
Director














Name
of Institution:


The
Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, LTD.

New
York Branch

As
Managing Agent












by


/s/
Scott Schaffer





Name:
Scott Schaffer





Title:
Authorized Signatory














Name
of Institution:


State
Street Bank and Trust Company












by


/s/
Edward M. Anderson





Name:
Edward M. Anderson





Title:
Vice President













































Name
of Institution:


WACHOVIA
BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION












by


/s/
Robert G. McGill Jr.





Name:
Robert G. McGill Jr.





Title:
Director














Name
of Institution:


UBS
LOAN FINANCE LLC












by


/s/
Irja R. Otsa





Name:
Irja R. Otsa





Title:
Associate Director












*
by


/s/
Mary E. Evans





Name:
Mary E. Evans





Title:
Associate Director














Name
of Institution:


Bank
of America, N.A.












by


/s/
Alysa Trakas





Name:
Alysa Trakas





Title:
Vice President














Name
of Institution:


Greenwich
Capital Markets, Inc. as agent for

The
Royal Bank of Scotland plc












by


/s/
George Urban





Name:
George Urban





Title:
Vice President














Name
of Institution:


Wells
Fargo Bank, N.A.












by


/s/
Elizabeth S. Collins





Name:
Elizabeth S. Collins





Title:
Senior Vice President/Loan Team
Manager










































Name
of Institution:


NATIONAL
CITY BANK












by


/s/
Gustavus A. Bahr





Name:
Gustavus A. Bahr





Title:
Senior Vice President














Name
of Institution:


CITIBANK,
N.A.












by


/s/
Maria Hackley





Name:
Maria Hackley





Title:
Managing Director














Name
of Institution:


U.S.
Bank National Association












by


/s/
Christopher T. Kordes





Name:
Christopher T. Kordes





Title:
Senior Vice President














Name
of Institution:


PNCBANK,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION












by


/s/
Edward J. Chidiac





Name:
Edward J. Chidiac





Title:
Managing Director








*  For
use by any Lender requiring a second signature line.




























