






Credit Agreement


EXHIBIT 10.2

CREDIT AGREEMENT

dated as of August 9, 2005

between

INERGY HOLDINGS, L.P.

and

SOUTHWEST BANK OF ST.
LOUIS



$25,000,000 Term Loan Facility








CREDIT AGREEMENT

This Credit Agreement is made as of August 9, 2005, by and between INERGY HOLDINGS, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership
(the “Borrower”), with its chief executive office located at Two Brush Creek Boulevard, Suite 200, Kansas City, Missouri 64112, and SOUTHWEST BANK OF ST. LOUIS, a Missouri banking corporation (the “Bank”), with an
office located at 2301 S. Kingshighway Blvd., St. Louis, Missouri 63110.

Preliminary Statements

(a) The Borrower desires to obtain a term loan credit facility from the Bank.

(b) The Bank is willing to extend credit to the Borrower, but only on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises set forth in this Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

Section 1
General Definitions

1.1 Definitions. When used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings:

“5-Year Credit Agreement” means the 5-Year Credit
Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2004, among Inergy L.P., the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, Lehman Commercial Paper Inc. and Wachovia Bank, National Association, as co-syndication agents, and Fleet
National Bank and Bank of Oklahoma, National Association, as co-documentation agents.

“Adjusted Base Rate” means, on any date, the sum of (1) the Base Rate on such date, and (2) the Applicable Margin for Base Rate Loans on such date.

“Adjusted Libor Rate” means, on any date during any Interest
Period, the sum of (1) the Libor Rate for such Interest Period, and (2) the Applicable Margin for Libor Loans on such date.

“Affiliate” means a Person (1) which owns or otherwise has an interest in ten percent or more of any equity interest of the Borrower, (2)
ten percent or more of the equity interests of which the Borrower (or any shareholder or other equity holder, director, officer, employee or subsidiary of the Borrower or any combination thereof) owns or otherwise has an interest in, or (3) which,
directly or through one or more intermediaries, is controlled by, controls, or is under common control with the Borrower. For purposes of subpart (3) above, “control” means the ability, directly or indirectly, to affect the management or
policies of a Person by virtue of an ownership interest, by right of contract or any other means.

“Agreement” means this Credit Agreement, as amended, renewed, restated, consolidated, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time.


“Applicable Margin” means, on any date, (1)
in the case of any Base Rate Loans, 0%, and (2) in the case of any Libor Loans, 2.75%; provided, however, that, if the Applicable Margin Calculation Certificate delivered by the Borrower to the Bank for its most recently ended four fiscal
quarters demonstrates that the Leverage Ratio for such preceding four fiscal quarters was within any of the ranges set forth below, then the Applicable Margin from and after the first day of the first full month after the








date the Bank receives the Applicable Margin Calculation Certificate shall be reduced to (if such is the case) and shall equal, for all Libor Loans, the
amount set forth below opposite the Leverage Ratio for such preceding four fiscal quarters.



Level

Leverage Ratio

Applicable
Margin for
Libor Loans


I.	    	greater than 3 to 1	 	2.75	%

II.	    	 greater than 2.5 to 1
but less than or
equal to 3 to 1
2.5	%

III.	    	 greater than 2 to 1
but less than or
equal to 2.5 to 1
2.25	%

IV.	    	 greater than 1.75 to 1
but less than or
equal to 2 to 1
2	%

V.	    	 less than or equal
to 1.75 to 1
1.75	%


; provided, further, that (a)
from the Closing Date to August 31, 2005, the Applicable Margin for all Libor Loans shall be that set forth in Level IV above, and (b) if the Borrower fails to timely deliver an Applicable Margin Calculation Certificate to the Bank, or the Bank
reasonably disputes the calculations set forth therein or the accuracy of the related financial statements (and the Borrower fails, within ten Business Days after being notified by the Bank of such dispute, to provide information reasonably
satisfactory to the Bank in support of such calculations or of the accuracy of such financial statements, as the case may be), then the Applicable Margin for all Libor Loans from and after the first day of the first full month after the latest date
the Bank could have received the Applicable Margin Calculation Certificate in compliance with Section 6.1(b) hereof shall be the Applicable Margin set forth in Level I above.

“Applicable Margin Calculation Certificate” means a certificate, signed by the chief financial officer,
corporate controller or other authorized officer of the Borrower, and reasonably acceptable in form and content to the Bank, which demonstrates, for any particular fiscal quarter, the Applicable Margin for the Borrower’s most recently ended
four fiscal quarters, together with such financial statements and supporting detail as the Bank may reasonably request from time to time.

“Applicable Rate” means, on any date, (1) with respect to each Libor Loan, the Adjusted Libor Rate for such Libor Loan on such date, and
(2) with respect to each Base Rate Loan, the Adjusted Base Rate on such date. The parties acknowledge that the Applicable Margin for a Libor Loan may change during the Interest Period for such Libor Loan and that, in such event, the Applicable Rate
for such Libor Loan will change during such Interest Period.

“Base Rate” means the rate of interest announced publicly by the Bank from time to time as its prime rate or other designation in replacement of the prime rate announced publicly by the Bank. The Base Rate may fluctuate as
frequently as daily, and any change in the Base Rate shall take effect on the day any change in the prime rate or such replacement rate occurs. The Base Rate is only a reference rate and may not be the lowest rate offered by the Bank.


Credit Agreement – Page 2







“Business Day” means a day on which the Bank is open for business to the general public
other than a Saturday or Sunday.

“Closing
Date” means the date of this Agreement, as set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.

“Collateral” means all property with respect to which a Lien has been granted to or for the benefit of the Bank pursuant to the Pledge
Agreements or any of the other Credit Documents or which otherwise secures the payment or performance of any Obligation.

“Common Units” means the common units of Inergy, L.P., as referred to in the Inergy, L.P. Partnership Agreement.

“Covenant Compliance Certificate” means a certificate, in
favor of the Bank, signed by the chief financial officer, corporate controller or other authorized officer of the Borrower, in such form as the Bank may reasonably request from time to time, which sets forth in reasonable detail the computations
necessary to determine whether the Borrower is in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in this Agreement for the relevant time period.

“Credit Documents” means this Agreement, the Note, the Guaranty, the Pledge Agreements and any other agreements or documents existing on
or after the Closing Date evidencing, securing, guaranteeing or otherwise relating to any of the transactions described in or contemplated by this Agreement, and any amendments, renewals, restatements, replacements, consolidations or other
modifications of any of the foregoing from time to time.

“Credit Parties” means, collectively, the Borrower, IPCH and NIP.

“Debt” means any of the following: (1) indebtedness or liability for borrowed money; (2) obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures,
notes or other similar instruments; (3) obligations for the deferred purchase price of property or services, or arising out of non-compete agreements entered into in connection with asset or equity acquisitions; (4) obligations as lessee under
capital leases; (5) current liabilities in respect of unfunded vested benefits under Plans covered by ERISA; (6) obligations under letters of credit or acceptance facilities; (7) all guarantees, endorsements (other than for collection or deposit in
the ordinary course of business) and other contingent obligations to purchase, to provide funds for payment, to supply funds to invest in any Person, or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss; and (8) obligations secured by a Lien, whether or
not the obligations have been assumed.

“Default” means an event or condition the occurrence of which would, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both, become an Event of Default.

“Default Rate” has the meaning provided in Section 3.1 of this Agreement.

“Environmental Laws” means all federal, state, local and
other applicable statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, judicial orders or decrees, common law theories of liability, governmental or quasi-governmental directives or notices or other laws or matters existing on or after the Closing Date relating
in any respect to occupational safety, health or environmental protection.


Credit Agreement – Page 3







“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time
to time, and all rules and regulations from time to time promulgated thereunder.

“Eurocurrency Reserve Requirement” means, for any Libor Loan for any Interest Period therefor, the daily average of the stated maximum rate (expressed as a decimal) at which reserves (including any
marginal, supplemental or emergency reserves) are required to be maintained during such Interest Period under Regulation D by member banks of the Federal Reserve System in New York City with deposits exceeding one billion dollars against
“Eurocurrency liabilities” (as such term is used in Regulation D) but without benefit or credit of proration, exemptions or offsets that might otherwise be available from time to time under Regulation D. Without limiting the effect of the
foregoing, the Eurocurrency Reserve Requirement shall reflect any other reserves required to be maintained against (1) any category of liabilities that includes deposits by reference to which the Libor Rate for Libor Loans is to be determined, or
(2) any category of extension of credit or other assets that include Libor Loans.

“Event of Default” has the meaning provided in Section 7.1 of this Agreement.

“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time in the United States of America.

“Guarantors” means IPCH and NIP and any other Person who,
after the Closing Date, may guarantee the payment or performance of all or any part of the Obligations.

“Guaranty” means, collectively, each guaranty to be executed by a Guarantor on or about the Closing Date, and any other guaranty executed
by any Guarantor after the Closing Date, and any amendments, renewals, restatements, replacements, consolidations or other modifications of any of the foregoing from time to time.

“Hazardous Substance” means any hazardous, toxic, dangerous or otherwise environmentally unsound substance,
waste or other material, in whatever form, as defined or described in, or contemplated by, any Environmental Law and any other hazardous, toxic, dangerous or otherwise environmentally unsound substance, waste or other material in whatever form, or
any other substance, waste or other material regulated by any Environmental Law.

“Holdings Cash Flow” means, for any period, (1) all cash distributions received from Inergy, L.P. by the Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries (excluding, however, Inergy, L.P. and its direct or
indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries) during such period, less (2) all operating expenses (excluding interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) of the Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries (excluding, however, Inergy, L.P. and its
direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries) during such period.

“Holdings Debt” means Debt of the Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, excluding, however, all Debt of Inergy, L.P. and its direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries.

“Holdings Pledge Agreement” means the Pledge Agreement to be
executed by the Borrower on or about the Closing Date in favor of the Bank and by which the Borrower shall grant to the Bank, as security for the Obligations, a security interest in, among other things, certain Senior Subordinated Units and Junior
Subordinated Units owned by the Borrower, as the same may be amended, renewed, replaced, restated, consolidated or otherwise modified from time to time.


“Inergy, L.P.” means Inergy, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership.


Credit Agreement – Page 4







“Inergy, L.P. Partnership Agreement” means the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of
Limited Partnership of Inergy, L.P., dated as of January 7, 2004, as amended by (1) Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Inergy, L.P., dated as of February 9, 2004, and (2) Amendment No. 2 to Second
Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Inergy, L.P., dated as of January 21, 2005.

“Interest Period” means, with respect to any Libor Loan, the period commencing on the date such Loan is made and ending (as the Borrower
may select pursuant to Section 3.7) on the numerically corresponding day in the first, third or sixth calendar month thereafter, except that each Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on any day for which
there is no numerically corresponding day in the appropriate subsequent calendar month) shall end on the last Business Day of the appropriate subsequent calendar month; provided, however, that (1) no Interest Period may extend beyond the
Termination Date, and (2) if an Interest Period would end on a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next Business Day unless such Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which event such
Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day.

“IPCH” means IPCH Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation.

“Junior Subordinated Units” means the junior subordinated units of Inergy, L.P., as referred to in the Inergy, L.P. Partnership Agreement.

“Leverage Ratio” means, on any date, the ratio of (1) Holdings Debt as of the last day of the most recently
ended fiscal quarter of the Borrower, to (2) Holdings Cash Flow, for the Borrower’s four fiscal quarters then most recently ended.

“Libor Loan” means any one or more tranches of the Term Loan, as described in Section 2.3 of this Agreement, with respect to which
interest accrues at the Adjusted Libor Rate.

“Libor
Rate” means, for any Interest Period, the rate per annum determined by the Bank to equal the quotient of (1) the London interbank offered rate for dollars for such Interest Period, as quoted in the “Money Rates” section of The
Wall Street Journal or by Bloomberg, Telerate or any other financial news services (electronic or otherwise) used by the Bank from time to time in accordance with commercially reasonable industry standards, divided by (2) one minus the
Eurocurrency Reserve Requirement for such Interest Period.

“Lien” means any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, security interest, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), or preference, priority, or other security agreement or
preferential arrangement, charge or encumbrance of any kind or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the
foregoing, or the filing of any financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code or comparable law of any jurisdiction to evidence any of the foregoing.

“Loan” means the Term Loan or, depending on the context in which such term is used, any Libor Loan or Base Rate Loan which comprises the
Term Loan. “Loans” means all Libor Loans and all Base Rate Loans which comprise the Term Loan. All Loans shall be Libor Loans, except as otherwise provided in Section 3.11 of this Agreement.

“LTV Ratio” has the meaning provided in Section 3.4 of this
Agreement.


Credit Agreement – Page 5







“Material Adverse Effect” means (1) a material adverse effect on the assets,
liabilities, business, prospects, operations, income or condition, financial or otherwise, of a Credit Party or Inergy, L.P., (2) a material impairment of the ability of a Credit Party to pay, perform or observe its obligations under the Credit
Documents, or (3) a material impairment of the enforceability or availability of the rights or remedies stated to be available to the Bank under the Credit Documents.

“NIP” means New Inergy Propane, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

“NIP Pledge Agreement” means the Pledge Agreement to be
executed by NIP on or about the Closing Date in favor of the Bank and by which NIP shall grant to the Bank, as security for the Obligations, a security interest in, among other things, certain Common Units, Senior Subordinated Units and Junior
Subordinated Units owned by NIP, as the same may be amended, renewed, replaced, restated, consolidated or otherwise modified from time to time.

“Note” means the Term Loan Note.

“Obligations” means the Loan and all other advances, debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties owing, arising, due or payable
from the Borrower to the Bank of any kind or nature, existing or future, whether or not evidenced by any note, letter of credit, guaranty or other instrument, whether arising under this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents or otherwise and
whether direct or indirect (including, without limitation, those acquired by assignment), absolute or contingent, primary or secondary, due or to become due, existing on or after the Closing Date and however acquired, and all amendments, renewals,
restatements, replacements or other modifications of the foregoing from time to time. The term includes, without limitation, all principal, interest, fees, expenses and any other sums chargeable to the Borrower under any of the Credit Documents.


“Permitted Debt” means any of the following:
(1) Debt to the Bank, (2) Permitted Enterprise Bank Debt, and (3) other Debt approved in advance by the Bank in writing in the exercise of its sole and absolute discretion and subject to such terms and conditions, including, without limitation,
subordination terms, as the Bank may require.

“Permitted Enterprise Bank Debt” means (1) the Debt and other obligations evidenced by or arising under the Credit Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2005, among the Borrower, IPCH and Enterprise Bank & Trust and/or the
other Credit Documents referred to therein, as such Credit Agreement and/or other Credit Documents may be amended, renewed, restated, replaced, consolidated or otherwise modified from time to time, provided that the principal amount of such Debt
does not exceed $20,000,000, and (2) any subsequent refinancings of the Debt described in subpart (1) immediately above, provided that the maximum principal amount of such refinanced Debt does not exceed $20,000,000.

“Permitted Enterprise Bank Liens” means Liens in favor of
Enterprise Bank & Trust, as security for the Permitted Enterprise Bank Debt, encumbering the following securities and proceeds thereof: (1) 6,526 Common Units and 21,588 Senior Subordinated Units owned by the Borrower; (2) 789,202 Common Units
owned by IPCH; and (3) 238,272 Common Units and 627,380 Senior Subordinated Units owned by NIP; provided, however, that none of the foregoing securities or proceeds thereof are Collateral which has been encumbered in favor of the Bank
pursuant to any of the Pledge Agreements.

“Permitted Liens” means any of the following: (1) Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges not delinquent or being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves in
accordance with GAAP are maintained on a Person’s books; (2) Liens arising out of deposits in connection with workers’ compensation, unemployment insurance, old age pensions or other social security or retirement benefits legislation; (3)
deposits or pledges to secure bids, tenders, contracts



Credit Agreement – Page 6








(other than contracts for the payment of money), leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, and other obligations of like nature arising in the
ordinary course of a Person’s business; (4) Liens imposed by law, such as mechanics’, workers’, materialmen’s, carriers’ or other like Liens (excluding, however, any Lien in favor of a landlord) arising in the ordinary
course of a Person’s business which secure the payment of obligations which are not past due or which are being diligently contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are maintained
on such Person’s books; (5) to the extent the same constitutes a Lien, the transfer restrictions set forth in the Inergy, L.P. Partnership Agreement with respect to the Common Units, the Senior Subordinated Units and the Junior Subordinated
Units; (6) Permitted Enterprise Bank Liens; and (7) Liens in favor of the Bank.

“Person” means an individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, trust, governmental entity or any other entity, organization or group whatsoever.

“Plan” means an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section
3(3) of ERISA) maintained for employees of the Borrower on or after the Closing Date.

“Pledge Agreements” means the Holdings Pledge Agreement and the NIP Pledge Agreement.

“Pledged Collateral Market Value” means, at any date, the value on such date of the Common Units, the Senior Subordinated Units and the
Junior Subordinated Units which have been pledged by the Credit Parties to the Bank and with respect to which the Bank has a perfected Lien (and, if such Lien is capable of being perfected by control under UCC §8-106(b)(1), with such Lien being
so perfected), as security for the Obligations, subject to no other Liens. For purposes of the preceding sentence, (1) the value of Common Units on any date shall be the closing price for such Common Units as reflected on the NASDAQ securities
exchange on such date, (2) the value of Senior Subordinated Units on any date shall be deemed to equal 90% of the value of the Common Units on such date, and (3) the value of the Junior Subordinated Units on any date shall be deemed to equal 85% of
the value of the Common Units on such date.

“Regulatory Change” means any change after the Closing Date in federal, state, local or foreign laws or regulations (including, without limitation, Regulation D), or the adoption or making after such date of any
interpretations, directives or requirements applying to a class of banks including the Bank under any federal, state, local or foreign laws or regulations (whether or not having the force of law) by any court or governmental or monetary authority
charged with the interpretation or administration thereof.

“Regulation D” means Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as amended or supplemented from time to time.

“Senior Subordinated Units” means the senior subordinated units of Inergy, L.P., as described in the
Inergy, L.P. Partnership Agreement.

“Term
Loan” has the meaning provided in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement.

“Term Loan Note” has the meaning provided in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

“Termination Date” means three years after the Closing Date.

“UCC” means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of Missouri from time to time.



Credit Agreement – Page 7







1.2 Accounting Terms; Other. All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be
construed in accordance with GAAP. Unless the context clearly requires otherwise, all references to “dollars” or “$” are to United States dollars. This Agreement and the other Credit Documents shall be construed without regard to
any presumption or rule requiring construction against the party causing any such document or any portion thereof to be drafted. The Section and other headings in this Agreement and any index at the beginning of this Agreement are for convenience of
reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect any of the terms of this Agreement. Similarly, any page footers or headers or similar word processing, document or page identification numbers in this Agreement or any index or exhibit are for
convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect any of the terms of this Agreement, nor shall there be any requirement that any such footers or other numbers be consistent from page to page. Unless the context clearly requires
otherwise, any reference to a Section of this Agreement refers to all Sections and Subsections thereunder. Any pronoun used herein shall be deemed to cover all genders. Defined terms used in this Agreement may be set forth in Section 1.1 or other
Sections of this Agreement, and all such definitions defined in the singular shall have a corresponding meaning when used in the plural and vice versa.

Section 2
Credit Facility


2.1 General. The Bank agrees, subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement, to make a credit facility available to the Borrower upon its request therefor, as provided in this Section 2.

2.2 Term Loan.

(a) General. The Bank agrees, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, to make a term loan (the “Term Loan”) to the
Borrower on or about the Closing Date in the principal amount of $25,000,000. In no event shall the Bank be obligated to make the Term Loan if (1) any Default or Event of Default exists or would result from the making of the Term Loan, or (2) after
giving effect to the disbursement of the Term Loan on or about the Closing Date, the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan would exceed 80% of the Pledged Collateral Market Value on such date. Principal borrowed and repaid under the Term
Loan may not be re-borrowed.

(b) Term Loan Note. The
Term Loan shall be evidenced by, and shall be payable in accordance with the terms and conditions of, a promissory note substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto (as amended, renewed, restated, replaced, consolidated or otherwise modified from
time to time, the “Term Loan Note”).

2.3
Libor Loan Tranches. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Borrower may periodically select, in accordance with Section 3.7 hereof, to have the principal amount of the Loan or one or more portions thereof made or
continued as Libor Loans; provided, however, that (a) not more than five portions of the principal amount of the Loan may be outstanding as Libor Loans at any time; (b) a Libor Loan may be converted into a Base Rate Loan to the extent
permitted under Section 3.11 of this Agreement; and (c) except as otherwise provided in Section 3.11 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not have the right to request that the principal amount of the Loan or any portion of it be disbursed or
continued as or converted into a Base Rate Loan.


Credit Agreement – Page 8







Section 3
Finance Charges, Repayment And Other Terms

3.1 Interest Rate.

(a)
Applicable Rate. Interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal balance of each Loan at the end of each day at the Applicable Rate in effect on such day.

(b) Default Rate. Upon or after the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, the principal
amount of each Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to three percent (3.0%) above the interest rate that would otherwise apply under Section 3.1(a) above (the “Default Rate”).

(c) Late Fee. In addition to interest payable at the Default Rate or
any other amounts payable under this Agreement or the other Credit Documents, the Borrower shall pay to the Bank a late fee in an amount equal to five percent (5%) of the amount of each payment due by the Borrower under this Agreement which is not
received by the Bank within five (5) days after its due date.

(d) Computation of Interest. In all cases, interest on the outstanding principal balance of each Loan and all other Obligations with respect to which interest accrues pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be calculated on a
daily basis, computed on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual number of days elapsed.

(e) Usury. In no contingency or event whatsoever shall the aggregate of all amounts deemed interest hereunder or under the Note and charged or collected pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other
Credit Documents exceed the highest rate permissible under any law which a court of competent jurisdiction shall, in a final determination, deem applicable thereto. If such a court determines that the Bank has charged or received interest hereunder
or under the other Credit Documents from the Borrower in excess of the highest applicable rate, the Bank shall apply such excess to any other Obligations then due and payable, whether for principal, interest, fees or otherwise, and shall refund the
remainder of such excess interest, if any, to the Borrower, and such rate shall automatically be reduced to the maximum rate permitted by such law.

3.2 Payments of Principal, Interest and Costs. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Borrower agrees to pay the Obligations as
follows:

(a) Interest: Generally End of Interest Period
But At Least Quarterly. Accrued interest on the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan is payable on the earlier to occur of (1) in the case of a Libor Loan that has a one-month or three-month Interest Period, the end of such Interest
Period, (2) in the case of a Libor Loan that has a six-month Interest Period, three months after the date such Libor Loan is made or continued, as the case may be, and at the end of such Interest Period, or (3) the Termination Date. Accrued interest
on the outstanding principal balance of any portion of the Term Loan that is a Base Rate Loan is payable on the earlier to occur of (1) the first day of each calendar quarter, or (2) the Termination Date.

(b) Principal. The outstanding principal balance of the Loan is
payable on the Termination Date.

(c) Other Obligations.
Costs, fees and expenses and any other Obligations payable pursuant to this Agreement or the other Credit Documents shall be payable as and when provided in this Agreement or the other Credit Documents, as the case may be, or, if no specific
provision for payment is made, on demand.


Credit Agreement – Page 9







3.3 Voluntary Prepayments. The Borrower has the right, without penalty or premium (except as
otherwise provided in subpart (2) immediately below), to prepay the Loan, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time after the Closing Date on the following terms and conditions: (1) the Borrower shall give the Bank at least three
Business Days’ prior written notice of its intent to prepay any Libor Loan, which notice shall specify the amount of the Loan to be prepaid and the specific Libor Loan to which the prepayment relates; and (2) if the Borrower prepays all or any
part of a Libor Loan on any day other than the last day of then-current Interest Period for such Libor Loan, the Borrower shall pay to the Bank the amounts due the Bank under such circumstances in accordance with Section 3.11 of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything in this Section 3.3 to the contrary, the Borrower has the right, without penalty or premium, to prepay any Base Rate Loan, in whole or in any part, at any time.

3.4 Mandatory Prepayments; Decline in Market Value of Pledged Collateral. If, at any time, the outstanding principal
balance of the Loan exceeds 80% of the Pledged Collateral Market Value (such ratio of the outstanding principal balance of the Loan to the Pledged Collateral Market Value being referred to herein as the “LTV Ratio”), the Borrower
shall, within 10 days thereafter, either (1) prepay the Loan in an amount sufficient to reduce the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loan by an amount equal to such excess, or (2) pledge additional Collateral (subject to Section 3.12 below)
to the Bank in an amount sufficient to increase the Pledged Collateral Market Value so as to be in compliance with the foregoing 80% LTV Ratio.

3.5 Method of Payment. Payments due the Bank under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents shall be made in immediately available funds to
the Bank at its office described in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement unless the Bank gives notice to the contrary. Payments so received at or before 1:00 p.m. Kansas City time on any Business Day shall be deemed to have been received by
the Bank on that Business Day. Payments received after 1:00 p.m. Kansas City time on any Business Day shall be deemed to have been received on the next Business Day, and interest, if payable in respect of such payment, shall accrue thereon until
such next Business Day.

3.6 Use of Proceeds.


(a) General. The Loan shall be used by the Borrower
solely for purposes of (1) making a capital contribution to Inergy, L.P., in exchange for equity interests of Inergy, L.P. (provided that Inergy L.P., in turn, uses such contributed funds in connection with its acquisition of the entities that own
or the assets that comprise the Stagecoach natural gas storage facilities); and (2) paying costs and expenses incurred in connection with the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(b) No Margin Loans. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Borrower shall not, directly or indirectly, use any part of its Loan proceeds for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or to extend
credit to any Person for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any such margin stock, or for any purpose which violates, or is inconsistent with, Regulation X of such Board of Governors.

3.7 Notice and Manner of Borrowing. On or before the Closing Date, the Borrower shall give the Bank written notice
directing the application of the proceeds of the Term Loan, which notice shall also specify the number of Libor Loans of which the Term Loan shall be initially comprised and the amount of each such Libor Loan and the duration of its Interest Period.
Prior to the expiration of each such Interest Period and prior to the expiration of each subsequent Interest Period, the Borrower shall give



Credit Agreement – Page 10








the Bank written notice, not later than 12:00 noon, Kansas City time, on the last day of the then-current Interest Period, of the duration of the subsequent
Interest Period for such Libor Loan. If the Borrower fails to specify the Interest Period for a Libor Loan in accordance with the foregoing procedures, the Interest Period for such Libor Loan shall be as if the Borrower had specified a one-month
Interest Period. For purposes of this Section, the Borrower agrees that the Bank may rely and act upon any request relating to the Term Loan or any Libor Loan thereunder from any individual who the Bank, absent gross negligence or willful
misconduct, believes to be a representative of the Borrower.

3.8 Capital Adequacy. If the Bank determines that the adoption of any law, rule or regulation regarding capital adequacy, or any change therein or in the interpretation or application thereof or compliance by the Bank with any
request or directive regarding capital adequacy (whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or governmental authority, does or shall have the effect of reducing the rate of return on the Bank’s capital as a consequence of its
obligations hereunder to a level below that which the Bank could have achieved but for such adoption, change or compliance (taking into consideration the Bank’s policies with respect to capital adequacy) by an amount deemed by the Bank, in its
sole discretion, to be material, then from time to time, after submission by the Bank to the Borrower of a written demand therefor, the affected Borrower shall pay to the Bank such additional amount or amounts as will compensate the Bank for such
reduction. A certificate of the Bank claiming entitlement to payment as set forth in this Section shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. Such certificate shall set forth the nature of the occurrence giving rise to such payment, the
additional amount or amounts to be paid to the Bank, and the method by which such amounts were determined. In determining such amount, the Bank may use any reasonable averaging and attribution method.

3.9 Application of Payments and Collections. The Borrower irrevocably
waives the right to direct the application of any and all payments and collections at any time or times after the Closing Date received by the Bank from or on behalf of the Borrower, and the Borrower agrees that the Bank has the continuing exclusive
right to apply and reapply any and all such payments and collections received at any time or times after the Closing Date by the Bank or its agent against the Obligations owing by the Borrower, in such manner as the Bank may deem advisable,
notwithstanding any entry by the Bank upon any of its books and records.

3.10 Periodic Statement. The Bank will account to the Borrower with a periodic statement of loan balances, charges and payments made or received pursuant to this Agreement, and any such statement rendered by
the Bank shall be deemed final, binding and conclusive upon the Borrower unless the Bank is notified by the Borrower in writing to the contrary within 60 days after the date each such statement is made available to the Borrower. Any such notice by
the Borrower shall only be deemed an objection to those items specifically objected to in such notice.

3.11 Libor Loan Provisions.

(a) Continuation and Conversion; Number of Loans. The Borrower has the right, by giving notice to the Bank, to continue an existing Libor Loan at
the end of an Interest Period into a Libor Loan for a subsequent Interest Period subject to the terms and conditions of Section 3.7 of this Agreement. In no event may more than five Libor Loans be outstanding at any time.

(b) Market Disruption. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, if, prior to the determination of any Libor Rate for any Interest Period, the Bank determines (which determination shall be conclusive) that any condition exists which impairs the Bank’s ability to readily or reliably ascertain the
Applicable Rate for Libor Loans (whether due to disruption in the relevant markets, suspension of quotations, or otherwise), then the Bank shall give the Borrower prompt notice thereof, and so long as such condition remains in effect, the Bank shall
be under no obligation to continue Libor Loans, and the Borrower shall, on the last day of the then current Interest Period, either prepay such Libor Loans or convert such Libor Loans into Base Rate Loans.


Credit Agreement – Page 11







(c) Illegality; Regulatory Change. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if it becomes
unlawful for the Bank to honor its obligation to maintain Libor Loans hereunder, then the Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Bank’s obligation to continue Libor Loans shall be suspended until such time as the Bank may again
lawfully maintain Libor Loans and the then outstanding Libor Loans shall be converted into Base Rate Loans in accordance with Subsection (d) immediately below. Furthermore, if, by reason of any Regulatory Change, the Bank becomes subject to
restrictions on the amount of a category of deposits or liabilities which it may hold which includes deposits by reference to which the interest rate on Libor Loans is determined as provided in this Agreement or a category of assets of the Bank
which includes Libor Loans, then, if the Bank so elects by notice to the Borrower, the obligation of the Bank to continue Libor Loans shall be suspended until such Regulatory Change ceases to be in effect; and all Libor Loans then outstanding shall
be converted into Base Rate Loans.

(d) Affected Loans.
If Libor Loans (such Loans being herein called “Affected Loans”) are to be converted pursuant to Subsections (b) or (c) immediately above, the Affected Loans shall be automatically converted into Base Rate Loans on the last day(s)
of the then current Interest Period(s) for the Affected Loans (or, in the case of a Loan converted under Subsection (c) immediately above, such earlier date as the Bank may specify to the Borrower) and, unless and until the Bank gives notice as
provided below that the circumstances specified in Subsections (b) or (c) immediately above which gave rise to such conversion no longer exist: (1) to the extent that the Affected Loans have been so converted, all payments and prepayments of
principal which would otherwise be applied to the Affected Loans shall be applied instead to Base Rate Loans; and (2) all Loans which would otherwise be continued by the Bank as Libor Loans shall be continued instead as Base Rate Loans. The Bank
agrees to give notice to the Borrower promptly after the circumstances specified in Subsections (b) or (c) immediately above which give rise to the conversion or non-continuation of the Affected Loans pursuant to this Section no longer exist.


(e) Breakage Costs; Funding Indemnification. If any
payment or prepayment is made or applied in respect of any Libor Loan before the last day of the applicable Interest Period (whether due to voluntary prepayment, acceleration of the Loan, or otherwise), the Borrower shall pay to the Bank if the Bank
so requests, as liquidated damages for the loss of the bargain and/or anticipated resulting damages and not as a penalty, an amount which, when added to the interest otherwise accruing at the Applicable Rate in respect of such Loan, would enable the
Bank to realize the Base Rate on the principal amount of such Loan for the entirety of such Interest Period; provided, however, that the Borrower shall not be obligated to pay any liquidated damages or other amounts under this Subsection (e)
solely because a Libor Loan was converted to a Base Rate Loan by virtue of the provisions of Subsections (b) or (c) immediately above.

3.12 Conversion of All Subordinated Units to Common Units; Partial Release of Collateral. If (a) all Collateral consisting of Senior Subordinated
Units and all Collateral consisting of Junior Subordinated Units are converted by the issuer thereof to Common Units, and (b) the Borrower causes the certificates evidencing all such converted Common Units to be delivered to the Bank, together with
such executed blank stock powers or the like relating thereto as the Bank may reasonably request, such that the Bank has a perfected first priority Lien on such converted Common Units subject to no other Lien with the Bank’s Lien being
perfected by “control” within the meaning of UCC §8-106(b)(1), and (c) at the time of the Borrower’s satisfaction of the requirements of subpart (b) immediately above (the “Delivery Date”), the LTV Ratio is less
than 60%, then the Bank shall cause its Lien to be released on such portion of the Collateral selected by the Bank as is necessary to cause the LTV Ratio to equal but not exceed 60% as of the Delivery Date (and, in connection
therewith, return to the applicable Credit Party the



Credit Agreement – Page 12








certificate(s) representing such released Collateral); provided, however, that (1) the Bank shall not be obligated to release any Lien if any Default
or Event of Default exists on the Delivery Date; and (2) if the number of units represented by a certificate representing any particular Collateral is such that, were the Bank to release its Lien on all of the units represented by such certificate,
the LTV Ratio would exceed 60% (the number of units represented by such certificate which cause the LTV ratio to exceed 60% being referred to herein as the “Excess Units”), the Bank shall not be obligated to release its Lien on such
certificate (the “Original Pledged Certificate”) unless (i) the issuer of the Original Pledged Certificate or its transfer agent first agrees in a writing reasonably acceptable to the Bank to re-issue such certificate into two
certificates and to return the certificate evidencing the Excess Units to the applicable Credit Party and to return the certificate evidencing the remaining units to the Bank (the “Replacement Pledged Certificate”), and (ii) the
Borrower causes the applicable Credit Party to execute and deliver a blank stock power or the like relating to the Replacement Pledged Certificate as the Bank may reasonably request. Nothing in this Section 3.12 shall affect the Borrower’s
obligations under Section 3.4 above except that, if the Bank has released any Lien pursuant to this Section 3.12 and thereafter the LTV Ratio exceeds 80%, the “additional Collateral” which may be pledged to the Bank pursuant to subpart (2)
of Section 3.4 shall be limited to Common Units.

Section 4

Lending Conditions

4.1 Credit Documents. Notwithstanding anything herein or in the other Credit Documents to the contrary, the Bank shall not be obligated to make the
Loan until the Bank has received the following documents, duly executed and delivered by all parties thereto, and otherwise satisfactory in form and content to the Bank:


(a)	Credit Agreement. This Agreement;



(b)	Note. The Note;



(c)	Holdings Pledge Documents. (1) The Holdings Pledge Agreement, together with the Consent and Acknowledgment of Issuer attached thereto; (2) the originals of the certificates
evidencing the Senior Subordinated Units and Junior Subordinated Units pledged thereby, together with such endorsements thereto as the Bank may request, and (3) a Uniform Commercial Code financing statement from the Borrower, as debtor, to the Bank,
as secured party, from such jurisdictions as the Bank deems necessary or desirable to perfect its security interest in the collateral described in the Holdings Pledge Agreement;



(d)	Guaranty. A Guaranty from each of IPCH and NIP;



(e)	Guaranty Reimbursement and Contribution Agreement. A guaranty reimbursement and contribution agreement among the Credit Parties;



(f)	NIP Pledge Documents. (1) The NIP Pledge Agreement, together with the Consent and Acknowledgment of Issuer attached thereto; (2) the originals of the certificates evidencing
the Common Units, Senior Subordinated Units and Junior Subordinated Units pledged thereby, together with such endorsements thereto as the Bank may request, and (3) a Uniform Commercial Code financing statement from NIP, as debtor, to the Bank, as
secured party, from such jurisdictions as the Bank deems necessary or desirable to perfect its security interest in the collateral described in the NIP Pledge Agreement;



Credit Agreement – Page 13








(g)	Inergy, L.P. Letters. (1) a letter from Inergy, L.P. to the transfer agent for the Common Units regarding the adequacy of the Bank’s counsel’s opinion letter with
respect to the transferability of certain Common Units, and (2) a letter from Inergy, L.P. to the Bank regarding the adequacy of the Bank’s counsel’s opinion letter with respect to the transferability of certain Senior Subordinated Units
and Junior Subordinated Units;



(h)	Form U-1. A Form U-1 for the Borrower whereby the Borrower represents and warrants that no proceeds of the Loan will be used to purchase or carry any margin stock;




(i)	Loan Disbursement Instructions. Written instructions from the Borrower to the Bank directing the application of proceeds of the Loan;



(j)	Opinion of Credit Parties’ Counsel. The favorable written opinion to the Bank of Stinson Morrison Hecker LLP, counsel to the Credit Parties, regarding the Credit
Parties, the Credit Documents and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Credit Documents;



(k)	Certificate of Borrower’s Secretary. A certificate executed by the Borrower’s secretary whereby such secretary affirms that, among other things, attached to such
certificate is (1) a copy of the Borrower’s general partner’s members’ resolutions authorizing the borrowing of monies, the granting of Liens and all other matters set forth in or contemplated by the Credit Documents, (2) a copy of
the Borrower’s certificate of limited partnership as in effect on the Closing Date, (3) a copy of the Borrower’s limited partnership agreement and all amendments thereto, and (4) a certificate of good standing for the Borrower, dated on or
within 10 days prior to the Closing Date, from the Secretary or State of the state of organization of the Borrower;



(l)	Certificate of IPCH’s Secretary. A certificate executed by IPCH’s secretary whereby such secretary affirms that, among other things, attached to such certificate is
(1) a copy of IPCH directors’ resolutions authorizing the guarantee of the Obligations and all other matters set forth in or contemplated by the Credit Documents, (2) a copy of IPCH’s articles or certificate of incorporation as in effect
on the Closing Date, (3) a copy of IPCH’s by-laws and all amendments thereto, and (4) a certificate of good standing for IPCH, dated on or within 10 days prior to the Closing Date, from the Secretary or State of the state of incorporation of
IPCH;



(m)	Certificate of NIP’s Secretary. A certificate executed by NIP’s secretary whereby such secretary affirms that, among other things, attached to such certificate is
(1) a copy of NIP’s members’ resolutions authorizing the guarantee of the Obligations, the granting of Liens and all other matters set forth in or contemplated by the Credit Documents, (2) a copy of NIP’s certificate of formation as
in effect on the Closing Date, (3) a copy of NIP’s operating agreement and all amendments thereto, and (4) a certificate of good standing for NIP, dated on or within 10 days prior to the Closing Date, from the Secretary or State of the state of
organization of NIP; and



Credit Agreement – Page 14








(n)	Other Items. Such other agreements, documents and assurances as the Bank may reasonably request in connection with the transactions described in or contemplated by the Credit
Documents.


If the Bank, in its sole and absolute discretion,
elects to make the Loan notwithstanding the Borrower’s failure to comply with the terms of subparts (a) through (m) immediately above, then the Bank shall not be deemed to have waived the Borrower’s compliance therewith, nor to have waived
any of the Bank’s other rights under this Agreement; and in any event the Bank, if it so elects, may declare an immediate Event of Default if the Borrower fails to furnish to the Bank on demand any of the Credit Documents described in this
Section or otherwise fails to comply with any condition precedent set forth in any Credit Document, in each case irrespective of whether such failure occurs on or after the Closing Date or the making of the Loan.

4.2 Additional Conditions Precedent to Loan. The Bank’s
obligation to make the Loan shall also be subject to the satisfaction, in the Bank’s sole judgment, of each of the following conditions precedent:


(a)	Since the date of the financial statements of the Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries submitted by the Borrower to the Bank immediately prior to the Closing Date, there shall
not have occurred any act or event which reasonably could be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;



(b)	No action, proceeding, investigation, regulation or legislation shall have been instituted, threatened or proposed before any court, governmental agency or legislative body to
enjoin, restrain or prohibit, or to obtain damages in respect of, or which is related to or arises out of this Agreement or the other Credit Documents or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or which, in the
Bank’s reasonable determination, would make it inadvisable to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Credit Documents; and



(c)	The Borrower shall have paid all legal fees and other closing or like costs and expenses of the Bank which the Borrower is obligated to pay hereunder.


4.3 Further Conditions Precedent to Loan. The obligation of the Bank
to make the Loan shall be further subject to the conditions precedent that, on the date of the Loan:


(a)	The following statements shall be true: (1) the representations and warranties regarding the Credit Parties contained in this Agreement and the other Credit Documents are correct on
and as of the date of the Loan as though made on and as of such date, and (2) there exists no Default or Event of Default as of such date, nor would any Default or Event of Default result from the making of the Loan; and



(b)	The Bank shall have received such other approvals or documents as it may reasonably request.



Credit Agreement – Page 15







Section 5
Representations And Warranties

5.1 Representations and Warranties of the Borrower. The Borrower represents and warrants to the Bank as follows:

(a) Organization and Existence. Each Credit Party is a limited partnership, limited liability company or corporation, as the case may be, duly
organized and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its organization, (2) is in good standing in all other jurisdictions in which it is required to be qualified to do business as a foreign limited partnership, limited
liability company or corporation, as the case may be, and (3) has obtained all licenses and permits and has filed all registrations necessary to the operation of its business; except where the failure to so qualify or to obtain such licenses or
permits could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower’s consolidated subsidiaries under GAAP are set forth in Schedule 5.1(a) to this Agreement. Inergy Holdings GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
is the sole general partner of the Borrower and is duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

(b) Authorization by Credit Parties. The execution, delivery and performance by each Credit Party of the Credit Documents to which it is a party
(1) are within such Credit Party’s limited partnership, limited liability company or corporate powers, as the case may be, (2) have been duly authorized by all necessary limited partnership, limited liability company, corporate or similar
action, as the case may be, (3) do not contravene such Credit Party’s certificate of partnership, certificate of formation, partnership agreement, operating agreement, certificate of incorporation or by-laws, as the case may be, or any law or
contractual restriction binding on or affecting such Credit Party or its properties, and (4) do not result in or require the creation of any Lien upon any of the Collateral other than a Lien in favor of the Bank.

(c) Third-Party Notices and Approvals. No authorization or approval or
other action by, and no notice to or filing with, Inergy, L.P., any governmental authority or regulatory body or any other Person, is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by any Credit Party of the Credit Documents to which it is
a party or the exercise by the Bank of its rights thereunder, including, without limitation, the sale or other disposition of any of the Collateral in accordance with the terms of the applicable Credit Documents, except (i) for any such approvals,
actions, notices or filings as have been obtained, undertaken, given or made by the Credit Parties on or before the Closing Date, and (ii) as may be required under laws affecting the offering and sale of securities generally in connection with any
foreclosure or other disposition by the Bank of the Collateral.

(d) Enforceability of Obligations. The Credit Documents to which each Credit Party is a party are the legal, valid and binding obligations of such Credit Party, enforceable against such Credit Party in accordance with their
respective terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws affecting the enforceability of creditors’ rights generally and subject to the discretion of courts in
applying equitable remedies.

(e) Financial Statements.
All financial statements of each Credit Party which have been furnished to the Bank fairly present the financial condition of such Credit Party as of the dates reflected on the financial statements, and fairly present the results of its operations
for the period covered thereby, all in accordance with GAAP, except for the omission of footnotes in interim financial statements and subject to normal year-end audit adjustments. As of the Closing Date, there has been no material adverse change in
the financial condition or results from operations of any Credit Party since the date of the most recent financial statements of such Credit Party submitted to the Bank.


Credit Agreement – Page 16







(f) Fiscal Year. Each Credit Party’s fiscal year begins on October 1 and ends on September 30
of the following year. The Borrower and NIP each have a calendar tax year, and IPCH has a tax year that begins on October 1 and ends on September 30 of the following year.

(g) Litigation. There is no pending or, to the Borrower’s knowledge, threatened action or proceeding affecting
any Credit Party or any of its properties before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator which, if determined adversely to such Credit Party, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(h) Existing Debt. No Credit Party has any Debt other than Permitted
Debt.

(i) Taxes. Each Credit Party has filed all
required federal, state, local and other tax returns and has paid, or made adequate provision for the payment of, any taxes due pursuant thereto or pursuant to any assessment received by such Credit Party except such taxes, if any, as are being
contested in good faith and as to which adequate reserves have been provided.

(j) Stock and Records. All outstanding equity interests of each Credit Party were and are properly issued, and all books and records of each Credit Party, including but not limited to each Credit Party’s
minute books and books of account, are accurate and complete in all material respects. The Borrower owns all of the outstanding equity interests of IPCH and all of the outstanding common equity of NIP. No Credit Party is obligated on or after the
Closing Date to redeem or otherwise acquire, or pay any dividends or make any other distributions in respect of, any of its equity interests.

(k) Hazardous Materials. Each Credit Party has complied with all Environmental Laws and all of its facilities, leaseholds, assets and other
property comply with all Environmental Laws, except where such failure to comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There are no outstanding or, to the Borrower’s knowledge, threatened citations, notices or
orders of non-compliance relating to Environmental Laws issued to any Credit Party or relating to its facilities, leaseholds, assets or other property. Each Credit Party has been issued all licenses, certificates, permits or other authorizations
required under any Environmental Law or by any federal, state or local governmental or quasi-governmental entity, except where the failure to obtain such license, certificate, permit or other authorization could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

(l) Negative Pledges. No
Credit Party is a party to or bound by any indenture, contract or other instrument or agreement which prohibits the creation, incurrence or sufferance to exist of any Lien upon any of the Collateral.

(m) Title to Property; Liens. Each Credit Party has good and
marketable title to all assets and other property purported to be owned by it, and the Bank has a perfected first priority Lien on all of the Collateral subject to no other Lien.

(n) Insolvency. After the execution and delivery of the Credit Documents and the disbursement of the Loan hereunder,
and after giving effect to rights of reimbursement and contribution, no Credit Party will be insolvent within the meaning of the United States Bankruptcy Code or unable to pay its debts as they mature.

(o) Survival of Representations. All representations and warranties
made in this Section 5 shall survive the execution and delivery of the Credit Documents and the making of the Loan.


Credit Agreement – Page 17







Section 6
Covenants

6.1
Affirmative Covenants. So long as any Obligations remain unpaid or the Bank has any commitment to extend credit to or for the benefit of the Borrower, the Borrower covenants to the Bank as follows:

(a) Compliance with Laws. The Borrower shall comply, and shall cause
each other Credit Party to comply, with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders affecting such Credit Party or its properties, including, without limitation, all Environmental Laws, except where such failure to comply could not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b)
Reporting Requirements. The Borrower shall furnish to the Bank:


(1)	Borrower’s Unaudited Quarterly Financial Statements. As soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower, an
internally prepared balance sheet of the Borrower and an internally prepared consolidating balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries (including, without limitation, IPCH and NIP), in each case as of the end of such quarter, and
an internally prepared income statement and consolidated income statements (as above) as of the end of such quarter for such quarter and for the fiscal year-to-date, each certified by the Borrower’s chief financial officer;




(2)	Borrower’s Audited Year-End Statements. As soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, final audited
consolidated and consolidating financial statements (including, without limitation, an income statement, balance sheet and statement of changes in financial position) as of the end of such fiscal year of the Borrower and its consolidated
subsidiaries (including, without limitation, IPCH and NIP) prepared by Ernst & Young or other independent certified accountants reasonably satisfactory to the Bank and a copy of any management, operation or other letter or correspondence from
such accountant to the Borrower or any such consolidated subsidiary in connection therewith;



(3)	Inergy, L.P. Audited Year-End Statements. As soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of Inergy, L.P., final audited financial
statements (including, without limitation, an income statement, balance sheet and statement of changes in financial position) as of the end of such fiscal year of Inergy, L.P. prepared by Ernst & Young or other independent certified accountants
selected by Inergy, L.P.’s board of directors or similar governing body and a copy of any management, operation or other letter or correspondence from such accountant to Inergy, L.P. in connection therewith;



(4)	Covenant Compliance Certificate. As soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower, a Covenant Compliance Certificate;
and



Credit Agreement – Page 18








(5)	Borrower’s Tax Returns. Promptly after being filed with the relevant taxing authority, copies of all federal income tax returns filed by the Borrower and all amendments
thereto;



(6)	Applicable Margin Calculation Certificate. As soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower, an Applicable Margin
Calculation Certificate; and



(7)	Other. Such other information respecting the condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of the Credit Parties as the Bank may reasonably request from time to time.



All financial statements described in clauses (1), (2) and (3)
above shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP on a basis consistent with the financial statements of such Person or Persons, as the case may be, delivered to the Bank for the period ending most immediately prior to the Closing Date, except that
unaudited financial statements shall be subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and need not contain footnotes.

(c) Preservation of Business and Corporate Existence. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Credit Party to, (1) carry on and conduct its
principal business substantially as it is now being conducted; (2) maintain in good standing its existence and its right to transact business in those states in which it is now or may after the Closing Date be doing business; and (3) maintain all
licenses, permits and registrations necessary to the conduct of its business; except where the failure to so maintain its right to transact business or to maintain such licenses, permits or registrations could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Payment of Taxes. The
Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Credit Party to, pay and discharge, before they become delinquent, all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges imposed upon it, its properties, or any part thereof, or upon the income or profits
therefrom and all claims for labor, materials or supplies which if unpaid might be or become a Lien or charge upon any of its property, except such items as it is in good faith appropriately contesting and as to which adequate reserves have been
provided to the Bank’s satisfaction.

(e) Employee
Plans. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Credit Party to, (1) notify the Bank promptly of the establishment of any Plan, except that prior to the establishment of any “welfare plan” (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA)
covering any employee of a Credit Party for any period after such employee’s termination of employment other than such period required by the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986 or “defined benefit plan” (as defined
in Section 3(35) of ERISA), it will obtain the Bank’s prior written approval of such establishment; (2) at all times make prompt payments or contributions to meet the minimum funding standards of Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended, with respect to each Plan; (3) promptly after the filing thereof, furnish to the Bank a copy of any report required to be filed pursuant to Section 103 of ERISA in connection with each Plan for each Plan year, including but not
limited to the Schedule B attached thereto, if applicable; (4) notify the Bank promptly of any “reportable event” (as defined in ERISA) or any circumstances arising in connection with any Plan which might constitute grounds for the
termination thereof by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or for the appointment by the appropriate United States District Court of a trustee to administer the Plan, the initiation of any audit or inquiry by the Internal Revenue Service or the
Department of Labor of any Plan or transaction(s) involving or related to any Plan, or any “prohibited transaction” as defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; (5) notify the Bank
prior to any action that could result in the assertion of liability under Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA caused by the complete or partial



Credit Agreement – Page 19








withdrawal from any multiemployer plan or to terminate any defined benefit plan sponsored by a Credit Party; and (6) promptly furnish such additional
information concerning any Plan as the Bank may from time to time request.

(f) Notice of Default. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Credit Party to, give prompt written notice to the Bank of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default under any of the Credit
Documents. Similarly, the Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Credit Party to, give prompt written notice to the Bank of any failure to pay, perform or observe or any other default by any Credit Party under any other existing of future
agreement to which any Credit Party is bound if such default could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(g) Books and Records; Inspection; Bank Audits. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Credit Party to, (1) maintain complete and accurate
books and financial records in accordance with GAAP (except that interim financial statements need not contain footnotes and may be subject to normal year-end audit adjustments); (2) during normal working hours permit the Bank and Persons designated
by the Bank to visit and inspect its properties, to inspect its books and financial records (including its journals, orders, receipts and correspondence which relates to its accounts receivable), and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts
receivable and operations with its directors, officers, employees and agents and its independent public accountants; and (3) permit the Bank and Persons designated by the Bank to perform audits of such books and financial records when and as
requested by the Bank.

(h) Bank May Perform Obligations;
Further Assurances. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Credit Party to, permit the Bank, if the Bank so elects in its sole discretion, to pay or perform any Credit Party’s Obligations hereunder or under the other Credit
Documents and to reimburse the Bank, on demand for all amounts expended by or on behalf of the Bank in connection therewith and all costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Bank in connection therewith. The Borrower further agrees to
execute, deliver or perform, or cause to be executed, delivered or performed, all such documents, agreements or acts, as the case may be, as the Bank may reasonably request from time to time to create, perfect, continue or otherwise assure the Bank
with respect to any Lien created or purported to be created by any of the Credit Documents or to otherwise create, evidence or assure the Bank’s rights and remedies under, or as contemplated by, the Credit Documents or at law or in equity.


(i) Registration of Pledged Common Units. The Borrower
agrees, if so requested in writing by the Bank at any time after the occurrence of an Event of Default, to use its best efforts to cause, within 60 days thereafter, all Collateral consisting of Common Units to be registered under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, pursuant to an effective registration statement.

6.2 Negative Covenants. So long as any Obligations remain unpaid or the Bank has any commitment to extend credit to or for the benefit of the Borrower, the Borrower covenants to the Bank as follows:

(a) Liens. The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other
Credit Party to, create or suffer to exist any Lien upon or with respect to any of its properties, whether the Borrower or such other Credit Party owns or has an interest in such properties on the Closing Date or at any time thereafter and without
regard to whether such properties are Collateral, except that each Credit Party may create or suffer to exist Permitted Liens on that part of its properties which is not Collateral.

(b) Debt. The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Credit Party to, create or suffer to exist any Debt
except for Permitted Debt.


Credit Agreement – Page 20







(c) Structure; Disposition of Assets. The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other
Credit Party to, merge or consolidate with or otherwise be acquired by any other Person. Without first obtaining the Bank’s consent, the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Credit Party to, purchase or otherwise acquire all or a
material part of the equity interests or assets of any other Person. The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Credit Party to, sell or otherwise transfer any Collateral (except as otherwise permitted under Section 6(a)(ii) of each
Pledge Agreement).

(d) Conflicting Agreements. The
Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Credit Party to, enter into any agreement any term or condition of which conflicts with any provision of this Agreement or the other Credit Documents.

(e) Changes in Accounting Principles; Fiscal Year. The Borrower shall
not, and shall not permit any other Credit Party to, make any change in its principles or methods of accounting as currently in effect, except for such changes as are required by GAAP; nor shall the Borrower change, or permit any other Credit Party
to change, its fiscal year, in each without first obtaining the Bank’s written consent.

(f) Transactions With Affiliates. The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Credit Party to, enter into or be a party to any transaction or arrangement, including without limitation, the purchase,
sale or exchange of property of any kind or the rendering of any service, with any Affiliate, except in the ordinary course of and pursuant to the reasonable requirements of a Credit Party’s business and upon fair and reasonable terms
substantially as favorable to the Credit Party as those which would be obtained in a comparable arms-length transaction with a non-Affiliate.

(g) Amendment of 5-Year Credit Agreement. The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Credit Party to, permit or otherwise allow Inergy
L.P. or any other Person to amend or otherwise modify any of the financial covenants or related definitions set forth in the 5-Year Credit Agreement if, at the time of such amendment or modification, the Leverage Ratio exceeds 4 to 1, in which event
the Borrower shall first obtain the prior written consent of the Bank to such amendment or modification, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. If the Bank’s consent is required for any requested amendment or modification, the Bank
agrees to respond to any such request within five Business Days after its receipt of a written notice from the Borrower which reasonably describes the requested amendment or modification. If the Bank fails to object to such request within such five
Business Day period, the Bank shall be deemed to have consented to such request. So long as the Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 4 to 1, the Borrower or other Credit Party may amend or otherwise modify, or cause or permit any other Person to
amend or otherwise modify, any of the financial covenants or related definitions set forth in the 5-Year Credit Agreement without obtaining the prior written consent of the Bank to such amendment or modification.

6.3 Specific Financial Covenants. So long as any Obligations remain
unpaid or the Bank has any commitment to extend credit to or for the benefit of the Borrower, the Borrower covenants to the Bank as follows.

(a) Maximum Total Leverage Ratio. The Borrower shall cause Inergy, L.P. to comply with the financial covenant set forth in Section 6.12(a) of the
5-Year Credit Agreement, as in effect from time to time (subject to the provisions of Section 6.2(g) above).

(b) Maximum Senior Secured Leverage Ratio. The Borrower shall cause Inergy, L.P. to comply with the financial covenant set forth in Section 6.12(b)
of the 5-Year Credit Agreement, as in effect from time to time (subject to the provisions of Section 6.2(g) above).


Credit Agreement – Page 21







(c) Minimum Interest Coverage Ratio. The Borrower shall cause Inergy, L.P. to comply with the
financial covenant set forth in Section 6.12(c) of the 5-Year Credit Agreement, as in effect from time to time (subject to the provisions of Section 6.2(g) above).

(d) Leverage Ratio. The Borrower will maintain, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, a Leverage Ratio of not
more than 4 to 1.

Section 7
Default

7.1 Events of Default. Each of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder:


(a)	Monetary Default. A Credit Party fails to pay any monetary Obligation under any Credit Document in accordance with its terms, and such Credit Party fails to cure such default
within five days after written notice from the Bank specifying the nature of such default is received by the Borrower; or



(b)	Material Non-Monetary Default. A Credit Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or other provision contained in Sections 6.1(f), 6.1(g), 6.1(i), 6.2(a), 6.2(b),
6.2(c), 6.2(e), 6.2(g) or 6.3 of this Agreement in accordance with the terms thereof; or



(c)	Other Non-Monetary Default. (1) A Credit Party fails to perform or observe any other term, covenant or other provision in any Credit Document (other than any term, covenant
or provision addressed in Subsections (a) or (b) immediately above) in accordance with its terms and, if such default is curable, such Credit Party fails to cure such default within 30 days after written notice from the Bank specifying in reasonable
detail the nature of such default is received by the Borrower; or (2) any “Event of Default” (as such term is defined in any other Credit Document to which any Credit Party is a party) occurs, or a Credit Party fails to perform or observe
any obligation, term or other provision of any Credit Document beyond any applicable grace, cure or notice period; or



(d)	Misrepresentation. Any representation or warranty made or furnished by a Credit Party in connection with this Agreement or the other Credit Documents proves to be incorrect,
incomplete or misleading in any material respect when made, or any such representation or warranty becomes incorrect, incomplete or misleading in any material respect and a Credit Party fails to give the Bank prompt written notice thereof; or




(e)	 Cross-Default. (1) A Credit Party fails to pay any Debt (other than a monetary Obligation due the Bank under the Credit Documents, as contemplated by
Subsection (a) immediately above) or to perform or observe any other obligation or term in respect of such Debt, and, as a result of any such failure, the holder of such Debt accelerates or is entitled to accelerate the maturity thereof or requires
or is entitle to require a Credit Party or some other Person to purchase or otherwise acquire such Debt (including, without limitation, the occurrence of an “Event of Default” (as defined therein) under the credit agreement or any of the
other credit or security documents that evidence or otherwise relate to any Permitted Enterprise Bank Debt); or (2) an “Event of Default” (as defined





Credit Agreement – Page 22









therein) occurs under (i) the Indenture, dated as of December 22, 2004, among Inergy, L.P., Inergy Finance Corp., the guarantors listed on the signature page
thereof and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, relating to the 6.875% Senior Notes due 2014 referred to therein, as the same may be amended, renewed, restated, replaced, consolidated or otherwise modified from time to time, or (ii) the
5-Year Credit Agreement, as the same may be amended, renewed, restated, consolidated, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time; or




(f)	Insolvency. A Credit Party ceases to be solvent or suffers the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or similar fiduciary or makes an assignment for the benefit of
creditors; or any petition for an order for relief is filed by or against a Credit Party under the federal Bankruptcy Code or any similar state insolvency statute (except, in the case of a petition filed against a Credit Party, if such proceeding is
dismissed within 60 days after the petition is filed, unless prior thereto an order for relief is entered under the federal Bankruptcy Code); or a Credit Party makes any offer of settlement, extension or composition to its unsecured creditors
generally; or



(g)	Subsidiaries. The Borrower ceases to own and control, beneficially and of record, all of the outstanding equity interests of IPCH and all of the outstanding common equity
interests of NIP; or



(h)	Contest Credit Documents. A Credit Party challenges or contests in any action, suit or proceeding the validity or enforceability of any of the Credit Documents, the legality
or enforceability of any of the Obligations or the perfection or priority of any Lien granted to the Bank; or



(i)	Guaranty. A Guarantor revokes or attempts to revoke (in whole or in part) the Guaranty signed by such Guarantor, or repudiates (in whole or in part) such Guarantor’s
liability thereunder or is in default under the terms thereof; or



(j)	Judgments. One or more judgments, decrees or orders for the payment of money in excess of $500,000 is rendered against a Credit Party and such judgments, decrees or orders
for the payment of money shall continue unsatisfied and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days without being vacated, discharged, satisfied, or stayed or bonded pending appeal; or



(k)	Lien. The Bank shall cease to have a duly perfected first priority security interest in the Collateral subject to no other Lien; or



(l)	Material Adverse Change. In the Bank’s reasonable judgment, any material adverse change occurs in the financial condition or economic prospects of a Credit Party or
Inergy, L.P.


7.2 Acceleration. Upon or
after the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, the Bank may declare the Note, all interest thereon, and all other Obligations to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the Note, all such interest thereon and all such
other Obligations shall become and be forthwith due and payable, without presentment, protest or further notice or demand of any kind, all of which are waived by the Borrower. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, after the occurrence and during the
continuation of any Event of Default, the Bank elects (any such election to be in the Bank’s



Credit Agreement – Page 23








sole and absolute discretion) to not accelerate all or any of the Obligations, any such election shall not preclude the Bank from electing thereafter (in its
sole and absolute discretion) to accelerate all or any of the Obligations, as the case may be.

7.3 Remedies. Upon or after the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, the Bank has and may exercise from time to time the following rights and remedies:

(a) All of the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC or under
other applicable law, and all other legal and equitable rights to which the Bank may be entitled, all of which rights and remedies shall be cumulative, and none of which shall be exclusive, and all of which shall be in addition to any other rights
or remedies contained in this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents.

(b) The right to take immediate possession of the Collateral, and (1) to require the Borrower to assemble, at the Borrower’s expense, any Collateral not already in the Bank’s possession, and make it
available to the Bank at a place designated by the Bank which is reasonably convenient to both parties, and (2) to enter upon and use any premises in which the Borrower has an ownership, leasehold or other interest, or wherever any of the Collateral
shall be located, and to store, remove, abandon, dispose of or otherwise use all or any part of the Collateral on such premises without the payment of rent or any other fees by the Bank to the Borrower or any other Person for the use of such
premises or such Collateral.

(c) The right to sell or
otherwise dispose of all or any Collateral at public or private sale or sales, with such notice as may be required by law, in lots or in bulk, for cash or on credit, all as the Bank, in its sole discretion, may deem advisable. The Borrower agrees
that not less than 10 days prior written notice to the Borrower of any public or private sale or other disposition of such Collateral shall be reasonable notice thereof, and such sale shall be at such locations as the Bank may designate in such
notice. The Bank has the right to sell or otherwise dispose of such Collateral, or any part thereof, for cash, credit or any combination thereof, and the Bank may purchase all or any part of such Collateral at public or, if permitted by law, private
sale and, in lieu of actual payment of such purchase price, may set-off or credit the amount of such price against the Obligations owing by the Borrower.

(d) The proceeds realized from the sale of any Collateral may be applied, after the Bank is in receipt of good funds, as follows: first, to the
reasonable costs, expenses and attorneys’ fees and expenses incurred by the Bank for collection and for storage, sale and delivery of the Collateral; second, to any fees or expenses due the Bank under the Credit Documents; third,
to interest due upon any of the Obligations; and fourth, to the principal of the Obligations; or in such other manner as the Bank may elect in its sole discretion. If any deficiency shall arise, the Credit Parties shall remain jointly and
severally liable to the Bank therefor. Any surplus remaining after payment in full of the Obligations may be returned to the Borrower or to whomever may be legally entitled thereto.

7.4 Right of Set-off. Upon or after the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, the Bank is
authorized at any time and from time to time, without notice to the Borrower (any such notice being waived by the Borrower), to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and
other indebtedness at any time owing by the Bank to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all of the Obligations irrespective of whether or not the Bank has made any demand under this Agreement or the other Credit
Documents and although such Obligations may be unmatured. The rights of the Bank under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including, without limitation, other rights of setoff) which the Bank may have.


Credit Agreement – Page 24







Section 8
Miscellaneous

8.1
Notices. Except as otherwise provided herein, all notices, requests and demands to or upon a party to this Agreement to be effective shall be in writing and shall be deemed validly given upon receipt thereof, whether by personal delivery,
U.S. mail, fax, other electronic transmission or otherwise, in each case addressed as follows:

If to the Bank:

Southwest Bank of St. Louis
2301 S. Kingshighway Blvd.
St. Louis, Missouri 63110
Attn.: Mr. John Billings
Fax No.: 314-268-2540

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Shook, Hardy & Bacon L.L.P.
2555 Grand Blvd.
Kansas City, Missouri 64108
Attn.: Mark Ovington, Esq.
Fax No.: 816-421-5547

If to the Borrower:

Inergy Holdings, L.P.
Two Brush Creek Boulevard
Suite 200
Kansas City, Missouri 64112
Attn.: Mr. John J. Sherman
Fax No.: (816) 531-4680

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Stinson Morrison Hecker LLP
1201 Walnut Street
Kansas City, Missouri 64106
Attn.: Paul McLaughlin, Esq.
Fax No.: 816-691-3495

or to such other address
or telecopy number as a party may designate for itself by like notice given in accordance with this Section.

8.2 Power of Attorney. The Borrower irrevocably designates, makes, constitutes and appoints the Bank, and all Persons designated by the Bank, as
the Borrower’s true and lawful attorney and agent-in-fact (such power of attorney and agency being coupled with an interest and therefore irrevocable until the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full and the Bank has no duty to extend
credit to or for the benefit of the Borrower), and the Bank, and any Persons designated by the Bank, may, at any time except as otherwise provided below, and without notice to or the consent of the Borrower and in either the Borrower’s or the
Bank’s name, but at the cost and expense of the Borrower, (1) pay and perform any



Credit Agreement – Page 25








Obligation to be paid or performed under any of the Credit Documents, and (2) at any time an Event of Default exists, (a) to the extent the Collateral
consists of accounts receivable, demand payment of all such accounts from the account debtors, enforce payment of the accounts by legal proceedings or otherwise, and generally exercise all of the Borrower’s rights and remedies with respect to
the collection of the accounts, and settle, adjust, compromise, discharge or release any accounts or other Collateral or any legal proceedings brought to collect any accounts or other Collateral, (b) endorse the Borrower’s name on any checks,
notes, acceptances, drafts, money orders or any other evidence of payment or proceeds of the Collateral which come into the possession of the Bank or under the Bank’s control (c) sell or otherwise transfer any Collateral upon such terms, for
such amounts and at such time or times as the Bank deems advisable, (d) take control, in any manner, of any item of payment or proceeds relating to any Collateral, (e) prepare, file and sign the Borrower’s name to a proof of claim in bankruptcy
or similar document against any account debtor or to any notice of Lien, assignment or satisfaction of Lien or similar document in connection with any of the Collateral, (f) endorse the name of the Borrower upon any chattel paper, document,
instrument, invoice, freight bill, bill of lading or similar document or agreement relating to any Collateral, (g) use the information recorded on or contained in any data processing equipment and computer hardware and software relating to any
Collateral and to which the Borrower has access, and (h) do all other acts and things necessary, in the Bank’s determination, to fulfill the Borrower’s obligations under this Agreement.

8.3 Indemnity. The Borrower agrees to indemnify, defend and hold
harmless the Bank and each shareholder, director, officer, employee and agent of the Bank from and against any and all damages, settlement amounts, expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney’s fees and court costs), other
losses, claims or other assertions of liability of any nature whatsoever incurred by or on behalf of or asserted against, as the case may be, any one or more of such indemnified parties at any time arising in whole or in part out of any Credit
Party’s failure to observe, perform or discharge any of its duties under any of the Credit Documents to which it is a party or any misrepresentation made by or on behalf of such Credit Party under any of the Credit Documents. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, this indemnity shall extend to any claims asserted against the Bank or such other indemnitees by any Person under any Environmental Laws or similar laws by reason of any Credit Party’s or any other Person’s
failure to comply with laws applicable to Hazardous Substances. All indemnities given by the Borrower to the Bank under the Credit Documents, including, without limitation, the indemnities set forth in this Section, shall survive the repayment of
the Loan and the termination of this Agreement.

8.4 Entire
Agreement; Modification of Agreement; Sale of Interest. This Agreement and the other Credit Documents, together with all other instruments, agreements and certificates executed by the parties in connection therewith or with reference thereto,
embodies the entire agreement between the parties hereto and thereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and inducements, whether express or implied, oral or written. This
Agreement may not be modified, altered or amended, except by an agreement in writing signed by the Borrower and the Bank. The Borrower may not directly or indirectly sell, assign or transfer any interest in or rights under this Agreement or any of
the other Credit Documents. The Borrower consents to the Bank’s participation, sale, assignment, transfer or other disposition, at any time or times on or after the Closing Date, of this Agreement and any of the other Credit Documents, or of
any portion hereof or thereof, including, without limitation, the Bank’s rights, title, interests, remedies, powers and duties hereunder or thereunder.

8.5 Reimbursement of Expenses. If, at any time or times prior or subsequent to the Closing Date, regardless of whether an Event of Default then
exists or any of the transactions contemplated hereunder are concluded, the Bank employs counsel for advice or other representation, or incurs reasonable legal and/or appraisers’, liquidators’, and/or other costs or out-of-pocket expenses
in connection with: (a) the negotiation and preparation of this Agreement and any of the other Credit



Credit Agreement – Page 26








Documents, any amendment or other modification of this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents, or any sale or attempted sale of any interest herein
or therein to a participating lender or other Person; (b) any litigation, contest, dispute, suit, proceeding or action (whether instituted by the Bank, the Borrower or any other Person) in any way relating to the Collateral, this Agreement, any of
the other Credit Documents or the Borrower’s affairs; (c) any attempt to enforce any rights of the Bank against the Borrower or any other Person which may be obligated to the Bank by virtue of this Agreement or any of the other Credit
Documents, including, without limitation, any issuers of any Collateral, irrespective of whether litigation is commenced in pursuance of such rights; or (d) any attempt to inspect, verify, protect, preserve, restore, collect, sell, liquidate or
otherwise dispose of or realize upon the Collateral (all of which are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Expenses”); then, in any and each such event, such Expenses shall be payable by the Borrower to the Bank on demand,
and shall be additional Obligations and be secured by the Collateral. Additionally, if any taxes (excluding taxes imposed upon or measured by the income of the Bank) shall be payable on account of the execution or delivery of this Agreement or the
other Credit Documents, or the execution, delivery, issuance or recording of any of the Credit Documents, or the creation of any of the Obligations hereunder, by reason of any federal, state or local statute or other law existing on or after the
Closing Date, the Borrower agrees to pay all such taxes, including, but not limited to, any interest and penalties thereon, and will indemnify and hold the Bank harmless from and against all liabilities in connection therewith.

8.6 Indulgences Not Waivers. The Bank’s failure, at any time or
times on or after the Closing Date, to require strict performance by a Credit Party of any provision of this Agreement or the other Credit Documents shall not waive, affect or diminish any right of the Bank thereafter to demand strict compliance and
performance therewith. Any suspension or waiver by the Bank of a Default or an Event of Default by a Credit Party under this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents shall not suspend, waive or affect any other Default or Event of Default by a
Credit Party under this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents, whether the same is prior or subsequent thereto and whether of the same or of a different type. None of the undertakings, agreements, warranties, covenants and representations
of a Credit Party contained in this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents and no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have been suspended or waived by the Bank, unless such suspension or waiver is by an instrument in writing
specifying such suspension or waiver and is signed by a duly authorized representative of the Bank and directed and delivered to a Credit Party.

8.7 Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under
applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such
provision or the remaining provisions of this Agreement.

8.8
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement and the other Credit Documents, shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of the Borrower and the Bank. This provision, however, shall not be deemed to
modify Section 8.4 hereof.

8.9 General Waivers by
Borrower. Except as otherwise expressly provided for in this Agreement, the Borrower waives: (a) presentment, protest, demand for payment, notice of dishonor demand and protest and notice of presentment, default, notice of nonpayment, maturity,
release, compromise, settlement, extension or renewal of any or all commercial paper, accounts receivable, contract rights, documents, instruments, chattel paper and guaranties at any time held by the Bank on which the Borrower may in any way be
liable and ratifies and confirms whatever the Bank may do in this regard; (b) notice prior to taking possession or control of the Collateral or any bond or security which might be required by any court prior to allowing the Bank to exercise any of
the Bank’s remedies, including the issuance of an immediate writ of possession; (c) the benefit of all valuation, appraisement



Credit Agreement – Page 27








and exemption laws; and (d) any and all other notices, demands and consents in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement
of this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents and/or any of the Bank’s rights and remedies in respect of the Collateral.

8.10 Incorporation by Reference. All of the terms of the other Credit Documents are incorporated in and made part of this Agreement by reference;
provided, however, that to the extent of any inconsistency between this Agreement and such other Credit Documents, this Agreement shall prevail and govern.

8.11 Execution in Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures. This Agreement and the other Credit Documents may be executed
in any number of counterparts and by different parties thereto, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which counterparts taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. A signature
of a party to any of the Credit Documents sent by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be deemed to constitute an original and fully effective signature of such party.

8.12 Governing Law; Consent to Forum. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Missouri without
giving effect to any choice of law rules thereof. As part of the consideration for new value this day received, the Borrower consents to the jurisdiction of any federal court located in the City of St. Louis, Missouri or any state court located in
St. Louis County, Missouri (collectively, the “Chosen Forum”), and waives personal service of any and all process upon it and consents that all such service of process be made by certified or registered mail directed to the Borrower
at its address stated in Section 8.1 hereof and service so made shall be deemed to be completed upon delivery thereto. The Borrower waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted against it as provided herein and agrees not
to assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue. The Borrower further agrees not to assert against the Bank (except by way of a defense or counterclaim in a proceeding initiated by the Bank) any claim or other assertion of liability
relating to any of the Credit Documents, the Obligations, the Collateral or the Bank’s actions or inactions in respect of any of the foregoing in any jurisdiction other than the Chosen Forum. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect the
Bank’s right to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the other Credit Documents against the Borrower or its properties in courts of other jurisdictions.

8.13 Waiver of Jury Trial; Limitation on Damages. To the fullest extent permitted by law, and as separately
bargained-for consideration to the Bank, the Borrower waives any right to trial by jury (which the Bank also waives) in any action, suit, proceeding or counterclaim of any kind arising out of or otherwise relating to any of the Credit Documents, the
Obligations, the Collateral or the Bank’s actions or inactions in respect of any of the foregoing. To the fullest extent permitted by law, and as separately bargained-for consideration to the Bank, the Borrower also waives any right it may have
at any time to claim or recover in any litigation or other dispute involving the Bank, whether the underlying claim or dispute sounds in contract, tort or otherwise, any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages or any damages other
than, or in addition to, actual damages. The Borrower acknowledges that the Bank is relying upon and would not enter into the transactions described in the Credit Documents on the terms and conditions set forth therein but for the Borrower’s
waivers and agreements under this Section.

8.14 Mo. Rev.
Stat. § 432.047 Statement. The following statement is given pursuant to Mo. Rev. Stat. § 432.047: “Oral agreements or commitments to loan money, extend credit or to forbear from enforcing repayment of a debt including promises
to extend or renew such debt are not enforceable, regardless of the legal theory upon which it is based that is in any way related to the credit agreement. To protect you (borrower(s)) and us (creditor) from misunderstanding or disappointment, any
agreements we reach covering such matters are contained in this writing, which is the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between us, except as we may later agree in writing to modify it.”

[signature page(s) to follow]


Credit Agreement – Page 28







IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered by their duly
authorized representatives as of the date first above written.



INERGY HOLDINGS, L.P.

By:	 	Inergy Holdings GP, LLC, its sole general partner

By:


Name:
Title:

SOUTHWEST BANK OF ST. LOUIS

By:


Name:
Title:

By:


Name:
Title:




Credit Agreement – Signature Page







Exhibit A


TERM LOAN NOTE


$25,000,000
August 9, 2005



For value received, the undersigned, INERGY HOLDINGS, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the “Borrower”), promises to pay to the order
of SOUTHWEST BANK OF ST. LOUIS, a Missouri banking corporation (the “Bank”; which term shall include any subsequent holder hereof), in lawful money of the United States of America, without setoff, deduction or counterclaim, the
principal sum of Twenty-Five Million and 00/100 Dollars ($25,000,000.00).

This Term Loan Note (the “Note”) is the Term Loan Note referred to in, is issued pursuant to, and is subject to the terms and conditions of, the Credit Agreement, dated on or about the date hereof
between the Borrower and the Bank, as the same may be amended, renewed, restated, replaced, consolidated or otherwise modified from time to time (the “Credit Agreement”). To the extent of any direct conflict between the terms and
conditions of this Note and the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement shall prevail and govern. Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Note have the meanings given to them in the
Credit Agreement.

Interest shall accrue on the outstanding
principal balance of this Note as provided in the Credit Agreement. Principal, interest and all other amounts, if any, payable in respect of this of this Note shall be payable as provided in the Credit Agreement. The Borrower’s right, if any,
to prepay this Note is subject to the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement.

The termination of the Credit Agreement or the occurrence of an Event of Default shall entitle the Bank, at its option, to declare the then outstanding principal balance hereof, all accrued interest thereon, and all
other amounts, if any, payable in respect of this Note to be, and the same shall thereupon become, immediately due and payable without notice to or demand on the Borrower, all of which the Borrower waives.

Time is of the essence of this Note. To the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, the Borrower, for itself and its successors and assigns, waives presentment, demand, protest, notice of dishonor, and any and all other notices, demands and consents in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default
or enforcement of this Note, and consents to any extensions of time, renewals, releases of any parties to or guarantors of this Note, waivers and any other modifications that may be granted or consented to by the Bank from time to time in respect of
the time of payment or any other provision of this Note.

This
Note shall be governed by the laws of the State of Missouri, without regard to any choice of law rule thereof giving effect to the laws of any other jurisdiction.

[signature page to follow]


Exhibit A – Page 1







IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower has executed and delivered this Note as of the date first above written.




INERGY HOLDINGS, L.P.

By:	 	Inergy Holdings GP, LLC, its sole general partner

By:


Name:
Title:




Exhibit A – Page 2







Schedule 5.1(a)

(Consolidated Subsidiaries of Inergy Holdings, L.P.)

1. Inergy Partners, LLC

2. New Inergy Propane, LLC

3. Inergy GP, LLC

4. IPCH Acquisition Corp.


5. Wilson Oil Company of Johnston County, Inc.

6. Rolesville Gas & Oil Company, Inc.


Schedule 5.1(a)


