






f8k050708ex10i_redmile.htm


Exhibit
10.1



CREDIT
AGREEMENT



THIS
AGREEMENT dated for reference May 7, 2008 is between:






SILVERBIRCH INC., an Ontario company having
an office at Suite 500, 150 Ferrand Drive, Toronto, Ontario M3C 3E5



(the
"Lender")



AND:




RED MILE ENTERTAINMENT, INC.,
a Delaware corporation, having its chief executive office at at 223 San Anselmo
Avenue, Suite #3, San Anselmo, CA 94960

(the
“Borrower”)



BACKGROUND



A.           The
Lender has agreed to lend to the Borrower and the Borrower has agreed to borrow
from the Lender the aggregate principal amount of CAD$750,000 on the terms and
subject to the conditions of this Agreement.



AGREEMENTS



For good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which each party
acknowledges, the parties agree as follows:





1.


Definitions.  In
this Agreement:










(a)


"Advance" means the
advance of the Facility hereunder;










(b)


"Borrower" means Red Mile
Entertainment, Inc.;










(c)


"Business Day" means a
day which is not a Saturday, Sunday or a statutory holiday in the Province
of Ontario;










(d)


"Event of Default" has
the meaning set forth in paragraph 12
below;










(e)


"Facility" means the
CAD$750,000 credit facility granted by the Lender to the Borrower pursuant
to this Agreement;










(f)


"Financial Statements"
has the meaning set forth in subparagraph 9(h)
below;










(g)


"Lender" means
Silverbirch Inc. and its successors and
assigns;










(h)


"Maturity Date" has the
meaning set forth in subparagraph 4(a)
below;










(i)


"Note" has the meaning
set forth in subparagraph 7(a)
below;










(j)


"Outstanding Balance" has
the meaning set forth in subparagraph 4(a)
below;


















1




















(k)


"Pledged Securities"
means all securities of the Subsidiaries which are or may become subject
to the Securities Pledge Agreement;










(l)


"Securities Pledge
Agreement" means the securities pledge agreement referred to in
subparagraph 7(c) below;










(m)


"Security" has the
meaning set forth in paragraph 7 below;
and










(n)


"Subsidiaries" means (i)
2WG Media, Inc (Texas Corporation); (ii) Roveractive LTD (a Delaware
Corporation); and (iii) Red Mile Entertainment PTY LTD (an Australian
corporation) and any other corporation, limited liability company,
partnership or other entity of which securities or other ownership
interests having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of
directors or other persons performing similar functions are at the time
directly or indirectly owned by the Borrower and "Subsidiary" shall mean
any one of them.










2.


Facility
Advance.  Subject to and upon the fulfilment of the
conditions precedent contained in paragraph 8 of this Agreement, the
Lender will advance the principal amount of the Facility to the Borrower,
or as the Borrower may otherwise direct (the "Advance").










3.


Use of
Proceeds.  The Borrower covenants and agrees with the
Lender that the Facility proceeds will be used by the Borrower to advance
funds to IR Gurus PTY LTD. for the purpose of payment of the costs owing
on the development and production of “Heroes Over Europe” video game, and
for no other purpose whatsoever other than general and administrative
expenditures less than USD$10,000, without the express written consent of
the Lender.










4.


Term
and Prepayment.










(a)


The
principal amount of the Advance, together with all accrued but unpaid
interest and other costs or charges payable hereunder from time to time in
connection with such Advance (collectively the "Outstanding Balance"),
will be immediately due and payable by the Borrower to the Lender on the
earlier of (the "Maturity
Date"):










(i)


November
7, 2008;










(ii)


the
date of any change of control of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries of the
Borrower ("control" being defined
as ownership of or control or direction over, directly or indirectly, 20%
or more of the outstanding voting securities of the Borrower by any party
other than the Lender); or










(iii)


the
occurrence of an Event of Default.










(b)


If
after the Advance, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries sell or
otherwise dispose of any assets outside of the ordinary course of
business, or close one or more equity or debt financings, the Borrower
will pay or cause to be paid to the Lender all proceeds from such sale,
disposition or financing, net of legal fees, financing fees and any other
actual out-of-pocket costs incurred by the Borrower in connection with
such sale, disposition or financing, up to the full amount of the
Outstanding Balance, to be applied on account of the Outstanding
Balance.  Any payment made under this paragraph will be without
notice or penalty.


















2




















(c)


In
addition to its obligation to prepay the Facility under subparagraph (b)
above, the Borrower may prepay the Outstanding Balance including all
accrued interest thereon, in whole at any time before maturity, provided
that such prepayment is made on the last Business Day of the calendar
month and the Borrower has provided to the Lender not less than ten (10)
Business Days’ prior written notice of its intention to prepay the
Facility.










5.


Interest.  Interest
will accrue on the Outstanding Balance from and after May 7, 2008 at the
rate of ten percent (10%) per annum, and be payable by the Borrower to the
Lender quarterly (every three month anniversary) in arrears, on the last
Business Day of every month, as well at the rate of twenty percent (20%)
per annum after maturity or
default.










6.


Costs.  The
Borrower shall pay the reasonable costs of the expenses of the Facility
which amounts shall be deducted from the initial advance.  The
Borrower irrevocably authorizes and directs the Lender to deduct the
expenses from the proceeds of the Advance.  Costs will be
CAD$10,000 for the establishment of the
Facility.










7.


Security.  As
security for the Borrower's obligations hereunder including but not
limited to the repayment of the Facility, the Borrower, as indicated, will
execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered to the
Lender:










(a)


a
promissory note, in the form attached as Schedule "A" hereto (the "Note");










(b)


a
general security agreement under which the Borrower will grant to the
Lender a first priority security interest over all of its present and
after-acquired property;










(c)


a
securities pledge agreement (the "Securities Pledge
Agreement") pursuant to which
Red Mile Entertainment, Inc. will pledge and grant to the Lender a first
priority security interest over all of the securities held in: (i) 2WG
Media, Inc (Texas Corporation); (ii) Roveractive LTD (a Delaware
Corporation); and (iii) Red Mile Entertainment PTY LTD (an Australian
corporation); and








all in
form and terms satisfactory to the Lender and its counsel (collectively, the
"Security").





8.


Conditions Precedent to
Advance.  As conditions precedent to the Advance of the
Facility by the Lender:










(a)


the
Borrower shall have executed and delivered or caused to be executed and
delivered or caused to be executed and
delivered:










(i)


all
of the Security and the documents, securities and instruments referred to
in paragraph 7 above and the Lender will have
completed all registrations and other filings that may be prudent or
necessary to perfect the security interest created
therein;










(ii)


a
certified copy of its directors' resolutions authorizing the borrowing of
the Facility, the grant of the Security and the execution and delivery of
this Agreement and all agreements, documents and instruments referred to
herein, together with an officer's certificate, certifying certain factual
matters;


















3




















(b)


the
representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in paragraph 9 will be true and correct in all material
respects and the Borrower will have complied with all covenants required
to be complied with by it in relation to this Agreement prior to the
Advance under the Facility by the
Lender;










(c)


the
Lender shall be satisfied with its due diligence review of the Borrower is
intended use of proceeds of the
Facility;










(d)


there
shall have been no adverse material change in the business, operations,
assets or ownership of the Borrower, its Subsidiaries or any of their
respective properties and assets since the date of this
Agreement;










(e)


the
Lender will, in its sole and absolute discretion, be satisfied as to the
creditworthiness of the Borrower and the adequacy of the collateral
security contemplated herein.








If any of
the foregoing conditions precedent are not satisfied or waived by the Lender in
writing on or before May 7, 2008, this Agreement will terminate, and the Lender
will be under no further obligation to the Borrower in connection with the
transaction contemplated herein.





9.


Representations and
Warranties.  The Borrower represents and warrants to the
Lender as follows, as of the date of this Agreement and the date of
Advance made hereunder:










(a)


the
Borrower exists as a corporation under the laws of Delaware, has not
discontinued or been dissolved under those laws, and is in good standing
with respect to all filings required
thereunder;










(b)


the
Borrower has the power and authority to (i) carry on its businesses as now
being conducted and is licensed or registered or otherwise qualified in
all jurisdictions where in the nature of its assets or the business
transacted makes such licensing, registration or qualification necessary,
(ii) acquire, own, hold, lease and mortgage or grant security in its
assets including real property and personal property and (iii) enter into
and perform its obligations under this Agreement and all other documents
or instruments delivered hereunder;










(c)


this
Agreement and all ancillary instruments or documents issued, executed and
delivered hereunder by the Borrower, have been duly authorized by all
necessary action of the Borrower and each constitutes or will constitute a
legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against
the Borrower in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws
affecting the rights and remedies of creditors and to the general
principles of equity;










(d)


all
authorizations of every governmental authority required to be obtained by
the Borrower in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement and all ancillary instruments and security and other
documents issued, executed and delivered hereunder, have been obtained and
are valid and subsisting;










(e)


other
than amounts owing to IR Gurus PTY LTD., the Borrower is not in breach of
or in default under any material obligation in respect of borrowed money
and the execution and delivery of this Agreement and all ancillary
instruments or documents issued and delivered hereunder or thereunder, and
the performance of the terms hereof and thereof will not be, or result in,
a material violation or breach of, or default under the Borrower's
constating documents, any law, any judgment, agreement or instrument to
which it is a party or may be
bound;


















4




















(f)


the
Security creates a valid registered first charge, lien and security
interest on the property and assets of the Borrower (subject to the
subordination of the interests held by Tiger Paw Capital
Corp.);










(g)


no
litigation or administrative proceedings before any court or governmental
authority are presently ongoing, or have been threatened in writing
received by the Borrower, or to the best of the Borrower's knowledge are
pending, against the Borrower or any of its properties or assets or
affecting any of its properties or assets which could reasonably be
expected to have a material adverse effect on its business, properties or
assets;










(h)


the
financial statements of Red Mile Entertainment, Inc. for the nine months
ended December 31, 2007 (collectively, the "Financial Statements"),
fairly present the financial affairs of Red Mile Entertainment, Inc. and
the Subsidiaries as of the date to which they are made, and have been
prepared in accordance with US generally accepted accounting principles,
consistently applied, except as may be otherwise specified in such
financial statements or the notes
thereto;










(i)


other
than the discontinuance of the sales of the “Jack Ass” game, there has
been no adverse material change (actual, contemplated or threatened) in
the property, assets, business or operations of the Borrower since the
date of release of the Financial Statements, except as disclosed in
writing by the Borrower to the Lender prior to the date of this
Agreement;










(j)


no
order ceasing or suspending trading in securities of the Borrower or
prohibiting the sale of securities by the Borrower has been issued and no
proceedings for this purpose have been instituted or, to the best of the
knowledge of the Borrower, are pending, contemplated or
threatened;










(k)


other
than amounts potentially owing with respect to the Delaware Franchise Tax,
neither Canada Revenue Agency nor any other taxation authority has
asserted or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, has threatened to
assert any assessment, claim or liability for taxes due or to become due
in connection with any review or examination of the tax returns of the
Borrower filed for any year which would have material adverse effect on
the assets, properties, business, results of operations, prospects or
condition (financial or otherwise) of the
Borrower;










(l)


the
Borrower has no direct or indirect subsidiary corporations other
than: (i) 2WG
Media, Inc (Texas Corporation); (ii) Roveractive LTD (a Delaware
Corporation); and (iii) Red Mile Entertainment PTY LTD (an Australian
corporation);










(m)


the
Borrower owns its business, operations and assets and holds good title
thereto, free and clear of all liens, claims or encumbrances (subject to
the subordination of the interests held by Tiger Paw Capital
Corp.);


















5




















(n)


all
factual information previously or contemporaneously furnished to the
Lender by or on behalf of the Borrower for purposes of or in connection
with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby, is true and
accurate in every material respect and such information is not incomplete
by the omission of any material fact necessary to make such information
not misleading;










(o)


the
Borrower is solvent and is generally able to pay its debts as they come
due and will be able to do so after giving effect to the transactions
contemplated in this Agreement; and










(p)


the
chief executive office, principal place of business and place where the
Borrower keeps its books and records is located at 223 San Anselmo Avenue,
Suite #3, San Anselmo, CA 94960.










10.


Positive Covenants of the
Borrower.  The Borrower covenants and agrees that so long
as any monies will be outstanding under this Agreement, it
will:










(a)


at
all times maintain its corporate existence and that of its
Subsidiaries;










(b)


duly
perform its obligations under this Agreement and all other agreements and
instruments executed and delivered hereunder or
thereunder;










(c)


promptly
pay when due all agency or  fees incurred by the Borrower that
are payable in connection with the Facility or this Agreement and
indemnify and save harmless the Lender from all claims in respect of any
such fees;










(d)


carry
on and conduct its business in a proper business-like manner in accordance
with good business practice and will keep or cause to be kept proper books
of account in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;










(e)


at
all times comply with all applicable laws, except such voluntary
non-compliance as shall, in its good faith business judgment, not have a
material adverse effect on the business, properties and assets of the
Borrower taken as a whole;










(f)


pay
and discharge promptly when due, all taxes, assessments and other
governmental charges or levies imposed upon them or upon their properties
or assets, or upon any part thereof, as well as all claims of any kind
(including claims for labour, materials and supplies) which, if unpaid,
would by law become a lien, charge, trust or other claims upon any such
properties or assets, except such as would shall not have a material
adverse effect on the business, properties and assets of the Borrower
taken as a whole, provided however that the Borrower shall not be required
to pay any such tax, assessment, charge or levy or claim if the amount,
applicability or validity thereof shall currently be contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings and if the Borrower shall have set aside
on its books the reserve the extent required by generally accepted
accounting principles in an amount which is reasonably adequate with
respect thereto;










(g)


furnish
and give to the Lender within three (3) Business Days of receipt of any
request from the Lender such reports, certificates, updated financial
statements, including monthly internal financial and operational reports
and documents and such other information with respect to the Borrower,
it's securities and their respective properties and assets, as the Lender
may reasonably request from time to time during the term of this
Agreement;


















6




















(h)


promptly
provide the Lender with written notice of any proposed financing made by
or to any of the Borrower;










(i)


furnish
and give to the Lender (if such is the case) notice that an Event of
Default has occurred and, if applicable, is continuing or notice in
respect of any event which would constitute an Event of Default hereunder
and specifying the nature of same;
and










(j)


perform
and do all such acts and things as are necessary to perfect and maintain
the Security provided to the Lender pursuant to this
Agreement.










11.


Negative Covenants of the
Borrower.  The Borrower covenants and agrees with the
Lender that it will not without first obtaining the written consent of the
Lender:










(a)


except
as permitted pursuant to subparagraph (g), make, give, create or permit or
attempt to make, give or create any mortgage, charge, lien or encumbrance
over any assets of the Borrower;










(b)


change
the name of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary;










(c)


allot
and issue any new shares of any
Subsidiary;










(d)


declare
or provide for any dividends or other payments based on share
capital;










(e)


redeem
or purchase any shares of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary;










(f)


make
any sale of or dispose of any substantial or material part of its
business, assets or undertaking, including its interest in the shares or
assets of any Subsidiary, outside of the ordinary course of
business;










(g)


save
and except for purchase money security interests, chattel mortgages and
equipment leases entered into in the ordinary course of business, borrow
or cause any Subsidiary to borrow money from any person other than the
Lender without first obtaining and delivering to the Lender a duly signed
subordination and postponement of claim by such person in favour of the
Lender, in form and terms satisfactory to the
Lender;










(h)


pay
out any shareholders loans or other indebtedness to non-arm's length
parties; or










(i)


guarantee
the obligations of any other person, directly or
indirectly.










12.


Events of
Default.  Each and every of the events set forth in this
paragraph will be an event of default ("Event of
Default"):










(a)


if
the Borrower fails to make any payment of principal or interest when due
hereunder, and such failure continues for five (5) Business
Days;










(b)


if
the Borrower defaults in observing or performing any material term,
covenant or condition of this Agreement or any other collateral document
delivered hereunder or in connection with the Facility, other than the
payment of monies as provided for in subparagraph (a) hereof, on its part
to be observed or performed and such failure continues for five (5)
Business Days;


















7




















(c)


if
the Borrower is in material default of prescribed filings with applicable
securities regulatory authorities, the stock exchange or market on which
its shares trade (collectively, the "Authorities"), or is
subject to any suspension in excess of two (2) trading days or cease trade
order issued by any such Authority, excluding for clarity a halt in
trading in connection with the review of the potential acquisition with
the Lender;










(d)


if
any of the Borrower's representations, warranties or other statements in
this Agreement or any other collateral document delivered hereunder or in
connection with the Facility were at the time given false or misleading in
any material respect;










(e)


if
the Borrower defaults, in any material respect, in observing or performing
any term, covenant or condition of any debt instrument or obligation by
which it is bound which results in an amount of more than CAD$50,000
becoming due and payable or
accelerated;










(f)


if
the Borrower permits any sum which has been admitted as due by it, or is
not disputed to be due by it, and which forms or is capable of being made
a charge upon any of the assets or undertaking of the Borrower to remain
unpaid or not challenged for 30 days after proceedings have been taken to
enforce the same;










(g)


if
the Borrower, either directly or indirectly through any Subsidiary, ceases
or threatens to cease to carry on
business;










(h)


if
any order is made or issued by a competent regulatory authority ceasing
the trading in shares of the Borrower or if the Borrower's common shares
are suspended or de-listed from trading on any stock exchange, excluding
for clarity a halt in trading in connection with the review of the
potential acquisition with the
Lender;










(i)


if,
in the reasonable opinion of the Lender, a material adverse change occurs
in the financial condition of the
Borrower;










(j)


if
the Lender in good faith and on commercially reasonable grounds believes
that the ability of the Borrower to pay any of the Outstanding Balance to
the Lender or to perform any of the covenants contained in this Agreement
or any other collateral agreement or other document is impaired or any
security granted by the Borrower to the Lender is or is about to be
impaired or in jeopardy;










(k)


if
the Borrower petitions or applies to any tribunal for the appointment of a
trustee, receiver or liquidator or commences any proceedings under any
bankruptcy, insolvency, readjustment of debt or liquidation law of any
jurisdiction, whether now or hereafter in effect;
or










(l)


if
any petition or application for appointment of a trustee, receiver or
liquidator is filed, or any proceedings under any bankruptcy, insolvency,
readjustment of debt or liquidation law are commenced, against the
Borrower which is not opposed by the Borrower in good faith, or an order,
judgment or decree is entered appointing any such trustee, receiver, or
liquidator, or approving the petition in any such
proceeding.


















8




















13.


Effect of Event of
Default.  If any one or more of the Events of Default
occur or occurs and is or are continuing, the Lender may without
limitation in respect of any other rights it may have in law or pursuant
to this Agreement or any other document or instrument delivered hereunder,
demand immediate payment of all monies owing
hereunder.










14.


Lender's Legal
Fees.  The Borrower will pay for the Lender's reasonable
legal fees (on a solicitor and own client basis) and other costs, charges
and expenses (including due diligence expenses) of and incidental to the
security hereunder, including in respect of any enforcement or collection
process thereof.  All amounts will be payable upon presentment
of an invoice.  If not paid within 30 days of presentment of an
invoice, such amount will be added to and form part of the principal
amount of the Facility and shall accrue interest from the date of
presentment of an invoice as if it had been advanced by the Lender to the
Borrower hereunder.










15.


Indemnity.  The
Borrower agrees to indemnify and save harmless the Lender and each of its
directors, officers, employees and agents from and against all
liabilities, claims, losses, damages and reasonable costs and expenses in
any way caused by or arising directly or indirectly from or in consequence
of the occurrence of any Event of Default under this
Agreement.










16.


Notices.  In
this Agreement:










(a)


any
notice or communication required or permitted to be given under this
Agreement will be in writing and will be considered to have been given if
delivered by hand, transmitted by facsimile transmission or mailed by
prepaid registered post to the address or facsimile transmission number of
each party set out below:










(i)


if
to the Lender:








Suite 500, 150 Ferrand
Drive



Toronto, Ontario M3C 3E5



Attention:  Derek van der
Plaat



Fax No.: (416)
621-7715



(ii
)           if to the
Borrower:



Red Mile
Entertainment, Inc.



223 San
Anselmo Avenue, Suite #3, San Anselmo, CA 94960



Attention:  Chester
Aldridge



Fax
No:  (415) 480-1393



or to
such other address or facsimile transmission number as any party may designate
in the manner set out above; and













9




















(b)


notice
or communication will be considered to have been
received:










(i)


if
delivered by hand during business hours on a Business Day, upon receipt by
a responsible representative of the receiver, and if not delivered during
business hours, upon the commencement of business on the next Business
Day;










(ii)


if
sent by facsimile transmission during business hours on a Business Day,
upon the sender receiving confirmation of the transmission, and if not
transmitted during business hours, upon the commencement of business on
the next Business Day; and










(iii)


if
mailed by prepaid registered post upon the fifth Business Day following
posting; except that, in the case of a disruption or an impending or
threatened disruption in postal services every notice or communication
will be delivered by hand or sent by facsimile
transmission.










17.


Assignment.  The
Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the Lender may assign all or part of
the Facility, this Agreement and all collateral agreements, documents or
instruments delivered hereunder to one or more assignees, free from any
right of set-off or counterclaim or equity, subject only to the Lender's
notification of such assignment or assignments being given in writing to
the Borrower, provided that any interest in the Security shall be assigned
only in proportion to the indebtedness under the
Facility.










18.


Agreement to
Pay.  Upon receipt of written notice and direction from
the Lender, the Borrower covenants and agrees to make all payments of
interest and principal due under this Agreement to the Lender and any
assignee pro rata in accordance with their respective proportionate
interests in the Facility as set out in such written notice and direction,
absent which all such payments may be made to the
Lender.










19.


Withholding Taxes,
etc.  All payments in respect of interest under this
Agreement will be made free and clear without deduction or withholdings
for any taxes, duties, fees or other charges, unless those deductions or
withholdings are required by law.  If the Borrower is required
by law to make any such deduction or withholding, it will pay such
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Lender of the full
amount which would have been paid had no such deduction or withholding
been made.  If the Borrower is required by law to make a
deduction or withholding, the Borrower shall make that deduction or
withholding within the time allowed and in the minimum amount required by
law.  Within 30 days of making any such deduction or
withholding, the Borrower shall deliver to the Lender evidence
satisfactory to the Lender that the deduction or withholding has been made
and that appropriate payment has been made to the relevant taxing
authority.










20.


Payments.  All
payments made hereunder shall be made by way of certified cheque, bank
draft or wire transfer by or on behalf of the Borrower and shall be
delivered to the office of the Lender set forth in paragraph 16 above no
later than 2:00 p.m. (Pacific time) on the due date
therefor.  Any payments received after such time shall be
considered for all purposes as having been made on the next following
Business Day.










21.


Enurement.  This
Agreement will enure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties
hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns.










22.


Waivers.  No
failure or delay on the Lender's part in exercising any power or right
hereunder will operate as a waiver
thereof.


















10




















23.


Remedies are
Cumulative.  The Lender's rights and remedies hereunder
are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies at law or in
equity.










24.


Time.  Time is
of the essence of this Agreement and all documents or instruments
delivered hereunder.










25.


Gender and
Number.  Words in one gender include all genders, and
words in the singular include the plural and vice
versa.










26.


Criminal Code
Compliance.  In this paragraph the terms "interest", "criminal rate" and
"credit advanced"
have the meanings ascribed to them in Section 347 of the Criminal Code
(Canada) as amended from time to time.  The Borrower and the
Lender agree that, notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary, no
interest on the Facility or the credit advanced by the Lender under this
Agreement will be payable in excess of that permitted under the laws of
Canada.  If the effective rate of interest, calculated in
accordance with generally accepted actuarial practices and principles,
would exceed the criminal rate on the credit advanced,
then:










(a)


the
elements of return which fall within the term "interest" will be reduced
to the extent necessary to eliminate such
excess;










(b)


any
remaining excess that has been paid will be credited towards prepayment of
the Facility; and










(c)


any
overpayment that may remain after such crediting will be returned
forthwith to the Borrower upon demand, and, in the event of dispute, a
Fellow of the Canadian Institute of Actuaries appointed by the Lender will
perform the relevant calculations and determine the reductions,
modifications and credits necessary to effect the foregoing and the same
will be conclusive and binding on the parties.  This Agreement,
the Note and all related agreements and documents will automatically be
modified to reflect such modifications without the necessity of any
further act or deed of the Borrower and the Lender to give effect to
them.










27.


Invalidity.  If
at any time any one or more of the provisions hereof is or becomes
invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any law, the
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof
will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby to the fullest extent
possible by law.










28.


Governing
Laws.  This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted
in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of
Canada applicable therein.  The Borrower submits to the
non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the Province of Ontario and
agrees to be bound by any suit, action or proceeding commenced in such
Courts and by any order or judgment resulting from such suit, action or
proceeding, but the foregoing will in no way limit the right of the Lender
to commence suits, actions or proceedings based on this Agreement in any
jurisdiction it may deem
appropriate.










29.


Amendment.  This
Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and discussions between the
parties with respect to the subject matter set forth
herein.  This Agreement may be varied or amended only by or
pursuant to an agreement in writing signed by the parties
hereto.  For clarity, the business combination or merger
agreement and letter of intent will not supersede this Agreement in any
manner.


















11




















30.


Schedules.  All
Schedules attached hereto will be deemed fully a part of this
Agreement.










31.


Further
Assurances.  The Borrower will, and will cause its
Subsidiaries, from time to time and upon reasonable request of the Lender
do, execute and deliver all further assurances, acts and documents for the
purpose of giving full force and effect to the covenants, agreements and
provisions herein contained.










32.


Currency.  All
references herein to "dollars", "USD" or "$" are to United States
dollars, unless otherwise
indicated.










33.


Counterparts.  This
Agreement may be signed in one or more counterparts, originally or by
facsimile, each such counterpart taken together will form one and the same
agreement.








TO
EVIDENCE THEIR AGREEMENT each of the parties has executed this Agreement on the
date first above written.







SILVERBIRCH
INC.



Per:



Authorized
Signatory








Per:



Authorized
Signatory







RED
MILE ENTERTAINMENT, INC.








Per:



Authorized
Signatory

















12


















SCHEDULE
"A"





PROMISSORY
NOTE





Principal
Amount:  CAD$750,000



For value
received, RED MILE ENTERTAINMENT, INC. (the "Borrower") hereby promises to
pay to SILVERBIRCH INC. (the "Lender") the principal amount
of seven hundred fifty thousand (CAD$750,000) (the "Principal Amount") on the
earlier of:





(a)


November
7, 2008;










(b)


the
date of any change of control of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries of the
Borrower ("control" being defined
as ownership of or control or direction over, directly or indirectly, 20%
or more of the outstanding voting securities of the Borrower by any party
other than the Lender); and










(c)


the
occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Credit Agreement
dated May 7, 2008 between the Lender and the
Borrower),








together
with interest accruing from and after May 7, 2008, on the outstanding principal
amount and overdue interest, if any, from the date hereof at a rate of ten (10%)
per annum, before and twenty percent (20%) per annum after maturity or default,
payable by the Borrower to the Lender quarterly (every three month anniversary)
in arrears, on the last Business Day of every month.



If after
the advance of the Principal Amount, the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries
sell or otherwise dispose of any assets outside of the ordinary course of
business, now owned by the Borrower, or close one or more equity or debt
financings, the Borrower will pay or cause to be paid to the Lender all proceeds
from such sale, disposition or financing, net of legal fees, financing fees and
any other actual out-of-pocket costs incurred by the Borrower in connection with
such sale, disposition or financing, up to the full amount of the outstanding
balance hereunder (the "Outstanding Balance"), to be
applied on account of the Outstanding Balance.  Any payment made under
this paragraph will be without notice or penalty.



The
Borrower may prepay the Outstanding Balance including all accrued interest
thereon, in whole at any time before maturity, provided that such prepayment is
made on the last Business Day of the calendar month and the Borrower has
provided to the Lender not less than ten (10) Business Days’ prior written
notice of its intention to prepay the Outstanding Balance.



The
undersigned waives demand and presentment for payment, notice of non-payment,
protest, notice of protest and notice of dishonour.  This promissory
note will be governed by and construed in accordance



with the
laws of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein.  In
this promissory note, "Business
Day" means a day which is not a Saturday, Sunday or a statutory holiday
in Ontario.



Dated:  May
7, 2008.








RED
MILE ENTERTAINMENT, INC.



Per:

Authorized
Signatory

















13





