






exv99w1









EXHIBIT-99.1







$250,000,000




FIVE-YEAR REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT




Dated as of August 1, 2007




Among




CNA FINANCIAL CORPORATION

as Borrower




The LENDERS Party Hereto




CITIBANK, N.A.

as Administrative Agent




and




BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.

as Syndication Agent




J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES INC.

as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner




JPMORGAN CHASE BANK N.A. and

WACHOVIA BANK, N.A.

as Documentation Agents






[CS&M Ref. No. 6701-741]
























TABLE OF CONTENTS





Page


ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS
1
SECTION 1.01. Certain Defined Terms
1
SECTION 1.02. Computation of Time Periods
17
SECTION 1.03. Accounting Terms
17


ARTICLE 2 AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE ADVANCES
18
SECTION 2.01. The Advances
18
SECTION 2.02. Making the Advances
18
SECTION 2.03. Certain Fees
20
SECTION 2.04. Reduction and Extensions of the Commitments
21
SECTION 2.05. Increase of Commitments
33
SECTION 2.06. Repayment
24
SECTION 2.07. Interest
24
SECTION 2.08. Additional Interest on Eurodollar Rate Advances
25
SECTION 2.09. Interest Rate Determinations
25
SECTION 2.10. Voluntary Conversion and Continuation of Advances
27
SECTION 2.11. Prepayments of Advances
27
SECTION 2.12. Increased Costs
28
SECTION 2.13. Illegality
29
SECTION 2.14. Payments and Computations
29
SECTION 2.15. Taxes
30
SECTION 2.16. Set-Off; Sharing of Payments, Etc.
32
SECTION 2.17. Right to Replace a Lender
33
SECTION 2.18. Evidence of Indebtedness
33


ARTICLE 3 CONDITIONS OF LENDING
34
SECTION 3.01. Conditions Precedent to Initial Borrowing
34
SECTION 3.02. Conditions Precedent to Each Borrowing
35


ARTICLE 4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
36
SECTION 4.01. Representations and Warranties of the Borrower
36


ARTICLE 5 COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER
39
SECTION 5.01. Covenants
39


ARTICLE 6 EVENTS OF DEFAULT
45
SECTION 6.01. Events of Default
45


ARTICLE 7 THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT
47
SECTION 7.01. Authorization and Action
47






i

















Page
SECTION 7.02. Administrative Agent’s Reliance, Etc.
47
SECTION 7.03. Administrative Agent and Affiliates
48
SECTION 7.04. Lender Credit Decision
48
SECTION 7.05. Indemnification
48
SECTION 7.06. Successor Administrative Agent
49
SECTION 7.07. Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner and Syndication Agent
49


ARTICLE 8 MISCELLANEOUS
50
SECTION 8.01. Amendments, Etc.
50
SECTION 8.02. Notices, Etc.
50
SECTION 8.03. No Waiver; Remedies
51
SECTION 8.04. Costs, Expenses and Indemnification
51
SECTION 8.05. Binding Effect
53
SECTION 8.06. Assignments and Participations
53
SECTION 8.07. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction
56
SECTION 8.08. Severability
56
SECTION 8.09. Execution in Counterparts
57
SECTION 8.10. Survival
57
SECTION 8.11. Waiver of Jury Trial
57
SECTION 8.12. Confidentiality
57
SECTION 8.13. Nonliability of Lenders; No Fiduciary Relationship
58
SECTION 8.14. USA Patriot Act
58






ii
















SCHEDULES





Schedule I

- Lenders and Commitments
Schedule II

- Existing Liens






EXHIBITS





Exhibit A

- Form of Notice of Borrowing
Exhibit B

- Form of Assignment and Acceptance
Exhibit C

- Form of Opinion of Counsel
for the Borrower
Exhibit D

- Form of Compliance Certificate of Borrower
Exhibit E

- Form of Promissory Note







iii
















REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of August 1, 2007 (this
“Agreement”), among CNA FINANCIAL CORPORATION, a corporation organized
under the laws of Delaware (the “Borrower”); the LENDERS from time to time
party hereto; and CITIBANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent.



The Borrower has requested that the Lenders (such term and each other capitalized term used
and not otherwise defined herein having the meaning assigned to it in Article I) extend credit in
the form of Commitments under which the Borrower may obtain Advances in an aggregate principal
amount not exceeding $250,000,000 at any one time outstanding for the general corporate purposes of
the Borrower (including to support the Borrower’s commercial paper program, if any, and to finance
Acquisitions, if any).




The Lenders are prepared to extend such credit upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth herein. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows:




ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS





SECTION 1.01. Certain Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the
following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable
to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):




“Acquisition” means any transaction, or any series of related transactions,
consummated after the date of this Agreement, by which the Borrower and/or any of its
Subsidiaries (i) acquires any Person or all or substantially all of the assets of any
Person, whether through the purchase of assets, merger or otherwise, (ii) directly or
indirectly acquires (in one transaction or as the most recent transaction in a series of
transactions) control of at least a majority of Voting Stock of another Person or (iii)
directly or indirectly acquires control of a 50% ownership interest in any partnership,
joint venture or other entity, or of any general partnership (or equivalent) interest in
any such entity.




“Administrative Agent” means Citibank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative
agent for the Lenders hereunder or any successor in such capacity.




“Administrative Questionnaire” means an administrative questionnaire in a form
supplied by the Administrative Agent.




“Advance” means an advance by a Lender to the Borrower as part of a Borrowing
and refers to a Base Rate Advance or a Eurodollar Rate Advance.



1
















“Affiliate” means, as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or
indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person.




“Aggregate Specified Indebtedness” means the aggregate Specified Indebtedness
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined on a Consolidated basis in accordance,
subject to the provisos of the definition of Specified Indebtedness, with GAAP;
provided that Qualifying SPV Indebtedness of all Qualifying SPVs (and Guarantees of
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries which are not Qualifying SPVs in respect of such
Qualifying SPV Indebtedness) shall only be included in the calculation of Aggregate
Specified Indebtedness at any time to the extent that it constitutes Qualifying SPV Net
Indebtedness at such time.




“Anniversary Date” has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(b)(i).




“Annual Statement” means the annual statutory financial statement of any
Insurance Subsidiary required to be filed with the insurance commissioner (or similar
authority) of its jurisdiction of incorporation, which statement shall be in the form
required by such Insurance Subsidiary’s jurisdiction of incorporation or, if no specific
form is so required, in the form of financial statements recommended by the NAIC to be used
for filing annual statutory financial statements and shall contain the type of information
recommended by the NAIC to be disclosed therein, together with all exhibits or schedules
filed therewith.




“Applicable Rate” means, for any day, with respect to any Eurodollar Rate
Advance or the facility fees or utilization fees payable hereunder, the applicable rate per
annum set forth below under the caption “Eurodollar Rate Spread”, “Facility Fee”, or
“Utilization Fee” as the case may be, based upon the ratings by each of Standard & Poor’s
and Moody’s applicable on such date to the Index Debt on such date:




Eurodollar Rate
Ratings	 	Facility Fee	 	Spread	 	Utilization Fee
(Standard &	 	(basis points per	 	(basis points per	 	(basis points per
Poor’s/Moody’s)	 	annum)	 	annum)	 	annum)
Category 1
³A3/A-	 	 	 	7.0	 	 	 	18.0	 	 	 	10.0
Category 2
Baa1/BBB+	 	 	8.0	 	 	 	27.0	 	 	 	10.0
Category 3
Baa2/BBB	 	 	10.0	 	 	 	35.0	 	 	 	10.0
Category 4
Baa3/BBB-	 	 	11.0	 	 	 	44.0	 	 	 	10.0
Category 5
< Baa3/BBB-	 	 	15.0	 	 	 	60.0	 	 	 	10.0







For purposes of the foregoing, (a) if either Moody’s or Standard & Poor’s shall
not have in effect a rating for the Index Debt (other than by reason of the circumstances
referred to in the last sentence of this definition), then such rating agency shall be
deemed to have established a rating in Category 5; (b) if the




2

















ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody’s and Standard &
Poor’s for the Index Debt shall fall within different Categories, the Applicable Rate shall
be based on the higher of the two ratings unless one of the two ratings is two or more
Categories lower than the other, in which case the Applicable Rate shall be determined by
reference to the Category next below that of the higher of the two ratings; and (c) if the
ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s for
the Index Debt shall be changed (other than as a result of a change in the rating system of
Moody’s or Standard & Poor’s), such change shall be effective as of the date on which it is
first publicly announced by the applicable rating agency. Each change in the Applicable
Rate shall apply during the period commencing on the effective date of such change and
ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. If
the rating system of Moody’s or Standard & Poor’s shall change, or if either such rating
agency shall cease to be in the business of rating corporate debt obligations, the Borrower
and the Lenders shall negotiate in good faith to amend this definition to reflect such
changed rating system or the unavailability of ratings from such rating agency and, pending
the effectiveness of any such amendment, the Applicable Rate shall be determined by
reference to the rating most recently in effect prior to such change or cessation.





“Applicable Lending Office” means, with respect to any Lender, such Lender’s
Domestic Lending Office in the case of a Base Rate Advance and such Lender’s Eurodollar
Lending Office in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Advance.




“Approved Fund” means, with respect to any Lender that is a fund that invests
in bank loans, any other fund that invests in bank loans and is managed by the same
investment advisor as such Lender or by an Affiliate of such investment advisor.




“Arranger” means J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.




“Assignment and Acceptance” means an assignment and acceptance entered into by
a Lender and an Eligible Assignee, and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in
substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto.




“Balance Sheet Indebtedness” means Indebtedness of any Person that would
appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP.




“Base Rate” means for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greater of (a)
the Prime Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on such day
plus 1/2 of 1%. Any change in the Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate or Federal
Funds Rate shall be effective from and including the



3














effective date of such change in the Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Rate,
respectively.





“Base Rate Advance” means an Advance which bears interest at rates based upon
the Base Rate.




“Bloomberg Page BBAL” means the display designated as page “BBAL” on the
Bloomberg Service or, if unavailable, such other page as may replace page “BBAL” on that
service or such other service as may be nominated by the British Bankers’ Association as
the information vendor for the purpose of displaying British Bankers’ Association Interest
Settlement Rates for U.S. dollar deposits.




“Borrowing” means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Advances of the same
Type made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01.




“Business Day” means a day of the year on which banks are not required or
authorized to close in New York City and, if the applicable Business Day relates to any
Eurodollar Rate Advance, on which dealings are carried on in the London interbank market.




“CAC” means Continental Assurance Company, an Illinois insurance company.




“Capitalized Lease” of a Person means any lease of Property by such Person as
lessee which would be capitalized on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance
with GAAP.




“Capitalized Lease Obligations” of a Person means the amount of the
obligations of such Person under Capitalized Leases which would be shown as a liability on
a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP.




“CCC” means Continental Casualty Company, an Illinois insurance company.




“Change in Control” means Loews shall cease to own beneficially and of record,
free and clear of all Liens, other encumbrances, or voting agreements, restrictions or
trusts of any kind at least 51% of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Borrower
on a fully diluted basis and shares representing the right to elect a majority of the
directors of the Borrower; provided, however, that a Change in Control
shall not be deemed to have occurred at any time (a) Loews owns more of the capital stock
of the Borrower than any other Person (including Persons acting in concert with such
Person), (b) Loews owns beneficially and of record, free and clear of all Liens, other
encumbrances or voting agreements, restrictions or trusts of any kind at least 35% of the
outstanding shares of capital



4














stock of the Borrower on a fully diluted basis and (c) a majority of the members of
the Borrower’s Board of Directors are officers or designees of Loews or the Borrower or any
Significant Subsidiary.





“CIC” means The Continental Insurance Company, a Pennsylvania insurance
company.




“Closing Date” means the date of this Agreement.




“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.




“Commitment” has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(a).




“Commitment Termination Date” means August 1, 2012 or, in the case of any
Lender whose Commitment is extended pursuant to Section 2.04(b), the date to which such
Commitment is extended; provided in each case that if any such date is not a
Business Day, the relevant Commitment Termination Date of such Lender shall be the
immediately preceding Business Day. When the term “Commitment Termination Date” is used
herein without reference to any particular Lender, such term shall, in such instance, be
deemed to be a reference to the latest Commitment Termination Date of any of the Lenders
then in effect hereunder.




“Consolidated” refers to the consolidation of accounts of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP.




“Consolidated Net Income” means, for any period, the net income of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in
accordance with GAAP




“Consolidated Net Worth” means, at any date of determination, the amount of
consolidated common and preferred shareholders’ equity of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries, determined as at such date in accordance with GAAP; provided,
however, that unrealized appreciation and depreciation of securities which are
classified as available for sale and are subject to FASB 115 shall be excluded when
computing Consolidated Net Worth; provided further that for purposes of calculating
Consolidated Net Worth, such calculation shall (a) include Qualifying SPV Net Asset Value
of all Qualifying SPVs in lieu of Qualifying SPV Asset Value for such Qualifying SPVs and
(b) subtract Qualifying SPV Net Indebtedness of all Qualifying SPVs in lieu of Qualifying
SPV Indebtedness for such Qualifying SPVs.



5
















“Continuation”, “Continue” and “Continued” each refers to a
continuation of Eurodollar Rate Advances from one Interest Period to the next Interest
Period pursuant to Section 2.10(b).




“Controlled Group” means all members of a controlled group of corporations and
all trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control which, together
with the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, are treated as a single employer under
Section 414 of the Code.




“Convert”, “Conversion” and “Converted” each refers to a
conversion of Advances of one Type into Advances of the other Type pursuant to Section 2.09
or Section 2.10(a).




“Default” means an event that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would
become an Event of Default.




“Domestic Lending Office” means, with respect to any Lender, the office of
such Lender specified as its “Domestic Lending Office” in the Administrative Questionnaire
of such Lender or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender, or
such other office of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify to the
Borrower and the Administrative Agent.




“Effective Date” means the earliest date as of which the conditions precedent
to effectiveness set forth in Section 3.01 shall have been satisfied or waived.




“Eligible Assignee” means:




(a) a Lender and any Affiliate of such Lender (excluding any such Affiliate primarily
engaged in the insurance or mutual fund business);




(b) a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States, or any State
thereof, and having total assets in excess of $1,000,000,000;




(c) a savings bank organized under the laws of the United States, or any State
thereof, and having total assets in excess of $500,000,000;




(d) a commercial bank organized under the laws of any other country which is a member
of the OECD or a political subdivision of any such country, and having total assets in
excess of $1,000,000,000; and




(e) a finance company or other financial institution or fund (whether a corporation,
partnership or other Person, but excluding any corporation, partnership or other Person
primarily engaged in the insurance or mutual fund business) which is engaged in making,
purchasing or otherwise investing in



6















commercial loans in the ordinary course of its business, and having total assets in
excess of $500,000,000.





“Environmental Law” means any federal, state or local governmental law, rule,
regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction or decree relating to pollution or protection
of the environment or the treatment, storage, disposal, release, threatened release or
handling of Hazardous Materials, including, without limitation, Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, the Resource Conservation and Recovery
Act, the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, the Clean Water Act, the Toxic Substances
Control Act, the Clean Air Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, the Atomic Energy Act and the
Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, in each case, as amended from time to
time.




“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder.




“Eurocurrency Liabilities” has the meaning assigned to that term in Regulation
D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time.




“Eurodollar Lending Office” means, with respect to any Lender, the office of
such Lender specified as its “Eurodollar Lending Office” in the Administrative
Questionnaire of such Lender or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it
became a Lender (or, if no such office is specified, its Domestic Lending Office), or such
other office of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify to the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent.




“Eurodollar Rate” means, for any Interest Period for each Eurodollar Rate
Advance, the rate per annum (rounded upward, if necessary, to the nearest whole multiple of
1/100 of 1% per annum) appearing on Bloomberg Page BBAL as of 11:00 A.M. (London time) on
the date (as to any Interest Period, the “Determination Date”) that is two Business
Days before the first day of such Interest Period, as LIBOR for a period equal to such
Interest Period. In the event that Bloomberg Page BBAL shall cease to report such LIBOR
or, in the reasonable judgment of the Majority Lenders, shall cease to accurately reflect
such LIBOR, then the “Eurodollar Rate” with respect to such Interest Period for such
Eurodollar Rate Advance shall be the rate per annum equal to the average of the rates per
annum at which deposits in U.S. dollars are offered by the principal office of each of the
Reference Banks in London, England to leading banks in the London interbank market at 11:00
A.M. (London time) on the Determination Date in an amount substantially equal to such
Reference Bank’s Eurodollar Rate Advance comprising part of the related Borrowing and for a
period equal to such



7















Interest Period. The Eurodollar Rate for any Interest Period for each Eurodollar Rate
Advance shall be determined by the Administrative Agent on the basis of the applicable rate
appearing on Bloomberg Page BBAL as aforesaid (or the applicable rates furnished to and
received by the Administrative Agent from the Reference Banks) on the Determination Date
for such Interest Period, subject, however, to the provisions of Section
2.09.





“Eurodollar Rate Advance” means an Advance which bears interest at rates based
upon the Eurodollar Rate.




“Eurodollar Rate Reserve Percentage” of any Lender for any Interest Period for
any Eurodollar Rate Advance means the reserve percentage applicable during such Interest
Period (or if more than one such percentage shall be so applicable, the daily average of
such percentages for those days in such Interest Period during which any such percentage
shall be so applicable) under regulations issued from time to time by the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for determining the maximum
reserve requirement (including, without limitation, any emergency, supplemental or other
marginal reserve requirement) for such Lender with respect to liabilities or assets
consisting of or including Eurocurrency Liabilities having a term equal to such Interest
Period.




“Events of Default” has the meaning specified in Section 6.01.




“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time
to time.




“Excluded Representations” means the representations and warranties set forth
in clause (v) of Section 4.01(e) and in Section 4.01(f).




“Existing Commitment Termination Date” has the meaning specified in Section
2.04(b)(i).




“Exposure” means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the
outstanding principal amount of such Lender’s Advances.




“Federal Funds Rate” means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per
annum equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of the rates on
overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by
Federal funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day,
for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such
rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations
for such day on such transactions



8















received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized
standing selected by it.





“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of
America as in effect from time to time.




“Governmental Authority” means the federal government, any state or other
political subdivision thereof and any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government including, without
limitation, any board of insurance, insurance department or insurance commissioner.




“Guarantee” of or by any Person (the “guarantor”) means any
obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic
effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness of any other Person (the “primary obligor”)
in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any such obligation of the
guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the
purchase or payment of ) such Indebtedness or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds
for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease
property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness
of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other
financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the
primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or (d) as an account party in respect of any
letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness,
provided, that the terms Guarantee shall not include (a) endorsements for
collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business and (b) obligations incurred by
any Insurance Subsidiary in the ordinary course of its financial guaranty or other
business.




“Hazardous Materials” means (a) petroleum or petroleum products, natural or
synthetic gas, asbestos in any form that is or could become friable, and radon gas, (b) any
substances defined as or included in the definition of “hazardous substances”, “hazardous
wastes”, “hazardous materials”, “extremely hazardous wastes”, “restricted hazardous
wastes”, “toxic substances”, “toxic pollutants”, “contaminants” or “pollutants”, or words
of similar meaning and regulatory effect, under any Environmental Law and (c) any other
substance exposure to which is regulated under any Environmental Law.




“Hostile Acquisition” means an Acquisition that has not been approved by the
board of directors of the target company prior to the commencement of a tender offer, proxy
contest or the like in respect thereof.




“Indebtedness” of a Person means, without duplication, such Person’s (a)
obligations for borrowed money, (b) obligations representing the deferred



9















purchase price of Property or services (excluding accounts payable arising in the
ordinary course of such Person’s business payable on terms customary in the trade), (c)
obligations, whether or not assumed, secured by Liens or payable out of the proceeds or
production from Property now or hereafter owned or acquired by such Person, (d) obligations
which are evidenced by notes, acceptances, or similar instruments, (e) Capitalized Lease
Obligations, (f) net Rate Hedging Obligations, (g) Guarantees, (h) obligations for which
such Person is obligated pursuant to or in respect of a Letter of Credit and (i) repurchase
obligations or liabilities of such Person with respect to accounts, notes receivable or
securities sold by such Person (but excluding the obligations of any Insurance Subsidiary
in respect of the repurchase of securities pursuant to Repurchase Agreements or the lending
of securities pursuant to securities lending arrangements, in each case, entered into in
the ordinary course of business).




“Index Debt” means senior, unsecured, long-term indebtedness for borrowed
money of the Borrower that is not guaranteed by any other Person or subject to any other
credit enhancement.



“Insurance Regulatory Authority” means, for the Borrower or any Insurance
Subsidiary, the insurance department or similar administrative authority or agency located
in the state in which the Borrower or such Insurance Subsidiary is domiciled.



“Insurance Subsidiary” means a Subsidiary of the Borrower which is engaged in
any insurance business.



“Interest Period” means, with respect to any Eurodollar Rate Advance, the
period beginning on the date such Eurodollar Rate Advance is made or Continued, or
Converted from a Base Rate Advance, and ending on the last day of the period selected by
the Borrower pursuant to the provisions below. The duration of each Interest Period shall
be one, two, three or six months, or if all Lenders agree, nine or twelve months, as the
Borrower may, upon notice received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 P.M.
(New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the first day of such Interest
Period, select; provided that:




(i) the Borrower may not select any Interest Period for any Lender that ends
after the Commitment Termination Date in effect for such Lender;




(ii) each Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar
month (or on any day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the
appropriate subsequent calendar month) shall



10














end on the last Business Day of the appropriate subsequent calendar month; and





(iii) whenever the last day of any Interest Period would otherwise occur on a
day other than a Business Day, the last day of such Interest Period shall be
extended to occur on the next succeeding Business Day, provided that, if
such extension would cause the last day of such Interest Period to occur in the
next following calendar month, the last day of such Interest Period shall occur on
the next preceding Business Day.




“Invested Assets” means, as of the end of any calendar year, the sum of total
investments, cash and cash equivalents, accrued investment income and receivables for
securities sold, all calculated consistently with the calculation of such items in the
audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such calendar
year.




“JPMCB” means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its successors.




“Lenders” means the lenders listed on the signature pages hereof and each
Person that shall become a party hereto pursuant to Sections 2.05 and 8.06(a), (b) and (c).




“Letter of Credit” of a Person means a letter of credit or similar instrument
which is issued upon the application of such Person or upon which such Person is an account
party or for which such Person is in any way liable.




“LIBOR” means the London Interbank Offered Rate at which eurocurrency
deposits for one, two, three or six months (as selected by the Borrower), or if all Lenders
agree, nine or twelve months, are offered in the London interbank market.




“License” means any license, certificate of authority, permit or other
authorization which is required to be obtained from the Governmental Authority in
connection with the operation, ownership or transaction of insurance business.




“Lien” means any lien, security interest or other charge or encumbrance of any
kind, or any other type of preferential arrangement having substantially the same effect as
a lien, including, without limitation, the lien or retained security title of a conditional
vendor.




“Loews” means Loews Corporation, a Delaware corporation.




“Majority Lenders” means, at any time, Lenders having Exposures and unused
Commitments representing more than 50% of the sum of the total Exposures and unused
Commitments at such time.



11
















“Margin Stock” means margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U.




“Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on (i) the business,
condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) the legality, validity or enforceability of this
Agreement or (iii) the ability of the Borrower to pay and perform its obligations
hereunder.




“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and its successors.




“Multiemployer Plan” means a Plan maintained pursuant to a collective
bargaining agreement or any other arrangement to which the Borrower or any member of the
Controlled Group is a party to which more than one employer is obligated to make
contributions.




“Municipal Bond” means direct obligations of, and obligations for which the
timely payment of principal of and interest is fully and expressly guaranteed by, any
state, local government, municipality or other political subdivision of any state of the
United States of America.




“NAIC” means the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any
successor thereto, or in lieu thereof, any other association, agency or other organization
performing advisory, coordination or other like functions among insurance departments,
insurance commissions and similar Governmental Authorities of the various states of the
United States of America toward the promotion of uniformity in the practices of such
Governmental Authorities.




“Notice of Borrowing” has the meaning specified in Section 2.02(a).




“OECD” means the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.




“PBGC” means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any successor.




“Permitted Securitization Transaction” means any Securitization Transaction,
but only to the extent that the aggregate “capital”, facility limit or other principal
equivalent amount of such Securitization Transactions which the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries may enter into (measured in the case of revolving Securitization Transactions
by the maximum capital, facility limit or other principal equivalent amount which may be
outstanding at any time) shall not exceed at any time 10% of the Invested Assets of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP as of the end
of the preceding calendar year.



12
















“Person” means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business
trust), limited liability company, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association,
joint venture or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency
thereof.




“Plan” means an employee pension benefit plan, as defined in Section 3(2) of
ERISA, maintained, sponsored or contributed to by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
or, with respect to such a plan that is subject to Title IV of ERISA, by any member of the
Controlled Group.




“Prime Rate” means the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time
to time by JPMCB as its prime rate in effect at its principal office in New York City; each
change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is
publicly announced as being effective.




“Property” of a Person means any and all property, whether real, personal,
tangible, intangible, or mixed, of such Person, or other assets owned, leased or operated
by such Person.




“Qualifying SPV” means any Person which is formed by the Borrower as a special
purpose entity for the primary purpose of holding Qualifying SPV Assets in the ordinary
course of investment activities and issuing Indebtedness secured by such Qualifying SPV
Assets.




“Qualifying SPV Asset Value” means the fair market value of all Qualifying SPV
Assets.




“Qualifying SPV Assets” means Municipal Bonds and other financial assets which
are owned by a Qualifying SPV.




“Qualifying SPV Indebtedness” means Indebtedness for borrowed money of all
Qualifying SPVs.




“Qualifying SPV Net Asset Value” means, at any time of calculation, the
excess, if any, at such time of (a) Qualifying SPV Asset Value over (b) Qualifying SPV
Indebtedness.




“Qualifying SPV Net Indebtedness” means, at any time of calculation, the
excess, if any, at such time of (a) Qualifying SPV Indebtedness over (b) Qualifying SPV
Asset Value.




“Quarterly Statement” means the quarterly statutory financial statement of any
Insurance Subsidiary required to be filed with the insurance commissioner (or similar
authority) of its jurisdiction of incorporation, which statement shall be in the form
required by such Insurance Subsidiary’s jurisdiction of incorporation or,



13

















if no specific form is so required, in the form of financial statements recommended by
the NAIC to be used for filing quarterly statutory financial statements and shall contain
the type of information recommended by the NAIC to be disclosed therein, together with all
exhibits or schedules filed therewith.





“Rate Hedging Obligations” of a Person means any and all obligations of such
Person, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising,
evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and
substitutions therefor), under (a) any and all agreements, devices or arrangements designed
to protect at least one of the parties thereto from the fluctuations of interest rates,
exchange rates or forward rates applicable to such party’s assets, liabilities or exchange
transactions, including, but not limited to, dollar-denominated or cross-currency interest
rate exchange agreements, forward currency exchange agreements, interest rate cap or collar
protection agreements, forward rate currency or interest rate options, puts and warrants,
and (b) any and all cancellations, buybacks, reversals, terminations or assignments of any
of the foregoing.




“Receivables” means accounts receivable, premiums, reinsurance payments or
other present or future rights to payment.




“Receivables Related Assets” shall mean in connection with any Securitization
Transaction the collective reference to (a) any rights arising under the documentation
governing or relating to such Receivables covered by such Securitization Transaction
(including rights in respect of Liens securing such Receivables and other credit support in
respect of such Receivables), (b) any proceeds of such Receivables and any lockboxes or
accounts in which such proceeds are deposited, (c) spread accounts and other similar
accounts (and any amounts on deposit therein) established in connection with such
securitization or asset-backed financing and (d) any warranty, indemnity, dilution and
other intercompany claim arising out of the documentation evidencing such securitization or
asset-backed financing.




“Reference Banks” means the principal London offices of JPMCB and Citibank,
N.A.




“Register” has the meaning specified in Section 8.06(d).




“Regulations T, U and X” means Regulations T, U and X issued by the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as from time to time amended.




“Reportable Event” means a reportable event as defined in Section 4043 of
ERISA and the regulations issued under such section, with respect to a Plan, excluding,
however, such events as to which the PBGC has by regulation waived



14















the requirement of Section 4043(a) of ERISA that it be notified within 30 days of the
occurrence of such event, provided, however, that a failure to meet the
minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code and of Section 302 of ERISA shall be a
Reportable Event regardless of the issuance of any such waiver of the notice requirement in
accordance with either Section 4043(a) of ERISA or Section 412(d) of the Code.





“Repurchase Agreements” means reverse repurchase arrangements with respect to
securities and financial instruments.




“Responsible Officer” of the Borrower means the Chief Executive Officer, the
Treasurer, the Secretary, any Executive Vice President, any Senior Vice President, any
Group Vice President, any Vice President or any Director of the Borrower.




“SAP” means the accounting procedures and practices prescribed or permitted by
the applicable Insurance Regulatory Authority.




“SEC” means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or any
Governmental Authority succeeding to the functions of said Commission.




“Securitization Transaction” means any transaction in which the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries sells or otherwise transfers an interest in Receivables and
Receivables Related Assets to (i) a special purpose entity that borrows against such
Receivables and Receivables Related Assets or (ii) sells such Receivables and Receivables
Related Assets to one or more third party purchasers.




“Significant Insurance Subsidiary” means any Significant Subsidiary which is
an Insurance Subsidiary.




“Significant Subsidiary” of a Person means any Subsidiary (i) the revenues of
which for the most recent period of four fiscal quarters of the Borrower for which audited
financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 were greater than 5% of
the Borrower’s consolidated revenues for such period or (ii) the assets of which as of the
end of such period were greater than 5% of the Borrower’s consolidated assets as of such
date; provided that if at any time the aggregate amount of the revenues or assets
of all Subsidiaries that are not Significant Subsidiaries for or at the end of any period
of four fiscal quarters exceeds 10% of the Borrower’s consolidated revenues for such period
or 10% of the Borrower’s consolidated assets as of the end of such period, the Borrower
shall (or, in the event the Borrower has failed to do so within 10 days, the Administrative
Agent may) designate sufficient Subsidiaries as “Significant Subsidiaries” to eliminate
such excess, and such designated Subsidiaries shall for all purposes of this Agreement
constitute Significant Subsidiaries. For purposes



15

















of making the determinations required by this definition, revenues and assets of
foreign Subsidiaries shall be converted into US Dollars at the rates used in preparing the
consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower included in the applicable financial statements.




“Single Employer Plan” means a Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA maintained by
the Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group for employees of the Borrower or any
member of the Controlled Group, other than a Multiemployer Plan.




“Specified Indebtedness” of any Person means (a) Balance Sheet Indebtedness of
such Person and (b) all Guarantees in respect of Balance Sheet Indebtedness of any other
Person, excluding such Guarantees incurred by any Insurance Subsidiary in the ordinary
course of its financial guaranty or other business; provided that there shall be
included in any computation of Specified Indebtedness described in (b) the entire principal
amount of the Guarantees; provided further that Specified Indebtedness shall not
include (i) Indebtedness for money borrowed or (ii) Guarantees, in each case, incurred in
connection with any Permitted Securitization Transaction.




“Standard & Poor’s” means Standard & Poor’s Ratings Service, presently a
division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and its successors.




“Subsidiary” means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership,
limited liability company or other entity of which at least a majority of the securities or
other ownership interests having by the terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect a
majority of the board of directors or other persons performing similar functions of such
corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity (irrespective of
whether or not at the time securities or other ownership interests of any other class or
classes of such corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity shall
have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the
time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person or one or more Subsidiaries
of such Person or by such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person.




“Substantial Portion” means, with respect to the Property of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries, Property which represents more than 10% of the consolidated assets of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries as would be shown in the consolidated statements of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the beginning of the twelve-month period ending with
the month in which such determination is made.




“Termination Event” means, with respect to a Plan which is subject to Title IV
of ERISA, (a) a Reportable Event, (b) the withdrawal of the Borrower or




16
















any other member of the Controlled Group from such Plan during a plan year in
which the Borrower or any other member of the Controlled Group was a “substantial employer”
as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or was deemed such under Section 4069 of ERISA,
(c) the termination of such Plan, the filing of a notice of intent to terminate such Plan
or the treatment of an amendment of such Plan as a termination under Section 4041 of ERISA
or (d) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate such Plan, in each case
which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.




“Type” refers to whether an Advance is a Base Rate Advance or a Eurodollar
Rate Advance.




“Unfunded Liabilities” means the amount (if any) by which the present value of
all vested and unvested accrued benefits under a Single Employer Plan exceeds the fair
market value of assets allocable to such benefits, all determined as of the then most
recent valuation date for such Plans using the PBGC actuarial assumptions utilized for
purposes of determining the current liability for purposes of such valuation.




“Voting Stock” means, for any Person at any time, the outstanding securities
of such Person entitled to vote generally in an election of directors of such Person.




“Wholly-Owned Subsidiary” of a Person means (a) any Subsidiary all of the
outstanding voting securities of which (other than directors’ qualifying shares) shall at
the time be owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more
Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person, or by such Person and one or more Wholly-Owned
Subsidiaries of such Person, or (b) any partnership, association, joint venture or similar
business organization 100% of the ownership interests having ordinary voting power of which
shall at the time be so owned or controlled. Unless otherwise expressly provided, all
references herein to a “Wholly-Owned Subsidiary” shall mean a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of
the Borrower.



SECTION 1.02. Computation of Time Periods. In this Agreement in the computation of
periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word “from” means “from and
including” and the words “to” and “until” mean “to but excluding”.




SECTION 1.03. Accounting Terms. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all
terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP or SAP, as
the case may be, as in effect from time to time; provided that, if the Borrower notifies
the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to
eliminate the effect of any change




17

















occurring after the Closing Date in GAAP or SAP or in the application thereof on the operation
of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Lenders request an
amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given
before or after such change in GAAP or SAP or in the application thereof, then (a) the parties
hereto shall negotiate in good faith to agree on an amendment to such provision that appropriately
compensates for such change in GAAP or SAP and (b) pending the effectiveness of any such amendment,
such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP or SAP as in effect and applied
immediately before such change shall have become effective.




ARTICLE 2

AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE ADVANCES




SECTION 2.01. The Advances.




(a) Each Lender severally agrees, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, to make
Advances to the Borrower from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Effective
Date until the Commitment Termination Date in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time
outstanding the amount set opposite such Lender’s name on Schedule I hereto or, if such Lender has
entered into an Assignment and Acceptance, set forth for such Lender in the Register, as such
amount may be reduced pursuant to Section 2.04(a) (such Lender’s “Commitment”).




(b) Each Borrowing and each Conversion or Continuation thereof (i) shall (except as otherwise
provided in Sections 2.09(f) and (g)) be in an aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or an integral
multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and (ii) shall consist of Advances of the same Type (and,
if such Advances are Eurodollar Rate Advances, having the same Interest Period) made, Continued or
Converted on the same day by the Lenders ratably according to their respective Commitments. Within
the limits of each Lender’s Commitment, the Borrower may from time to time borrow, prepay pursuant
to Section 2.11(b) and reborrow under this Section 2.01.




SECTION 2.02. Making the Advances.





(a) (i) Each Borrowing shall be made on notice, given not later than 12:00 P.M. (New
York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of such Borrowing (in the case
of a Borrowing consisting of Eurodollar Rate Advances) or given not later than 12:00 P.M.
(New York City time) on the Business Day of such Borrowing (in the case of a Borrowing
consisting of Base Rate Advances), by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, which shall
give to each Lender prompt notice thereof.




(ii) Each such notice of a Borrowing (a “Notice of Borrowing”) shall be in
writing in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto, specifying therein the
requested (i) date of such Borrowing, (ii) Type of Advances comprising such



18

















Borrowing, (iii) aggregate amount of such Borrowing, and (iv) in the case of a
Borrowing consisting of Eurodollar Rate Advances, initial Interest Period for each such
Advance.




(iii) Each Lender shall, before 1:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the date of such
Borrowing, make available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the
Administrative Agent at its address referred to in Section 8.02, in same day funds, such
Lender’s ratable portion of such Borrowing; provided that, with respect to a
Borrowing of a Eurodollar Rate Advance, no Lender having a Commitment Termination Date
prior to the last day of the initial Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Advance shall
participate in such Borrowing.




(iv) After the Administrative Agent’s receipt of such funds and upon fulfillment of
the applicable conditions set forth in Article 3, the Administrative Agent will make such
funds available to the Borrower at the Administrative Agent’s aforesaid address.



(b) Anything in subsection (a) above to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower may select
Eurodollar Rate Advances for any Borrowing only in an aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or an
integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof.




(c) Each Notice of Borrowing shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower. In the case of
any Borrowing which the related Notice of Borrowing specifies is to be comprised of Eurodollar Rate
Advances, the Borrower shall indemnify each Lender against any loss, cost or expense (excluding
loss of profit) reasonably incurred by such Lender as a result of any failure to make such
Borrowing (including, without limitation, as a result of any failure to fulfill, on or before the
date specified in such Notice of Borrowing, the applicable conditions set forth in Article 3) and
the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender to fund the
Advance to be made by such Lender as part of such Borrowing. A certificate as to the amount of
such losses, costs and expenses, submitted to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent by such
Lender, shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.




(d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the date
of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s
ratable portion of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made
such portion available to the Administrative Agent on the date of such Borrowing in accordance with
subsection (a) of this Section 2.02 and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such
assumption, make available to the Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. If and to the
extent that such Lender shall not have so made such ratable portion available to the Administrative
Agent, such Lender and the Borrower severally agree to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith
on demand (but without duplication) such corresponding amount together with interest thereon, for
each day from the date such amount is made




19

















available to the Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent, at
(i) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable at the time to Advances comprising
such Borrowing and (ii) in the case of such Lender, the Federal Funds Rate. If such Lender shall
repay to the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount, such amount so repaid shall constitute
such Lender’s Advance as part of such Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement (and such Advance
shall be deemed to have been made by such Lender on the date on which such amount is so repaid to
the Administrative Agent).




(e) The failure of any Lender to make the Advance to be made by it as part of any Borrowing
shall not relieve the other Lenders of their obligations hereunder to make an Advance on the date
of such Borrowing, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make
the Advance to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Borrowing.




(f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no Lender whose Commitment
Termination Date falls prior to the last day of any Interest Period for any Eurodollar Rate Advance
(a “Terminating Lender”) shall participate in such Advance. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, no Terminating Lender shall (i) participate in a Borrowing of any
Eurodollar Rate Advance having an initial Interest Period ending after such Lender’s Commitment
Termination Date, (ii) have any outstanding Eurodollar Rate Advance Continued for a subsequent
Interest Period if such subsequent Interest Period would end after such Lender’s Commitment
Termination Date or (iii) have any outstanding Base Rate Advance Converted into a Eurodollar Rate
Advance if such Eurodollar Rate Advance would have an initial Interest Period ending after such
Lender’s Commitment Termination Date. If any Terminating Lender has outstanding a Eurodollar Rate
Advance that cannot be Continued for a subsequent Interest Period pursuant to clause (ii) above or
has outstanding a Base Rate Advance that cannot be Converted into a Eurodollar Rate Advance
pursuant to clause (iii) above, such Lender’s ratable share of such Eurodollar Rate Advance (in the
case of said clause (ii)) shall be repaid by the Borrower on the last day of its then current
Interest Period and such Lender’s ratable share of such Base Rate Advance (in the case of said
clause (iii)) shall be repaid by the Borrower on the day on which the Advances of Lenders
unaffected by said clause (iii) are so Converted.




SECTION 2.03. Certain Fees.




(a) Facility Fee. The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the
account of each Lender a facility fee (the “Facility Fee”), which shall accrue at the
Applicable Rate on the average daily amount (whether used or unused) of such Lender’s Commitment
from the Closing Date (in the case of each initial Lender) and from the effective date specified in
the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender (in the case of each other
Lender) until the Commitment Termination Date of such Lender; provided that if such Lender
continues to have any Exposure after




20

















its Commitment terminates, then its respective Facility Fee shall continue to accrue on the
daily amount of such Lender’s Exposure from and including the Commitment Termination Date of such
Lender to but excluding the date on which such Lender ceases to have any Exposure. The Facility
Fee shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September
and December and, for each Lender, on the Commitment Termination Date of such Lender.




(b) Utilization Fee. For each day on which the aggregate principal amount of the
Advances outstanding exceeds 50% of the aggregate Commitments, the Borrower agrees to pay to the
Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a utilization fee (the “Utilization
Fee”), which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate on the aggregate principal amount of the
Advances of such Lender outstanding on such day. The Utilization Fee will be payable in respect of
each Advance on each date on which interest is payable on such Advance, as specified in Section
2.07(a) hereof.




(c) Administrative Agent’s Fee. The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative
Agent, for the Administrative Agent’s own account, an administrative agency fee at the times and in
the amounts heretofore agreed between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.




(d) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds,
to the Administrative Agent for distribution to the Persons entitled thereto. Fees (other than
prepaid fees) paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances.




SECTION 2.04. Reduction and Extensions of the Commitments.




(a) Commitment Reductions.




(i) The Commitment of each Lender shall be automatically reduced to zero on the Commitment
Termination Date of such Lender.




(ii) In addition, the Borrower shall have the right, upon at least three Business Days’ notice
to the Administrative Agent, to terminate in whole or reduce ratably in part the unused portions of
the respective Commitments of the Lenders; provided that the aggregate amount of the
Commitments of the Lenders shall not be reduced to an amount which is less than the aggregate
principal amount of the Advances then outstanding; and provided further that each
partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of
$1,000,000 in excess thereof. Once reduced or terminated, the Commitments may not be reinstated.




(b) Commitment Extensions.




21


















(i) The Borrower may, by notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the
Lenders) not more than 60 days and not less than 45 days prior to the first or second anniversary
of the Closing Date (each such date, an “Anniversary Date”), request that each Lender
extend such Lender’s Commitment Termination Date to the date falling one year after the Commitment
Termination Date then in effect for such Lender hereunder (the “Existing Commitment Termination
Date”).




(ii) Each Lender, acting in its sole and individual discretion, shall, by notice to the
Administrative Agent given not more than 30 days immediately prior to such Anniversary Date but in
any event no later than the date (the “Notice Date”) 20 days prior to such Anniversary
Date, advise the Administrative Agent whether or not such Lender agrees to such extension (and each
Lender that determines not to so extend its Commitment Termination Date (a “Non-Extending
Lender”) shall notify the Administrative Agent (which shall notify the other Lenders) of such
fact promptly after such determination (but in any event no later than the Notice Date) and any
Lender that does not so advise the Administrative Agent on or before the Notice Date shall be
deemed to be a Non-Extending Lender. The election of any Lender to agree to such extension shall
not obligate any other Lender to so agree.




(iii) The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of each Lender’s determination under
this Section 2.04(b) no later than the date 15 days prior to such Anniversary Date (or, if such
date is not a Business Day, on the next preceding Business Day).




(iv) The Borrower shall have the right on or before any Existing Commitment Termination Date
to replace each Non-Extending Lender with, and add as “Lenders” under this Agreement in place
thereof, one or more Eligible Assignees (each, an “Additional Commitment Lender”) with the
approval of the Administrative Agent (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld), each of
which Additional Commitment Lenders shall have entered into an agreement in form and substance
satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent pursuant to which such Additional
Commitment Lender shall, effective as of the Existing Commitment Termination Date in effect for
each Non-Extending Lender, undertake a Commitment (and, if any such Additional Commitment Lender is
already a Lender, its Commitment shall be in addition to such Lender’s Commitment hereunder on such
date); provided that prior to replacing any Non-Extending Lender with any Additional
Commitment Lender, the Borrower shall have given each Lender which has agreed to extend its
Commitment Termination Date an opportunity to increase its Commitment by all or a portion of the
Non-Extending Lenders’ Commitments.




(v) If (and only if) the total of the Commitments of the Lenders that have agreed so to extend
their Commitment Termination Date and the additional Commitments of the Additional Commitment
Lenders shall be more than 50% of the aggregate amount of the Commitments in effect immediately
prior to an Anniversary




22

















Date, then, effective as of the such Anniversary Date, the Commitment Termination Date of each
Extending Lender and of each Additional Commitment Lender shall be extended to the date falling one
year after the Existing Commitment Termination Date in effect for such Extending Lenders and such
Additional Commitment Lenders (except that, if such date is not a Business Day, such Commitment
Termination Date as so extended shall be the next preceding Business Day) and each Additional
Commitment Lender shall thereupon become a “Lender” for all purposes of this Agreement.




(vi) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the extension of the Commitment Termination Date pursuant
to this Section 2.04(b) shall be effective with respect to any Lender only if:





(x) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on (i) the
date of the notice requesting such extension, (ii) the applicable Anniversary Date or (iii)
the Existing Commitment Termination Date and the representations and warranties set forth
in Section 4.01 shall be true and correct on and as of each of said dates as if made on and
as of said dates; and


(y) the Borrower shall have paid in full all amounts owing to each Non-Extending Lender hereunder
on or before the Commitment Termination Date in effect for each such Non-Extending Lender.




SECTION 2.05. Increase of Commitments. The Borrower may from time to time, by
written notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly deliver a copy to each of the
Lenders) executed by the Borrower and one or more Lenders or other Persons qualifying as Eligible
Assignees that are willing to extend Commitments or, in the case of any such Lender, to increase
its Commitment (any such financial institution referred to in this Section being called an
“Increasing Lender”), cause the total Commitments to be increased by such new or
incremental Commitments of the Increasing Lenders, in an amount for each Increasing Lender as set
forth in such notice; provided that (i) the aggregate principal amount of any increase in
the total Commitments made pursuant to this Section shall not be less than $10,000,000 and the
aggregate principal amount of all such increases during the term of this Agreement shall not exceed
$100,000,000, (ii) each Increasing Lender, if not already a Lender hereunder, shall be subject to
the prior written approval of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (which approvals shall not
be unreasonably withheld) and (iii) each Increasing Lender, if not already a Lender hereunder,
shall become a party to this Agreement by completing and delivering to the Administrative Agent a
duly executed accession agreement in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. New Commitments
and increases in Commitments created pursuant to this Section shall become effective in the case of
an Increasing Lender already a Lender under this Agreement, on the date specified in the applicable
notice delivered pursuant to this Section. Upon the effectiveness of any accession agreement to
which any Increasing Lender is a party, such Increasing Lender shall thereafter be deemed to be a
party to this Agreement and shall be entitled to all



23

















rights, benefits and privileges accorded a Lender hereunder and subject to all obligations of
a Lender hereunder. Upon the effectiveness of any increase in the Commitments pursuant to this
Section, Schedule I shall be deemed to have been amended to reflect the new or increased
Commitments of the Increasing Lenders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no increase in the aggregate
Commitments (or in the Commitment of any Lender) shall become effective under this Section unless
(i) the Administrative Agent shall have received documents consistent with those delivered under
paragraphs (b) through (e) of Section 3.01 demonstrating the corporate power and authority of the
Borrower to borrow hereunder after giving effect to such increase and (ii) on the date of such
increase, the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 3.02 shall be satisfied
(with all references in such paragraphs to a Borrowing being deemed to be references to such
increase and without giving effect to the parenthetical in Section 3.02(a)) and the Administrative
Agent shall have received a certificate to that effect dated such date and executed by a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Following any extension of a new Commitment or increase of a
Lender’s Commitment pursuant to this paragraph, any Loans outstanding prior to the effectiveness of
such increase or extension shall continue outstanding until the ends of the respective Interests
Periods applicable thereto, and shall then be repaid and, if the Borrower shall so elect,
refinanced with new Revolving Loans made ratably in accordance with the Commitments in effect
following such extension or increase.



SECTION 2.06. Repayment. The Borrower shall repay the then unpaid principal amount
of each Advance made by each Lender, and each Advance made by such Lender shall mature, on the
Commitment Termination Date of such Lender.




SECTION 2.07. Interest.




(a) Ordinary Interest. The Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount
of each Advance made by each Lender, from the date of such Advance until such principal amount
shall be paid in full, at the following rates per annum:





(i) Base Rate Advances. While such Advance is a Base Rate Advance, a rate per
annum equal to the Base Rate in effect from time to time, payable quarterly in arrears on
the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and on the date such Base
Rate Advance shall be Converted or paid in full.




(ii) Eurodollar Rate Advances. While such Advance is a Eurodollar Rate
Advance, a rate per annum for each Interest Period for such Advance equal to the sum of the
Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate as in effect from
time to time, payable on the last day of such Interest Period and, if such Interest Period
has a duration of more than three months, on each day which occurs at three-month intervals
after the first day of such Interest Period,



24

















and on each date on which such Eurodollar Rate Advance shall be Continued, Converted
or paid in full.



(b) Default Interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest
on any Advance or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due,
whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear
interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue
principal of any Advance, 2% per annum plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Advance as
provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2%
per annum plus the rate applicable to Base Rate Advances as provided in paragraph (a)(i) of this
Section.



SECTION 2.08. Additional Interest on Eurodollar Rate Advances. The Borrower shall
pay to each Lender additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Eurodollar Rate
Advance of such Lender, from the date of such Advance until such principal amount is paid in full,
at an interest rate per annum equal at all times to the remainder obtained by subtracting (i) the
Eurodollar Rate for each Interest Period for such Advance from (ii) the rate obtained by dividing
such Eurodollar Rate by a percentage equal to 100% minus the Eurodollar Rate Reserve
Percentage of such Lender for such Interest Period, payable on each date on which interest is
payable on such Advance. Such additional interest shall be determined by such Lender and notified
to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent.




SECTION 2.09. Interest Rate Determinations.




(a) Each Reference Bank agrees, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, to furnish to
the Administrative Agent timely information for the purpose of determining each Eurodollar Rate.
If any one or more of the Reference Banks shall not furnish such timely information to the
Administrative Agent for the purpose of determining any such interest rate, the Administrative
Agent shall determine such interest rate on the basis of timely information furnished by the
remaining Reference Banks (subject to the provisions set forth in the definition of “Eurodollar
Rate” in Section 1.01 and to clause (c) below).




(b) The Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the Borrower and the Lenders of the
applicable interest rates determined by the Administrative Agent for the purposes of Section 2.07.




(c) If (1) fewer than two Reference Banks furnish timely information to the Administrative
Agent for determining the Eurodollar Rate for any Interest Period for any Eurodollar Rate Advances
and (2) the relevant rates do not appear on Bloomberg Page BBAL,




25



















(i) the Administrative Agent shall forthwith notify the Borrower and the Lenders that
the interest rate cannot be determined for such Eurodollar Rate Advances for such Interest
Period,




(ii) each Eurodollar Rate Advance will automatically, on the last day of the then
existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance, and




(iii) the obligation of the Lenders to make or Continue, or to Convert Advances into,
Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent shall notify the
Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.



(d) If, with respect to any Eurodollar Rate Advances, the Majority Lenders notify the
Administrative Agent showing calculations in reasonable detail that the Eurodollar Rate for any
Interest Period for such Advances will not adequately reflect the cost to such Majority Lenders of
making, funding or maintaining their respective Eurodollar Rate Advances for such Interest Period,
the Administrative Agent shall forthwith so notify the Borrower and the Lenders, whereupon:





(i) each Eurodollar Rate Advance will automatically, on the last day of the then
existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance, and




(ii) the obligation of the Lenders to make or Continue, or to Convert Advances into,
Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent shall notify the
Borrower and such Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.



(e) If the Borrower shall fail to select the duration of any Interest Period for any
Eurodollar Rate Advances in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of “Interest
Period” in Section 1.01, the Administrative Agent will forthwith so notify the Borrower and the
Lenders and such Advances will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period
therefor, Convert into Base Rate Advances.




(f) On the date on which the aggregate unpaid principal amount of Eurodollar Rate Advances
comprising any Borrowing shall be reduced, by payment or prepayment or otherwise, to less than
$10,000,000, such Advances shall automatically Convert into Base Rate Advances.




(g) Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Majority Lenders, so notifies the
Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is




26

















continuing (x) each Eurodollar Rate Advance shall, on the last day of the then existing
Interest Period therefor, be Converted into a Base Rate Advance and (y) the obligation of the
Lenders to make or Continue, or to Convert Advances into, Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be
suspended.




SECTION 2.10. Voluntary Conversion and Continuation of Advances.




(a) Optional Conversion. The Borrower may on any Business Day, upon notice given to
the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day
prior to the date of the proposed Conversion and subject to the provisions of Sections 2.09 and
2.13, Convert all or any portion of the outstanding Advances of one Type comprising part of the
same Borrowing into Advances of the other Type; provided that (i) any Conversion of Base
Rate Advances into Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be in an amount not less than the minimum amount
specified in Section 2.02(b) and (ii) in the case of any such Conversion of a Eurodollar Rate
Advance into a Base Rate Advance on a day other than the last day of an Interest Period therefor,
the Borrower shall reimburse the Lenders in respect thereof pursuant to Section 8.04(c). Each such
notice of a Conversion shall, within the restrictions specified above, specify (x) the date of such
Conversion, (y) the Advances to be Converted, and (z) if such Conversion is into Eurodollar Rate
Advances, the duration of the initial Interest Period for each such Advance. Each notice of
Conversion shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower.




(b) Continuations. The Borrower may, on any Business Day, upon notice given to the
Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior
to the date of the proposed Continuation and subject to the provisions of Sections 2.09 and 2.13,
Continue all or any portion of the outstanding Eurodollar Rate Advances comprising part of the same
Borrowing for one or more Interest Periods; provided that (i) Eurodollar Rate Advances so
Continued and having the same Interest Period shall be in an amount not less than the minimum
amount specified in Section 2.02(b) and (ii) in the case of any such Continuation on a day other
than the last day of an Interest Period therefor, the Borrower shall reimburse the Lenders in
respect thereof pursuant to Section 8.04(c). Each such notice of a Continuation shall, within the
restrictions specified above, specify (x) the date of such Continuation, (y) the Eurodollar Rate
Advances to be Continued and (y) the duration of the initial Interest Period (or Interest Periods)
for the Eurodollar Rate Advances subject to such Continuation. Each notice of Continuation shall
be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower.




SECTION 2.11. Prepayments of Advances.




(a) The Borrower shall have no right to prepay any principal amount of any Advances other than
as provided in subsection (b) below.




27


















(b) The Borrower may, on notice given to the Administrative Agent by telephone (confirmed by
telecopy) or by telecopy not later than 12:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the second Business Day
prior to the date of the proposed prepayment of Advances (in the case of a Eurodollar Rate
Advances) or given not later than 12:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the Business Day of the
proposed prepayment of Advances (in the case of Base Rate Advances), stating the proposed date and
aggregate principal amount of the prepayment, and if such notice is given the Borrower shall,
prepay the outstanding principal amounts of the Advances comprising part of the same Borrowing in
whole or ratably in part, together with accrued interest to the date of such prepayment on the
principal amount prepaid; provided, however, that (x) each partial prepayment shall
be in an aggregate principal amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess
thereof and (y) in the case of any such prepayment of a Eurodollar Rate Advance on a day other than
the last day of an Interest Period therefor, the Borrower shall reimburse the Lenders in respect
thereof pursuant to Section 8.04(c).




SECTION 2.12. Increased Costs.




(a) If, due to either (i) the introduction of or any change (other than any change by way of
imposition or increase of reserve requirements included in the Eurodollar Rate Reserve Percentage)
in or in the interpretation of any law or regulation or (ii) the compliance with any guideline or
request from any central bank or other governmental authority (whether or not having the force of
law), there shall be any increase in the cost to any Lender of agreeing to make or making, funding
or maintaining Eurodollar Rate Advances, then the Borrower shall from time to time, upon demand by
such Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), pay to the Administrative
Agent for the account of such Lender additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender for
such increased cost. A certificate as to the amount of such increased cost, submitted to the
Borrower and the Administrative Agent by such Lender, shall be conclusive and binding for all
purposes, absent manifest error.




(b) If any Lender determines that compliance with any law or regulation or any guideline or
request from any central bank or other governmental authority (whether or not having the force of
law) affects or would affect the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by such
Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender and that the amount of such capital is increased
by or based upon the existence of such Lender’s commitment to lend hereunder and other commitments
of this type, then, upon demand by such Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative
Agent), the Borrower shall immediately pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such
Lender, from time to time as specified by such Lender, additional amounts sufficient to compensate
such Lender or such corporation in the light of such circumstances, to the extent that such Lender
reasonably determines such increase in capital to be allocable to the existence of such Lender’s
commitment to lend hereunder. A certificate as to such amounts submitted to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent by such Lender shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error.




28


















SECTION 2.13. Illegality. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if
any Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent that the introduction of or any change in or in
the interpretation of any law or regulation makes it unlawful, or any central bank or other
governmental authority asserts that it is unlawful, for such Lender or its Eurodollar Lending
Office to perform its obligations hereunder to make or Continue Eurodollar Rate Advances or to fund
or otherwise maintain Eurodollar Rate Advances hereunder, (i) the obligation of such Lender to make
or Continue, or to Convert Advances into, Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be suspended until the
Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances causing such
suspension no longer exist and (ii) each Eurodollar Rate Advance of such Lender shall convert into
a Base Rate Advance at the end of the then current Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate
Advance.




SECTION 2.14. Payments and Computations.




(a) The Borrower shall make each payment hereunder without set-off or counterclaim not later
than 12:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the day when due in U.S. dollars to the Administrative
Agent at its address referred to in Section 8.02 in same day funds. The Administrative Agent will
promptly thereafter cause to be distributed like funds relating to the payment of principal,
interest, Facility Fee or Utilization Fee ratably (other than amounts payable pursuant to Section
2.02(c), 2.12, 2.15 or 8.04(c)) to the Lenders for the account of their respective Applicable
Lending Offices, and like funds relating to the payment of any other amount payable to any Lender
to such Lender for the account of its Applicable Lending Office, in each case to be applied in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Upon its acceptance of an Assignment and Acceptance
and recording of the information contained therein in the Register pursuant to Section 8.06(d),
from and after the effective date specified in such Assignment and Acceptance, the Administrative
Agent shall make all payments hereunder in respect of the interest assigned thereby to the Lender
assignee thereunder, and the parties to such Assignment and Acceptance shall make all appropriate
adjustments in such payments for periods prior to such effective date directly between themselves.




(b) All computations of interest based on JPMCB’s Base Rate shall be made by the
Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days (or 360 days at any time when the
Base Rate is determined by reference to the Federal Funds Rate), as the case may be, for the actual
number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for
which such interest is payable. All computations of interest based on the Eurodollar Rate or the
Federal Funds Rate and of the Facility Fee and the Utilization Fee shall be made by the
Administrative Agent, and all computations of interest pursuant to Section 2.08 shall be made by a
Lender, on the basis of a year of 360 days, for the actual number of days (including the first day
but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such interest or fee is payable.
Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate hereunder shall be conclusive
and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.




29


















(c) Whenever any payment hereunder would be due on a day other than a Business Day, such due
date shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and any such extension of such due date
shall in such case be included in the computation of payment of interest, Facility Fee or
Utilization Fee, as the case may be; provided however that if such extension would cause
payment of interest on or principal of Eurodollar Rate Advances to be made in the next following
calendar month, such payment shall be made on the next preceding Business Day.




(d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the
date on which any payment is due to the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such
payment in full, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment in
full to the Administrative Agent on such date and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon
such assumption, cause to be distributed to each Lender on such due date an amount equal to the
amount then due such Lender. If and to the extent that the Borrower shall not have so made such
payment in full to the Administrative Agent, each Lender shall repay to the Administrative Agent
forthwith on demand such amount distributed to such Lender together with interest thereon, for each
day from the date such amount is distributed to such Lender until the date such Lender repays such
amount to the Administrative Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate.




SECTION 2.15. Taxes.




(a) Any and all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made, in accordance with Section
2.14, free and clear of and without deduction for any and all present or future taxes, levies,
imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto,
excluding, in the case of each Lender and the Administrative Agent, taxes imposed on its
income, and franchise taxes imposed on it, by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such Lender
or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) is organized or any political subdivision thereof
and, in the case of each Lender, taxes imposed on its income, and franchise taxes imposed on it, by
the jurisdiction of such Lender’s Applicable Lending Office or any political subdivision thereof
(all such non-excluded taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, withholdings and liabilities
being hereinafter referred to as “Taxes”). If the Borrower shall be required by law to
deduct any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable hereunder to any Lender or the
Administrative Agent, (i) the sum payable shall be increased as may be necessary so that after
making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under
this Section 2.15) such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) receives an amount
equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the Borrower shall
make such deductions and (iii) the Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant
taxation authority or other authority in accordance with applicable law.




30


















(b) In addition, the Borrower agrees to pay any present or future stamp or documentary taxes
or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies which arise from any payment made
hereunder or from the execution, delivery or registration of, or otherwise with respect to, this
Agreement (hereinafter referred to as “Other Taxes”).




(c) The Borrower will indemnify each Lender and the Administrative Agent for the full amount
of Taxes or Other Taxes (including, without limitation, any Taxes and Other Taxes imposed by any
jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section 2.15) paid by such Lender or the Administrative
Agent (as the case may be) and any liability (including penalties, interest and expenses) arising
therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or
legally asserted. This indemnification shall be made within 30 days from the date such Lender or
the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) makes written demand therefor. A certificate as to
the amount of such Taxes and Other Taxes, submitted to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent by
such Lender, shall be conclusive and binding (as between the Borrower, the Lenders and the
Administrative Agent) for all purposes, absent manifest error.




(d) Within 30 days after the date of any payment of Taxes, the Borrower will furnish to the
Administrative Agent, at its address referred to in Section 8.02, the original or a certified copy
of a receipt evidencing payment thereof or other proof of payment of such Taxes reasonably
satisfactory to the relevant Lender(s). If no Taxes are payable in respect of any payment
hereunder, upon the request of the Administrative Agent the Borrower will furnish to the
Administrative Agent, at such address, a statement to such effect with respect to each jurisdiction
designated by the Administrative Agent.




(e) Each Lender organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside the United States, on or
prior to the date of its execution and delivery of this Agreement (in the case of each initial
Lender) and on the date of the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it becomes a Lender (in
the case of each other Lender), and from time to time thereafter if requested in writing by the
Borrower (but only so long as such Lender remains lawfully able to do so), shall provide the
Borrower with Internal Revenue Service form W-8BEN or W-8ECI, as appropriate, or any successor form
prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service, certifying that such Lender is entitled to benefits
under an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party which reduces the rate of
withholding tax on payments of interest or certifying that the income receivable pursuant to this
Agreement is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States.
If the form provided by a Lender at the time such Lender first becomes a party to this Agreement
indicates a United States interest withholding tax rate in excess of zero, withholding tax at such
rate shall (except to the extent such Lender acquired its Commitment by assignment and its assignor
was entitled to payments in respect of such




31

















withholding tax pursuant to this Section 2.15) be considered excluded from “Taxes” as defined
in Section 2.15(a).




(f) For any period with respect to which a Lender has failed to provide the Borrower with the
appropriate form described in Section 2.15(e) (other than if such failure is due to a change in law
occurring subsequent to the date on which a form originally was required to be provided, or if such
form otherwise is not required under the first sentence of subsection (e) above), such Lender shall
not be entitled to indemnification under Section 2.15(a) or (c) with respect to Taxes imposed by
the United States; provided however that should a Lender become subject to Taxes because of
its failure to deliver a form required hereunder, the Borrower shall take such steps as the Lender
shall reasonably request to assist the Lender to recover such Taxes.




(g) Any Lender claiming any additional amounts payable pursuant to this Section 2.15 shall use
reasonable efforts (consistent with its internal policy and legal and regulatory restrictions) to
change the jurisdiction of its Applicable Lending Office(s) if the making of such a change would
avoid the need for, or reduce the amount of, any such additional amounts that may thereafter accrue
and would not, in the judgment of such Lender, be otherwise disadvantageous to such Lender.




SECTION 2.16. Set-Off; Sharing of Payments, Etc.




(a) Without limiting any of the obligations of the Borrower or the rights of the Lenders
hereunder, if the Borrower shall fail to pay when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration
or otherwise) any amount payable by it hereunder or under any Note each Lender may, without prior
notice to the Borrower (which notice is expressly waived by it to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law), set off and appropriate and apply against such amount any and all deposits
(general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in any currency, matured or unmatured)
and other obligations and liabilities at any time held or owing by such Lender or any branch or
agency thereof to or for the credit or account of the Borrower. Each Lender shall promptly provide
notice of such set-off to the Borrower, provided that failure by such Lender to provide such notice
shall not give the Borrower any cause of action or right to damages or affect the validity of such
set-off and application.




(b) If any Lender shall obtain any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the
exercise of any right of set-off, or otherwise) on account of the Advances made by it (other than
pursuant to Section 2.02(c), 2.12, 2.15 or 8.04(c)) in excess of its ratable share of payments on
account of the Advances obtained by all the Lenders, such Lender shall forthwith purchase from the
other Lenders such participations in the Advances made by them as shall be necessary to cause such
purchasing Lender to share the excess payment ratably with each of them; provided however
that if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from such purchasing
Lender, such purchase from each Lender shall be rescinded and such Lender shall repay to the




32

















purchasing Lender the purchase price to the extent of such recovery together with an amount
equal to such Lender’s ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such
Lender’s required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of
any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total
amount so recovered. The Borrower agrees that any Lender so purchasing a participation from
another Lender pursuant to this Section 2.16 may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise
all its rights of payment (including the right of set-off) with respect to such participation as
fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such
participation.




SECTION 2.17. Right to Replace a Lender. If the Borrower is required to make any
additional payment pursuant to Section 2.12 or 2.15 to any Lender or if any Lender’s obligation to
make or Continue, or to Convert Advances into, Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be suspended pursuant
to Section 2.13 (in each case, such Lender being an “Affected Person”), the Borrower may
elect, if such amounts continue to be charged or such suspension is still effective, to replace
such Affected Person as a party to this Agreement; provided that, no Default or Event of
Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such replacement; and provided
further that, concurrently with such replacement, (i) another financial institution which
is an Eligible Assignee and is reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent
shall agree, as of such date, to purchase for cash the Advances of the Affected Person pursuant to
an Assignment and Acceptance and to become a Lender for all purposes under this Agreement and to
assume all obligations (including all outstanding Advances) of the Affected Person to be terminated
as of such date and to comply with the requirements of Section 8.06 applicable to assignments, and
(ii) the Borrower shall pay to such Affected Person in same day funds on the day of such
replacement all interest, fees and other amounts then due and owing to such Affected Person by the
Borrower hereunder to and including the date of termination, including without limitation payments
due such Affected Person under Section 2.12 and 2.15.




SECTION 2.18. Evidence of Indebtedness. (a) Each Lender shall maintain in
accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of
the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Advance made by such Lender, including the
amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time
hereunder.




(b) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the date,
amount, Type, interest rate and duration of Interest Period (if applicable) of each Advance made
hereunder, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and
payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the
Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender’s share thereof.





33
















(c) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to clause (a) or (b) of this
Section 2.18 shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded
therein; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain
such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to
repay the Advances in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.




(d) Any Lender may request that Advances made by it be evidenced by a promissory note (a
“Note”). In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a
Note payable to the order of such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its
registered assigns) in the form of Exhibit E hereto. Thereafter, the Advances evidenced by
such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant
to Section 8.06) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the order
of the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its
registered assigns).



ARTICLE 3

CONDITIONS OF LENDING




SECTION 3.01. Conditions Precedent to Initial Borrowing. The obligation of each
Lender to make an Advance on the occasion of the initial Borrowing is subject to the condition
precedent that the Administrative Agent shall have received the following, each (where applicable
and unless otherwise specified below) dated the Effective Date, in form and substance satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent:





(a) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each party
hereto either (i) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (ii)
written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy or
other electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party
has signed a counterpart of this Agreement.




(b) Certified copies of (x) the charter and by-laws of the Borrower, (y) the
resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Borrower authorizing and approving this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, and (z) all documents evidencing other
necessary corporate action and governmental approvals, if any, with respect to this
Agreement.




(c) A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Borrower
certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of the Borrower authorized to sign
this Agreement and the other documents to be delivered hereunder.



34
















(d) A certificate from the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware dated a date
reasonably close to the Closing Date as to the good standing of and charter documents filed
by the Borrower.




(e) A favorable opinion of Jonathan D. Kantor, Esq., counsel to the Borrower,
substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto.




(f)
A certificate of two Responsible Officers of the Borrower certifying that (i) no
Default or Event of Default as of the date thereof has occurred and is continuing, and (ii)
the representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01 are true and correct on and as
of the date thereof as if made on and as of such date.




(g) Such other approvals, opinions and documents relating to this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may, through the
Administrative Agent, reasonably request.




(h) All fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Effective Date,
including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses
required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder.



Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations of the Lenders to lend hereunder shall not
become effective unless each of the foregoing conditions is satisfied (or waived pursuant to
Section 8.01) on or prior to September 15, 2007.



SECTION 3.02. Conditions Precedent to Each Borrowing. The obligation of each Lender
to make an Advance on the occasion of each Borrowing (including the initial Borrowing) shall be
subject to the further conditions precedent that on the date of such Borrowing the following
statements shall be true (and each of the giving of the applicable Notice of Borrowing and the
acceptance by the Borrower of the proceeds of such Borrowing shall constitute a representation and
warranty by the Borrower that on the date of such Borrowing such statements are true):





(a) the representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01 (not including, in
the case of any Borrowing, the Excluded Representations) are true and correct in all
material respects on and as of the date of such Borrowing, before and after giving effect
to such Borrowing and to the application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made on and
as of such date; and




(b) No Event of Default or Default has occurred and is continuing, or would result
from such Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds.



35















ARTICLE 4

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES




SECTION 4.01. Representations and Warranties of the Borrower. The Borrower
represents, warrants and agrees as follows:





(a) The Borrower and each of its Significant Subsidiaries (i) is duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization,
(ii) is duly qualified and in good standing as a foreign corporation in each other
jurisdiction in which it owns or leases property or in which the conduct of its business
requires it to so qualify or be licensed and where, in each case, failure so to qualify and
be in good standing could have a Material Adverse Effect and (iii) has all requisite
corporate power and authority to own or lease and operate its properties and to carry on
its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted.




(b) The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement are
within the Borrower’s corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action, and do not (i) contravene the Borrower’s charter, by-laws or other
organizational documents, (ii) contravene any contractual restriction binding on the
Borrower or (iii) violate any law, rule or regulation (including, without limitation, the
Securities Act of 1933 and the Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder, and Regulations
U and X issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, each as amended
from time to time), or order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award.
The Borrower is not in violation of any such law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment,
injunction, decree, determination or award or in breach of any contractual restriction
binding upon it, except for such violation or breach which would not have a Material
Adverse Effect.




(c) No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with,
any governmental authority or regulatory body is required (other than those which have been
obtained) for the due execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this
Agreement.




(d) This Agreement is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower
enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms.




(e) (i) The Borrower has heretofore furnished to each of the Lenders its unaudited
Consolidated balance sheets and statements of earnings, equity and cash flows as at and for
the three-month periods ended March 31, 2007 and June 30, 2007, and such financial
statements fairly present, in all material respects, the Consolidated financial condition
and results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the date thereof and
for such three-month periods, all in



36

















accordance with GAAP (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments), (ii) the Borrower
has heretofore furnished to each of the Lenders its audited Consolidated balance sheet and
statements of earnings, equity and cash flows as at and for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2006, and such financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the
Consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as at the date thereof and for such fiscal year, all in accordance with GAAP;
(iii) the Borrower has heretofore furnished to each of the Lenders the Quarterly Statements
as of March 31, 2007 and June 30, 2007, of each of CAC, CCC and CIC, as filed, in each
case, with the applicable Insurance Regulatory Authority, and such Statements present
fairly, in all material respects, such condition and affairs as of such date, in accordance
with SAP; (iv) the Borrower has heretofore furnished to each of the Lenders the Annual
Statement of each of CAC, CCC and CIC for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006, as
filed, in each case, with the applicable Insurance Regulatory Authority, and such Annual
Statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition of CAC, CCC
and CIC, as applicable, as at, and the results of operations for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2006, in accordance with SAP as in effect on December 31, 2006; and (v) since
December 31, 2006, there has been no material adverse change or event or circumstance that
would reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change in the business,
condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.




(f) Other than as disclosed in filings of the Borrower with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, there is no action pending or threatened in writing or proceeding
affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries before any court, governmental agency or
arbitrator which (i) is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii)
purports to affect this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.




(g) The Borrower is not engaged in the business of extending credit for the purpose of
purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no proceeds of any Advance will be used for the
purpose, whether immediate, incidental or ultimate, of buying or carrying Margin Stock.
The Borrower is, and after applying the proceeds of each Advance, will be in compliance
with its obligations under Section 5.01(b). If requested by any Lender or the
Administrative Agent, the Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender
a statement in conformity with the requirements of Federal Reserve Form U-1 referred to in
Regulation U, the statements made in which shall be such, in the opinion of each Lender, as
to permit the transactions contemplated hereby in accordance with Regulation U. No portion
of any Advance under this Agreement shall be used by the Borrower in violation of
Regulation T, Regulation U or Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System or any other Regulation of



37

















such Board, as in effect on the date or dates of such Advance and such use of
proceeds.




(h) The Borrower is not an “investment company”, or a Person “controlled by” an
“investment company”, as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended.




(i) All information that has been made available by the Borrower or any of its
representatives to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the
negotiation of this Agreement was, on or as of the dates on which such information was made
available, complete and correct in all material respects and did not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a fact necessary to make the statements
contained therein not misleading in light of the time and circumstances under which such
statements were made. All financial projections that have been prepared by the Borrower
and made available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the
negotiation of this Agreement have been prepared in good faith based upon reasonable
assumptions. There is no fact known to the Borrower (other than matters of a general
economic nature) that has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse
Effect and that has not been disclosed herein or in such other documents, certificates and
statements furnished to the Lenders for use in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.




(j) Neither the Borrower nor any other member of the Controlled Group maintains, or is
obligated to contribute to, any Multiemployer Plan or has incurred, or is reasonably
expected to incur, any withdrawal liability to any Multiemployer Plan. Each Plan complies
in all material respects with all applicable requirements of law and regulations, except
where noncompliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Borrower nor any
member of the Controlled Group has, with respect to any Plan, failed to make any material
contribution or pay any material amount required under Section 412 of the Code or Section
302 of ERISA or the terms of such Plan. The Borrower has not engaged in any prohibited
transaction (as defined in Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA) in connection
with any Plan which may reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Within
the last five years neither the Borrower nor any member of the Controlled Group has engaged
in a transaction which resulted in a Single Employer Plan with an Unfunded Liability being
transferred out of the Controlled Group. No Termination Event has occurred or is reasonably
expected to occur with respect to any Plan which is subject to Title IV of ERISA.




(k) The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws,
statutes, rules, regulations and orders binding on or applicable to the Borrower
(including, without limitation, all Environmental Laws), its Subsidiaries



38

















and all of their respective properties, except to the extent failure to so comply
could not (either individually or in the aggregate) reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. There have been filed on behalf of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries all federal, state, local and foreign income, excise, property and other tax
returns which are required to be filed by them and all taxes shown due and owing by such
returns have been paid except where the failure to make such filings would not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The charges, accruals and reserves on
the books of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of taxes or other governmental
charges are, in the opinion of the Borrower, adequate.




(l) There is no indenture, agreement or other contractual arrangement to which the
Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary is a party that, directly or indirectly, prohibits
or restrains, or has the effect of prohibiting or restraining, or imposing any condition
upon, the declaration or payment of dividends or other distributions on any class of stock
of any Subsidiary of the Borrower, other than such prohibitions, restraints and conditions
which are disclosed in filings of the Borrower with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



ARTICLE 5

COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER




SECTION 5.01. Covenants. During the term of this Agreement, unless the Majority
Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing:




(a) Financial Reporting. The Borrower will furnish to the Lenders:





(i) As soon as practicable and in any event within 90 days after the end
of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or, if earlier, the date on which the
Borrower is required to file financial statements for such fiscal year
with the SEC), an audit report which is not qualified as to going concern
or access or in any other material respect and which is certified by
independent certified public accountants, acceptable to the Lenders,
prepared in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis for itself and
its Subsidiaries, including balance sheets as of the end of such period
and related income and cash flow statements accompanied by a certificate
of said accountants that, in the course of the examination necessary for
their certification of the foregoing, they have obtained no knowledge of
any Default or Event of Default in respect of Section 5.01(m) or (n), or
if, in the opinion of such accountants, any Default or Event of Default in
respect of Section 5.01(m) or (n) shall exist, stating the nature and
status thereof.



39
















(ii) As soon as practicable and in any event within 60 days after the end
of each fiscal quarter (other than the fourth fiscal quarter of any fiscal
year) of the Borrower (or, if earlier, the date on which the Borrower is
required to file financial statements for such fiscal quarter with the
SEC), for itself and its Subsidiaries, a consolidated unaudited balance
sheet as at the close of each such period and consolidated income and cash
flow statements for the period from the beginning of such fiscal year to
the end of such quarter, all certified by a senior financial or accounting
officer of the Borrower.




(iii) Together with the financial statements required by clauses (i) and
(ii), a compliance certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit
D hereto signed by a senior financial or accounting officer of the
Borrower showing the calculations necessary to determine compliance with
the financial covenants contained in this Agreement and stating that no
Default or Event of Default exists, or if any Default or Event of Default
exists, stating the nature and status thereof.




(iv) Upon the earlier of (i) 10 days after the regulatory filing date or
(ii) 75 days after the close of each of the first three fiscal quarters of
each fiscal year of each Significant Insurance Subsidiary, copies of the
Quarterly Statement of such Significant Insurance Subsidiary, certified by
such officers as shall be required by SAP of such Significant Insurance
Subsidiary, all such statements to be prepared in accordance with SAP
consistently applied through the period reflected therein.




(v) Upon the earlier of (i) fifteen days after the regulatory filing date
or (ii) 90 days after the close of each fiscal year of each Significant
Insurance Subsidiary, copies of the Annual Statement of such Significant
Insurance Subsidiary for such fiscal year, as certified by such officers
as shall be required by SAP for such Significant Insurance Subsidiary and
prepared on the NAIC annual statement blanks (or such other form as shall
be required by the jurisdiction of incorporation of each such Insurance
Subsidiary), all such statements to be prepared in accordance with SAP
consistently applied throughout the periods reflected therein.




(vi) As soon as available and only to the extent such an audited statement
is required to be prepared by any Governmental Authority, a copy of the
audited annual statement of each of CCC on a combined basis (which
includes CIC) and CAC on a stand-alone basis (with the other Insurance
Subsidiaries in the same insurance pool) for the preceding year, as
certified by such officers



40

















as shall be required by SAP for such entities and prepared on the form as
shall be required by the jurisdictions in which they are filed, all such
statements to be prepared in accordance with SAP consistently applied
throughout the periods reflected therein and to be certified by
independent certified public accountants of recognized national standing
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent.




(vii) Within 150 days after the close of each of its fiscal years, annual
statutory statements for the Borrower’s Insurance Subsidiaries on a
stand-alone, consolidated or combined basis, as the case may be, certified
by such officers as shall be required by SAP, such statements to be
prepared in accordance with SAP consistently applied throughout the
periods reflected therein.




(viii) As soon as possible and in any event within 20 days after the
Borrower knows that any Termination Event has occurred with respect to any
Plan, a statement, signed by the chief financial officer of the Borrower,
describing said Termination Event and the action which the Borrower
proposes to take with respect thereto.




(ix) Promptly upon the filing thereof, copies of all registration
statements and annual, quarterly, monthly or other regular reports which
the Borrower or any of its Significant Insurance Subsidiaries files with
the Securities and Exchange Commission or any securities exchange.




(x) Such other information (including, without limitation, non-financial
information) as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to
time reasonably request.




(b) Use of Proceeds. The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to,
use the proceeds of the Advances for general corporate purposes (including to support the
commercial paper program of the Borrower, if any, and to finance Acquisitions, if any);
provided that the Borrower will not use any of the proceeds of any Advance for the
purpose of financing a Hostile Acquisition; provided further that neither the
Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any responsibility as to the use of any such
proceeds.




(c) Certain Notices. The Borrower will give prompt notice in writing to the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders of (i) the occurrence of any Default or Event of
Default, (ii) any other development, financial or otherwise, relating specifically to the
Borrower which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) the
receipt of any notice from any Governmental Authority of the expiration without renewal,
revocation or suspension of, or the institution of any proceedings to revoke or suspend,
any License now or hereafter



41

















held by any Significant Insurance Subsidiary which is required to conduct insurance
business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, other than such
expiration, revocation or suspension which, individually or in the aggregate, could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iv) the receipt of any notice
from any Governmental Authority of the institution of any disciplinary proceedings against
or in respect of any Significant Insurance Subsidiary, or the issuance of any order, the
taking of any action or any request for an extraordinary audit for cause by any
Governmental Authority which, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect, (v) any judicial or administrative order limiting or controlling
the insurance business of any Significant Insurance Subsidiary (and not the insurance
industry generally) which has been issued or adopted and which could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect or (vi) any change in the rating of the Index
Debt by Moody’s or Standard & Poor’s.




(d) Conduct of Business. The Borrower will, and will cause each Significant
Subsidiary to, do all things necessary (if applicable) to remain duly incorporated, validly
existing and in good standing as a domestic corporation in its jurisdiction of
incorporation and maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each
jurisdiction in which its business is conducted except where such failure to remain in good
standing or to maintain such authority could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. The Borrower will cause each Significant Insurance Subsidiary to (a) carry
on or otherwise be associated with the business of a licensed insurance carrier and (b) do
all things necessary to renew, extend and continue in effect all Licenses which may at any
time and from time to time be necessary for such Significant Insurance Subsidiary to
operate its insurance business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations;
provided, however, that any such Significant Insurance Subsidiary may
withdraw from one or more states as an admitted insurer, change the state of its domicile
or fail to keep in effect any License if such withdrawal, change or failure is in the best
interests of the Borrower and such Significant Insurance Subsidiary and could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.




(e) Taxes. The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, pay when due
all material taxes, assessments and governmental charges and levies upon it or its income,
profits or Property, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside.




(f) Insurance. The Borrower will, and will cause each Significant Subsidiary
to, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on all or
substantially all of its Property, or shall maintain self-insurance, in such amounts and
covering such risks as is consistent with sound



42

















business practice for Persons in substantially the same industry as the Borrower or
such Subsidiary, and the Borrower will furnish to any Lender upon request full information
as to the insurance carried.




(g) Compliance with Laws. The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary
to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations, orders, writs, judgments, injunctions,
decrees or awards to which it may be subject (including ERISA and applicable Environmental
Laws), except where the failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.




(h) Maintenance of Properties. The Borrower will, and will cause each
Significant Subsidiary to, do all things necessary to maintain, preserve, protect and keep
its Property in good repair, working order and condition, and make all necessary and proper
repairs, renewals and replacements so that its business carried on in connection therewith
may be properly conducted at all times, except where the failure to so maintain, preserve,
protect and repair could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.




(i) Inspection. The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, keep
proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries are made of all
dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities, to the extent
required by GAAP and where applicable, SAP. The Borrower will, and will cause each
Subsidiary to, permit the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (coordinated through the
Administrative Agent), by their respective representatives and agents, to inspect any of
the Property, corporate books and financial records of the Borrower and each Subsidiary, to
examine and make copies of the books of accounts and other financial records of the
Borrower and each Subsidiary, and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the
Borrower and each Subsidiary with, and to be advised as to the same by, their respective
officers upon reasonable notice and at such reasonable times and intervals as the Lenders
may designate.




(j) Merger. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Significant
Subsidiary to, merge or consolidate with or into any other Person, except that (a) a
Significant Subsidiary may merge into the Borrower or a Wholly Owned Subsidiary and (b) the
Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary may merge or consolidate with any other Person
provided that the Borrower or such Significant Subsidiary shall be the continuing or
surviving corporation and, prior to and after giving effect to such merger or
consolidation, no Default or Event of Default shall exist.




(k) Sale of Assets. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary
to, lease, sell or otherwise dispose of a Substantial Portion of Property of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis to any other



43

















Person(s) in any twelve month period; provided, however, that
Subsidiaries shall be permitted to sell assets for fair market value in arm’s-length
transactions (as determined, in transactions out of the ordinary course of business, by the
Board of Directors of the selling Subsidiary acting in good faith).




(l) Liens. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to,
create, incur, or suffer to exist any Lien in or on the Property of the Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries, except:




(i) Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies on its Property
if the same shall not at the time be delinquent or thereafter can be paid without
penalty, or are not material and are paid promptly upon receipt of notice of
nonpayment, or are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings and for
which adequate reserves in accordance with generally accepted principles of accounting
shall have been set aside on its books;




(ii) Liens imposed by law, such as carriers’, warehousemen’s and mechanics’ liens
and other similar liens arising in the ordinary course of business which secure payment
of obligations not more than 60 days past due or which are being contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves shall have been set
aside on its books;




(iii) Liens arising out of pledges or deposits under worker’s compensation laws,
unemployment insurance, old age pensions, or other social security or retirement
benefits, or similar legislation, including, without limitation, statutory deposits
under applicable insurance laws;




(iv) Utility easements, building restrictions and such other encumbrances or
charges against real property as are of a nature generally existing with respect to
properties of a similar character and which do not in any material way affect the
marketability of the same or interfere with the use thereof in the business of the
Borrower or the Subsidiaries;




(v) Liens existing on the Closing Date and, in the case of Liens upon Property of
the Borrower, described in Schedule II hereto;




(vi) Liens upon the Property of Insurance Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary
course of their business;




(vii) Liens on Qualifying SPV Assets securing Qualifying SPV Indebtedness, which
Qualifying SPV Assets shall have a fair market value not in excess of 25% of the fair
market value of the Invested Assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP as of the end of the preceding calendar
year;




(viii) Liens on Receivables and Receivables Related Assets in connection with
Permitted Securitization Transactions; and



44
















(ix) Other Liens securing Indebtedness for borrowed money (including Qualifying
SPV Indebtedness) not exceeding at any time $500,000,000 in aggregate principal amount.




(m) Consolidated Capitalization. The Borrower will maintain at all times a
ratio of (a) Aggregate Specified Indebtedness to (b) the sum of (i) Aggregate Specified
Indebtedness plus (ii) Consolidated Net Worth of not greater than 0.35 to 1.0.




(n) Minimum Consolidated Net Worth. The Borrower will at all times cause
Consolidated Net Worth to be at least equal to the sum of $6,320,000,000, plus an amount
equal to the sum for each completed fiscal quarter of the Borrower, commencing with the
fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2007 (but excluding any fiscal quarter for which
Consolidated Net Income is negative), of (i) 50% of Consolidated Net Income for such fiscal
quarter and (ii) 50% of the net proceeds of issuances of equity securities of the Borrower
during such fiscal quarter, all determined in accordance with GAAP.



ARTICLE 6

EVENTS OF DEFAULT




SECTION 6.01. Events of Default. If any of the following events (“Events of
Default”) shall occur and be continuing:





(a) The Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Advance when the same becomes
due and payable; or the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Advance or any
Facility Fee or Utilization Fee or any other amount payable hereunder when due and such
failure remains unremedied for five Business Days; or




(b) Any representation or warranty made by the Borrower herein or by the Borrower (or
any of its officers) in connection with this Agreement shall prove to have been incorrect
in any material respect when made or deemed made; or




(c) (i) The Borrower shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement
contained in Sections 5.01(b), (c)(i), (j), (k), (l), (m) or (n) or (ii) the Borrower shall
fail to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement contained in this
Agreement on its part to be performed or observed, and such failure remains unremedied for
30 days after notice thereof shall have been given to the Borrower by the Administrative
Agent or the Administrative Agent on behalf of any Lender; or



45
















(d) The Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to pay any principal of any
other Indebtedness of the Borrower which is outstanding in an aggregate principal amount of
at least $100,000,000, or its equivalent in other currencies (in this clause (d) called
“Material Indebtedness”) when the same becomes due and payable (whether at
scheduled maturity, by required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise); or any
other event shall occur or condition shall exist under any agreement or instrument relating
to any Material Indebtedness and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any,
specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such event or condition is to
accelerate, or to permit the acceleration of, the maturity of any Material Indebtedness, or
to require the same to be prepaid or defeased (other than by a regularly required payment);
or




(e) The Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall generally not pay its
debts as such debts become due, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts
generally, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any
proceeding shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any of its Significant
Subsidiaries seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking liquidation,
winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief, or composition of
it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or
relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for any substantial part
of its property and, in the case of any such proceeding instituted against the Borrower or
any of its Significant Subsidiaries, such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed
for a period of 60 days; or the Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall take
any corporate action to authorize any of the actions set forth above in this subsection
(e); or




(f) In connection with the actual or alleged insolvency of any of CAC, CCC or CIC or
any other Insurance Subsidiary, any Insurance Regulatory Authority shall appoint a
rehabilitator, receiver, custodian, trustee, conservator or liquidator or the like
(collectively, a “conservator”) for CAC, CCC, CIC or such other Insurance
Subsidiary, or cause possession of all or any substantial portion of the property of CAC,
CCC, CIC or such other Insurance Subsidiary to be taken by any conservator (or any
Insurance Regulatory Authority shall commence any action to effect any of the foregoing);
or




(g) A Change in Control shall occur; or




(h) The Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail within 30 days to pay, bond or
otherwise discharge any judgment or order for the payment of money, either singly or in the
aggregate, in excess of $100,000,000, which is not stayed on appeal or otherwise being
appropriately contested in good faith; or



46
















(i) The Borrower shall terminate, or the PBGC shall institute proceedings under Title
IV of ERISA to terminate, or to impose liability (other than for premiums under Section
4007 of ERISA) in respect of, or to cause a trustee to be appointed to administer, any
Single Employer Plan having Unfunded Liabilities in excess of $20,000,000;


then, and in any such event, the Administrative Agent (i) shall at the request, or may with the
consent, of the Majority Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, declare the obligation of each Lender
to make Advances to be terminated, whereupon the same shall forthwith terminate, and (ii) shall at
the request, or may with the consent, of the Majority Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, declare
the Advances, all interest thereon and all other amounts payable under this Agreement to be
forthwith due and payable, whereupon the Advances, all such interest and all such amounts shall
become and be forthwith due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of
any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower; provided,
however, that in the event of an Event of Default with respect to the Borrower of the kind
referred to in clause (e) above or with respect to any of CAC, CCC or CIC of the kind referred to
in clause (f) above, (A) the obligation of each Lender to make Advances shall automatically be
terminated and (B) the Advances, all such interest and all such amounts shall automatically become
and be due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any notice of any kind, all of
which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower.




ARTICLE 7

THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT




SECTION 7.01. Authorization and Action. Each Lender hereby appoints and authorizes
the Administrative Agent to take such action as administrative agent on its behalf and to exercise
such powers under this Agreement as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof,
together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. As to any matters not expressly
provided for by this Agreement (including, without limitation, enforcement or collection of the
Advances), the Administrative Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any
action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so
acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of the Majority Lenders, and such
instructions shall be binding upon all Lenders; provided, however, that the
Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action which exposes the Administrative
Agent to personal liability or which is contrary to this Agreement or applicable law. The
Administrative Agent agrees to give to each Lender prompt notice of each notice given to it by the
Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.




SECTION 7.02. Administrative Agent’s Reliance, Etc. Neither the Administrative Agent
nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable to the Lenders for any
action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them under or in connection with this Agreement,
except for its or their own gross negligence or willful




47

















misconduct. Without limitation of the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent:
(i) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel for the Borrower), independent public
accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable to the Lenders for any action
taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel,
accountants or experts; (ii) makes no warranty or representation to any Lender and shall not be
responsible to any Lender for any statements, warranties or representations (whether written or
oral) made in or in connection with this Agreement; (iii) shall not have any duty to ascertain or
to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this
Agreement on the part of the Borrower or to inspect the property (including the books and records)
of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; (iv) shall not be responsible to any Lender for the due
execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement
or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto; and (v) shall incur no liability to
the Lenders under or in respect of this Agreement by acting upon any notice, consent, certificate
or other instrument or writing (which may be by telecopier or other electronic communication)
believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent by the proper party or parties.




SECTION 7.03. Administrative Agent and Affiliates. With respect to its Commitment
and the Advances made by it, the Administrative Agent shall have the same rights and powers under
this Agreement as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the
Administrative Agent; and the term “Lender” or “Lenders” shall, unless otherwise expressly
indicated, include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity. The Administrative Agent
and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as trustee under indentures of, and
generally engage in any kind of business with, the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries and any Person
who may do business with or own securities of the Borrower or any such Subsidiary, all as if the
Administrative Agent were not the Administrative Agent and without any duty to account therefor to
the Lenders.




SECTION 7.04. Lender Credit Decision. Each Lender acknowledges that it has,
independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on
the financial statements referred to in Section 4.01 and such other documents and information as it
has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement.
Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the
Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall
deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking
action under this Agreement.




SECTION 7.05. Indemnification. The Lenders agree to indemnify the Administrative
Agent (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower), ratably according to the respective amounts
of their Commitments, from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages,
penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or




48

















disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by, or
asserted against the Administrative Agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement
or any action taken or omitted by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, provided
that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages,
penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements found in a
final-non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the
Administrative Agent’s gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without limiting the foregoing,
each Lender agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent promptly upon demand for its ratable share
of any out-of-pocket expenses (including counsel fees) incurred by the Administrative Agent in
connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or
enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in
respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement, to the extent that the Administrative
Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by the Borrower.




SECTION 7.06. Successor Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent may resign at
any time by giving 30 days written notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrower and may be
removed at any time with or without cause by the Majority Lenders. Upon any such resignation or
removal, the Majority Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent
that, unless a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and then be continuing, is
reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so
appointed by the Majority Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after
the retiring Administrative Agent’s giving of notice of resignation or the Majority Lenders’
removal of the retiring Administrative Agent, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf
of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a commercial bank
organized under the laws of the United States of America or of any State thereof and having total
assets of at least $1,000,000,000. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent
hereunder by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall thereupon
succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring
Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and
obligations under this Agreement. After any retiring Administrative Agent’s resignation or removal
hereunder as Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Article 7 shall inure to its benefit as
to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Administrative Agent under this
Agreement.




SECTION 7.07. Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner and Syndication Agent. The Sole
Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner and the Syndication Agent named on the cover page of this
Agreement, in their capacities as such, shall have no obligation, responsibility or required
performance hereunder and shall not become liable in any manner hereunder to any party hereto.




49


















ARTICLE 8




MISCELLANEOUS




SECTION 8.01. Amendments, Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this
Agreement, nor consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom, shall in any event be effective
unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Borrower and the Majority Lenders, and then
such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific
purpose for which given; provided, however, that no amendment, waiver or consent
shall, unless in writing and signed by all the affected Lenders, do any of the following: (a)
increase or extend the Commitments of such Lenders, (b) reduce the principal of, or interest on,
the Advances or any fees or other amounts payable by the Borrower hereunder, (c) postpone any date
fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest on, the Advances or any fees or other amounts
payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the
scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, (d) change the percentage of the Commitments or of
the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Advances, or the number of Lenders, which shall be
required for the Lenders or any of them to take any action hereunder or (e) amend this Section
8.01; provided further that no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in
writing and signed by 100% of the Lenders, modify the pro rata provisions of the Revolving Credit
Agreement; provided further that no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in
writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above to take
such action, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement. This
Agreement and the agreement referred to in Section 2.03(c) constitute the entire agreement of the
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.




SECTION 8.02. Notices, Etc. All notices and other communications provided for
hereunder shall be in writing (including telecopier) and mailed, telecopied or delivered by hand:





(a)	 	if to the Borrower:





CNA Financial Corporation

333 S. Wabash Avenue, 23rd Floor

Chicago, Illinois 60604




Attention: Treasurer, 23 South




Telephone No.: 312-822-4637

Telecopier No.: 312-822-4175




with a copy to:




50















CNA Financial Corporation

333 S. Wabash Avenue, 23rd Floor

Chicago, Illinois 60604




Attention: Assistant Treasurer, 23 South




Telephone No.: 312-822-6328

Telecopier No.: 312-822-4175





(b)	 	if to the Administrative Agent:





Citibank, N.A.

2 Penns Way, Suite 100

New Castle, DE 19720




Attention: Dana Thompson




Telephone No.: 302-894-6197

Telecopier No.: 212-994-0961





(c)	 	if to any Lender, at the Domestic Lending Office specified in the Administrative
Questionnaire of such Lender;




or, as to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, at such other address as shall be designated by
such party in a written notice to the other parties and, as to each other party, at such other
address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent. All such notices and communications shall be deemed to have been duly given
or made (i) in the case of hand deliveries, when delivered by hand, (ii) in the case of mailed
notices, three Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, and (iii) in the
case of telecopier notice, when transmitted and confirmed during normal business hours (or, if
delivered after the close of normal business hours, at the beginning of business hours on the next
Business Day), except that notices and communications to the Administrative Agent pursuant to
Article 2 or 7 shall not be effective until received by the Administrative Agent.




SECTION 8.03. No Waiver; Remedies. No failure on the part of any Lender or the
Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as
a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or
further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are
cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.




SECTION 8.04. Costs, Expenses and Indemnification.





51
















(a) The Borrower agrees to pay and reimburse on demand all reasonable costs and expenses
of the Administrative Agent and the Arranger in connection with (i) the arrangement and syndication
of the credit facility established hereby and (ii) the preparation, execution, delivery,
administration, modification and amendment of this Agreement and the other documents to be
delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses
of counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Arranger with respect thereto and with respect to
advising the Administrative Agent and the Arranger as to its rights and responsibilities under this
Agreement. The Borrower further agrees to pay on demand all costs and expenses, if any (including,
without limitation, reasonable counsel fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent and each of
the Lenders), incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the enforcement
(whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of this Agreement and the other
documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, reasonable counsel fees and
expenses in connection with the enforcement of rights under this Section 8.04(a). Such reasonable
fees and out-of-pocket expenses shall be reimbursed by the Borrower upon presentation to the
Borrower of a statement of account, regardless of whether this Agreement is executed and delivered
by the parties hereto or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated.




(b) The Borrower hereby agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, each
Lender and each of their respective Affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees,
agents, advisors and representatives (each, an “Indemnified Party”) from and against any
and all direct claims, damages, losses, liabilities, penalties and expenses (including, without
limitation, reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel), joint or several, that may be incurred
by or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified Party, in each case arising out of or in
connection with or relating to any investigation, litigation or proceeding or the preparation of
any defense with respect thereto arising out of or in connection with or relating to this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any use made or proposed to be made with the
proceeds of the Advances, whether or not such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by
the Borrower, any of its shareholders or creditors, an Indemnified Party or any other Person, or an
Indemnified Party is otherwise a party thereto, and whether or not any of the conditions precedent
set forth in Article 3 are satisfied or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement are
consummated, except to the extent such direct claim, damage, loss, liability or expense is found in
a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such
Indemnified Party’s gross negligence or willful misconduct.




The Borrower hereby further agrees that no Indemnified Party shall have any liability (whether
direct or indirect, in contract, tort or otherwise) to the Borrower for or in connection with or
relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any use made or
proposed to be made with the proceeds of the Advances, except to the extent such liability is found
in a final, non-appealable judgment




52

















by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Indemnified Party’s gross
negligence or willful misconduct.




To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower shall not assert and the Borrower
hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect,
consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in
connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.




(c) If any payment of principal of, or Conversion or Continuation of, any Eurodollar Rate
Advance is made other than on the last day of an Interest Period for such Advance as a result of
any optional or mandatory prepayment, acceleration of the maturity of the Advances pursuant to
Section 6.01 or for any other reason, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the
account of such Lender any amounts required to compensate such Lender for any additional losses,
costs or expenses (other than loss of profit) which it may reasonably incur as a result of such
payment, Continuation or Conversion and the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds
acquired by any Lender to fund or maintain such Advance. A certificate as to the amount of such
losses, costs and expenses, submitted to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent by such Lender,
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.




SECTION 8.05. Binding Effect. This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have
been executed by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall
have been notified by each Lender that such Lender has executed it and thereafter shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Lender and their
respective successors and permitted assigns, except that the Borrower shall not have the right to
assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the
Lenders.




SECTION 8.06. Assignments and Participations.




(a) Each Lender may assign to one or more banks or other entities, with notice to and the
consent of the Administrative Agent and, unless (i) an Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing or (ii) such assignment is to an existing Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an
Approved Fund, the Borrower (such consents not to be unreasonably withheld), all or a portion of
its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or a portion of
its Commitment and the Advances owing to it); provided that:





(i) each such assignment shall be of a constant, and not a varying, percentage of all
rights and obligations of the assigning Lender under this Agreement,



53
















(ii) except in the case of an assignment by a Lender to one of its Affiliates or to
another Lender, the amount of the Commitment of the assigning Lender being assigned
pursuant to each such assignment (determined as of the date of the Assignment and
Acceptance with respect to such assignment) shall in no event (unless the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent otherwise agree) be less than the lesser of (x) such Lender’s
Commitment hereunder and (y) $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess
thereof,




(iii) each such assignment shall be to an Eligible Assignee,




(iv) the parties to each such assignment shall execute and deliver to the
Administrative Agent, for its acceptance and recording in the Register, an Assignment and
Acceptance, and




(v) the parties to each such assignment (other than the Borrower) shall deliver to the
Administrative Agent a processing and recordation fee of $3,500.


Upon such execution, delivery, acceptance and recording, from and after the effective date
specified in each Assignment and Acceptance, (x) the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto
and, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned to it pursuant to such
Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder and (y) the Lender
assignor thereunder shall, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned
by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish its rights and be released from its
obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all or
the remaining portion of an assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such
Lender shall cease to be a party hereto).




(b) By executing and delivering an Assignment and Acceptance, the Lender assignor thereunder
and the assignee thereunder confirm to and agree with each other and the other parties hereto as
follows: (i) other than as provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, such assigning Lender makes
no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements,
warranties or representations made in or in connection with this Agreement or the execution,
legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement or any
other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto; (ii) such assigning Lender makes no
representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of
the Borrower or the performance or observance by the Borrower of any of its obligations under this
Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto; (iii) such assignee
confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement, together with copies of the financial
statements referred to in Section 4.01 and such other documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and
Acceptance; (iv) such assignee will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative
Agent, such assigning




54

















Lender or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it
shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not
taking action under this Agreement; (v) such assignee confirms that it is an Eligible Assignee;
(vi) such assignee appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as
administrative agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement as are
delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof, together with such powers as are
reasonably incidental thereto; and (vii) such assignee agrees that it will perform in accordance
with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of this Agreement are required to be
performed by it as a Lender.




(c) Upon its receipt of an Assignment and Acceptance executed by an assigning Lender and an
assignee representing that it is an Eligible Assignee, the Administrative Agent shall, if such
Assignment and Acceptance has been completed (and the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall
have consented to the relevant assignment) and is in substantially the form of Exhibit B
hereto, (i) accept such Assignment and Acceptance, (ii) record the information contained therein in
the Register and (iii) give prompt notice thereof to the Borrower.




(d) The Administrative Agent shall maintain at its address referred to in Section 8.02 a copy
of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and accepted by it and a register for the
recordation of the names and addresses of each of the Lenders and, with respect to Lenders, the
Commitment of, and principal amount of the Advances owing to, each such Lender from time to time
(the “Register”). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all
purposes, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may
treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as a Lender hereunder for the purposes of
this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower or any Lender at
any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.




(e) Each Lender may sell participations to one or more Persons (excluding any Persons
primarily engaged in the insurance or mutual fund business) in or to all or a portion of its rights
and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its
Commitment and the Advances owing to it); provided, however, that (i) such Lender’s
obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, its Commitment to the Borrower
hereunder) shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other
parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative
Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in
connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, (iv) in any proceeding
under the Federal Bankruptcy Code in respect of the Borrower, such Lender shall remain and be, to
the fullest extent permitted by law, the sole representative with respect to the rights and
obligations held in the name of such Lender (whether such rights or obligations are for such
Lender’s own account or for the account of any participant) and (v) no participant under any such
participation agreement shall have any right to approve any amendment




55

















or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, or to consent to any departure by the
Borrower therefrom, except to the extent that any such amendment, waiver or consent would (x)
reduce the principal of, or interest on, the Advances, in each case to the extent the same are
subject to such participation, or (y) postpone any date fixed for the payment of principal of, or
interest on, the Advances, in each case to the extent the same are subject to such participation.




(f) Any Lender may, in connection with any permitted assignment or participation or proposed
assignment or participation pursuant to this Section 8.06 and subject to the provisions of Section
8.12, disclose to the assignee or participant or proposed assignee or participant any information
relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates furnished to such Lender by or on
behalf of the Borrower.




(g) Notwithstanding any other provision set forth in this Agreement, any Lender may at any
time, without the consent of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, create a security interest
in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including, without limitation, the
Advances owing to it) in favor of any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with Regulation A of the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.




(h) Notwithstanding any other provision set forth in this Agreement, any Lender may at any
time, without the consent of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, assign to an Affiliate of
such Lender (excluding any Affiliate of such Lender primarily engaged in the insurance or mutual
fund business) all or any portion of its rights (but not its obligations) under this Agreement.




SECTION 8.07. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed
by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. The Borrower hereby
submits to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York and of any New York state court sitting in New York City for the purposes of
all legal proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby. The Borrower irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any
objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such proceeding
brought in such a court and any claim that any such proceeding brought in such a court has been
brought in an inconvenient forum. Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of
process in the manner provided for notices in Section 8.02. Nothing in this Agreement will affect
the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.




SECTION 8.08. Severability. In case any provision in this Agreement shall be held to be
invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be severable from the rest of this
Agreement, as the case may be, and the validity, legality and




56















enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.




SECTION 8.09. Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so
executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and
the same agreement. Any counterpart hereof may be executed and delivered via telecopier, and each
such counterpart so executed and delivered shall have the same force and effect as an originally
executed and delivered counterpart hereof.




SECTION 8.10. Survival. The obligations of the Borrower under Sections 2.02(c), 2.08,
2.12, 2.15 and 8.04, and the obligations of the Lenders under Section 7.05, shall survive the
repayment of the Advances and the termination of the Commitments. In addition, each representation
and warranty made, or deemed to be made by any Notice of Borrowing, herein or pursuant hereto shall
survive the making of such representation and warranty, and no Lender shall be deemed to have
waived, by reason of making any Advance, any Default or Event of Default that may arise by reason
of such representation or warranty proving to have been false or misleading, notwithstanding that
such Lender or the Administrative Agent may have had notice or knowledge or reason to believe that
such representation or warranty was false or misleading at the time such extension of credit was
made.




SECTION 8.11. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND
THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND
ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR
THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.




SECTION 8.12. Confidentiality. Each Lender agrees to hold any confidential information
which it may receive from the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates pursuant to this
Agreement in confidence and for use in connection with this Agreement, including without
limitation, for use in connection with its rights and remedies hereunder, except for disclosure (a)
to other Lenders and their respective Affiliates, (b) to legal counsel, accountants, and other
professional advisors to such Lender, (c) to regulatory officials, (d) as requested pursuant to or
as required by law, regulation, or legal process, (e) in connection with any legal proceeding to
which such Lender is a party and (f) to a proposed assignee or participant permitted under Section
8.06 which shall have agreed in writing for the benefit of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates to keep such disclosed confidential information
confidential in accordance with this Section.




57


















SECTION 8.13. Nonliability of Lenders; No Fiduciary Relationship. (a) The relationship
between the Borrower and the Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall be solely that of borrower
and lender. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender undertakes any responsibility to the
Borrower to review or inform the Borrower of any matter in connection with any phase of the
Borrower’s business or operations.




(b) The Borrower, on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries, agrees that in connection with all
aspects of the transactions contemplated hereby and any communications in connection therewith, the
Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the
Lenders and their Affiliates, on the other hand, will have a business relationship that does not
create, by implication or otherwise, any fiduciary duty on the part of the Administrative Agent,
any Lender or any of their Affiliates, and no such duty will be deemed to have arisen in connection
with any such transactions or communications.




SECTION 8.14. USA Patriot Act. Each Lender hereby notifies the Borrower that
pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record
information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the
Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance
with the USA Patriot Act.




[The remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank]




58
















IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their
respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.




CNA FINANCIAL CORPORATION


By
/s/ D. Craig Mense
Name:  	D. Craig Mense
Title:  	Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial
Officer


By
/s/ Lawrence Boysen
Name:  	Lawrence Boysen
Title:  	Senior Vice President and
Corporate Controller

CITIBANK, N.A., individually and as

Administrative Agent,


By
/s/ Peter C. Bickford
Name:  	Peter C. Bickford
Title:  	Managing Director








59

















JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,

individually,


By
/s/ Lawrence Palumbo
Name:  	Lawrence Palumbo
Title:  	Vice President























SIGNATURE PAGE TO THE

CNA FINANCIAL CORPORATION

FIVE-YEAR REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT





Name of Institution:






By

Name:
Title:


By1

Name:
Title:












1	 	A second signature block is provided for Lenders
that require two signatures.
























SCHEDULE I




Lenders and Commitments





Lender	 	Commitment


JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A.
$50,000,000
Citibank, N.A.
$40,000,000
Bank of America, N.A.
$40,000,000
Wachovia Bank, N.A.
$40,000,000
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association
$20,000,000
The Northern Trust Company
$20,000,000
U.S. Bank National Association
$15,000,000
La Salle Bank, National Association
$15,000,000
National City Bank
$10,000,000



Total
$250,000,000






Schedule I


















SCHEDULE II




Existing Liens




None.




Schedule II





















EXHIBIT A




NOTICE OF BORROWING




Citibank, N.A., as Administrative

Agent for the Lenders parties

to the Credit Agreement

referred to below

[                              ]

[                              ]

Attention: [           ]




[Date]



Ladies and Gentlemen:




The undersigned, CNA Financial Corporation (the “Borrower”), refers to the Five-Year
Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2007 (as from time to time amended, the
“Credit Agreement”, the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among
the undersigned, certain Lenders parties thereto and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for
said Lenders, and hereby gives you notice, irrevocably, pursuant to Section 2.02 of the Credit
Agreement that the undersigned hereby requests a Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in that
connection sets forth below the information relating to such Borrowing (the “Proposed
Borrowing”) as required by Section 2.02(a) of the Credit Agreement:





(i) The Business Day of the Proposed Borrowing is                      ___, ___.




(ii) The Type of Advances initially comprising the Proposed Borrowing is [Base Rate
Advances] [Eurodollar Rate Advances].




(iii) The aggregate amount of the Proposed Borrowing is $                    .




[(iv) The initial Interest Period for each Advance made as part of the Proposed
Borrowing is ___ month[s]]1.



The undersigned hereby certifies that the following statements are true on the date hereof,
and will be true on the date of the Proposed Borrowing:





(a) the representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01 (not including, in the
case of a Borrowing after the initial Borrowing, the Excluded













1	 	For Eurodollar Rate Advances only.





Notice of Borrowing



















Representations) are correct in all material respects, before and after giving effect to the
Proposed Borrowing and to the application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made on
and as of such date;



(b) no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Proposed
Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds therefrom, which constitutes an Event of
Default or, to the best of the undersigned’s knowledge, a Default.




Very truly yours,



CNA FINANCIAL CORPORATION


By
Name:
Title:


By

Name:
Title:




Notice of Borrowing




















EXHIBIT B




ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE




Dated ____________ __, _____




Reference is made to the Five-Year Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of August 1, 2007 (as
from time to time amended, the “Credit Agreement”) among CNA Financial Corporation, a
Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), the Lenders (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and
Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders (the “Administrative Agent”).
Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein with the same meaning.




(the “Assignor”) and                      (the “Assignee”) agree as
follows:




1. The Assignor hereby sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby purchases
and assumes from the Assignor, that interest in and to all of the Assignor’s rights and obligations
under the Credit Agreement as of the date hereof which represents the percentage interest specified
on Schedule 1 of all outstanding rights and obligations under the Credit Agreement, including,
without limitation, such interest in the Assignor’s Commitment and the Advances owing to the
Assignor. After giving effect to such sale and assignment, the Assignee’s Commitment and the
amount of the Advances owing to the Assignee will be as set forth in Schedule 1.




2. The Assignor (i) represents and warrants that it is the legal and beneficial owner of the
interest being assigned by it hereunder and that such interest is free and clear of any adverse
claim; (ii) makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any
statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or the
execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Credit
Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; and (iii) makes no
representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of
the Borrower or the performance or observance by the Borrower of any of its obligations under the
Credit Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto.




3. The Assignee (i) confirms that it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together
with copies of the financial statements referred to in Section 4.01 thereof and such other
documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision
to enter into this Assignment and Acceptance; (ii) agrees that it will, independently and without
reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender and based on such
documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit
decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement; (iii) confirms that it is an
Eligible Assignee; (iv) appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as
administrative agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Credit Agreement as are
delegated to the Administrative Agent by the




Assignment and Acceptance

















terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto; (v) agrees that
it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the
Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender; [and] (vi) specifies as its
Domestic Lending Office (and address for notices) and Eurodollar Lending Office the offices set
forth beneath its name on the signature pages hereof [and (vii) attaches the forms prescribed by
the Internal Revenue Service of the United States certifying as to the Assignee’s status for
purposes of determining exemption from United States withholding taxes with respect to all payments
to be made to the Assignee under the Credit Agreement or such other documents as are necessary to
indicate that all such payments are subject to such rates at a rate reduced by an applicable tax
treaty].1




4. Following the execution of this Assignment and Acceptance by the Assignor and the Assignee
and the consent of the Borrower, it will be delivered to the Administrative Agent for acceptance
and recording by the Administrative Agent. The effective date of this Assignment and Acceptance
shall be the date of acceptance thereof by the Administrative Agent, unless otherwise specified on
Schedule 1 hereto (the “Effective Date”).




5. Upon such acceptance and recording by the Administrative Agent, as of the Effective Date,
(i) the Assignee shall be a party to the Credit Agreement and, to the extent provided in this
Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder and (ii) the
Assignor shall, to the extent provided in this Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish its rights and
be released from its obligations under the Credit Agreement.




6. Upon such acceptance and recording by the Administrative Agent, from and after the
Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments under the Credit Agreement in
respect of the interest assigned hereby (including, without limitation, all payments of principal,
interest, Facility Fee and Utilization Fee with respect thereto) to the Assignee. The














1	 	If the Assignee is organized under the laws of
a jurisdiction outside the United States.





Assignment and Acceptance

















Assignor and Assignee shall make all appropriate adjustments in payments under the Credit
Agreement for periods prior to the Effective Date directly between themselves.




7. This Assignment and Acceptance shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the
law of the State of New York.




IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Assignment and Acceptance to be
executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above
written, such execution being made on Schedule 1 hereto.




Assignment and Acceptance



















SCHEDULE 1

to

ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE





Percentage assigned to Assignee
%


Assignee’s Commitment
$


Aggregate outstanding principal amount of Advances assigned
$


Effective Date (if other than date of acceptance by Administrative Agent)*
___, ___________







[NAME OF ASSIGNOR], as Assignor


By
Name:
Title:




Schedule 1 to Assignment and Acceptance



















[NAME OF ASSIGNEE], as Assignee


By
Name:
Title:


Domestic Lending Office:


Eurodollar Lending Office:













*	 	This date should be no earlier than the date of acceptance by the Administrative Agent.





Accepted this ___ day

of _________, ______




CITIBANK, N.A., as

Administrative Agent






By
Name:
Title:

CONSENTED TO:



CNA FINANCIAL CORPORATION






By
Name:
Title:


By
Name:
Title:




Schedule 1 to Assignment and Acceptance





















EXHIBIT C




[Form of Opinion of Counsel of the Borrower]







[Date]






To the Lenders party to the

Credit Agreement referred to

below




Citibank, N.A., as Administrative

Agent

[                     ]

[                     ]




Ladies and Gentlemen:




I have acted as counsel to CNA Financial Corporation (the “Borrower”) in connection
with the Five-Year Revolving Credit Agreement (the “Credit Agreement”) dated as of August
1, 2007, among the Borrower, the Lenders named therein and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent,
providing for Advances to be made by said Lenders to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount
not exceeding $250,000,000. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used in this opinion letter
as defined therein. This opinion letter is being delivered pursuant to Section 3.01(e) of the
Credit Agreement.




In rendering the opinion expressed below, I, or attorneys under my supervision, have examined
the following agreements, instruments and other documents:





(a) the Credit Agreement; and




(b) such corporate records of the Borrower and such other documents as I have deemed
necessary as a basis for the opinions expressed below.



In my examination, I have assumed the genuineness of all signatures (other than those of the
Borrower), the authenticity of all documents submitted to me as originals and the conformity with
authentic original documents of all documents submitted to me as copies. When relevant facts were
not independently established, I have relied upon certificates of governmental officials and
appropriate representatives of the Borrower and upon representations made in or pursuant to the
Credit Agreement.




In rendering the opinions expressed below, I have assumed, with respect to all of the
documents referred to in this opinion letter, that (except, to the extent set forth in the opinions
expressed below, as to the Borrower):




Opinion of Counsel of the Borrower



















(i)	 	such documents have been duly authorized by, have been duly
executed and delivered by, and constitute legal, valid, binding and enforceable
obligations of, all of the parties to such documents;

(ii)	 	all signatories to such documents have been duly authorized;
and

(iii)	 	all of the parties to such documents are duly organized and
validly existing and have the power and authority (corporate or other) to
execute, deliver and perform such documents.






Based upon and subject to the foregoing and subject also to the comments and qualifications
set forth below, and having considered such questions of law as I have deemed necessary as a basis
for the opinions expressed below, I am of the opinion that:





1. The Borrower is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the State of Delaware.




2. The Borrower has all requisite corporate power to execute and deliver, and to
perform its obligations and to incur liabilities under, the Credit Agreement.




3. The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of, and the incurrence by
the Borrower of liabilities under, the Credit Agreement has been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate action on the part of the Borrower.




4. The Credit Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower.




5. The Credit Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the
Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, except as may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating
to or affecting the rights of creditors generally and except as the enforceability of the
Credit Agreement is subject to the application of general principles of equity (regardless
of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), including, without limitation,
(a) the possible unavailability of specific performance, injunctive relief or any other
equitable remedy and (b) concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair
dealing.




6. No authorization, approval or consent of, and no filing or registration with, any
governmental or regulatory authority or agency of the United States of America or the State
of New York is required on the part of the Borrower for the execution, delivery or
performance by the Borrower of, or for the incurrence by the Borrower of any liabilities
under, the Credit Agreement.




7. The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of, and the consummation by
the Borrower of the transactions contemplated by, the Credit Agreement do not and will not
(a) violate any provision of the charter or by-laws of the



Opinion of Counsel of the Borrower



















Borrower, (b) violate any applicable law, rule or regulation of the United States of
America (including, without limitation, Regulations T, U and X issued by the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as amended) or the State of New York, (c) violate
any order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or governmental authority or agency or
any arbitral award applicable to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries of which I have knowledge
(after due inquiry) or (d) result in a breach of, constitute a default under, require any
consent under, or result in the acceleration or required prepayment of any indebtedness
pursuant to the terms of, any agreement or instrument of which I have knowledge (after due
inquiry) to which the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them is
bound or to which any of them is subject, or result in the creation or imposition of any
Lien upon any property of the Borrower pursuant to the terms of any such agreement or
instrument.




8. Other than as disclosed in filings of the Borrower with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, I have no knowledge (after due inquiry) of any legal or arbitral proceedings, or
any proceedings by or before any governmental or regulatory authority or agency, now pending
or threatened against or affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
respective Properties that, if adversely determined, could have a Material Adverse Effect.




9. The Borrower is not an “investment company”, or a Person “controlled by” an
“investment company”, as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended.




The foregoing opinions are subject to the following comments and qualifications:




(a) The enforceability of Section 8.04(b) of the Credit Agreement may be limited by
laws limiting the enforceability of provisions exculpating or exempting a party from, or
requiring indemnification of a party for, its own action or inaction, to the extent such
action or inaction involves gross negligence, recklessness or willful or unlawful conduct.




(b) The enforceability of provisions in the Credit Agreement to the effect that terms
may not be waived or modified except in writing may be limited under certain circumstances.




(c) I express no opinion as to (i) the effect of the laws of any jurisdiction in which
any Lender is located (other than the State of New York) that limit the interest, fees or
other charges such Lender may impose, (ii) Section 2.16 of the Credit Agreement, (iii) the
second sentence of Section 8.07 of the Credit Agreement, insofar as such sentence relates to
the subject matter jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York to adjudicate any controversy related to the Credit Agreement, (iv) the
waiver of inconvenient forum set forth in Section 8.07 of the Credit Agreement with respect
to proceedings in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and
(v) Section 8.08 of the Credit Agreement.



Opinion of Counsel of the Borrower


















The foregoing opinions are limited to matters involving the Federal laws of the United States,
the law of the State of New York and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and I do
not express any opinion as to the laws of any other jurisdiction.




At the request of the Borrower, this opinion letter is, pursuant to Section 3.01(e) of the
Credit Agreement, provided to you by me in my capacity as Counsel of the Borrower and may not be
relied upon by any Person for any purpose other than in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Credit Agreement without, in each instance, my prior written consent.




Very truly yours,




Opinion of Counsel of the Borrower

























EXHIBIT D




COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE





To: 	 	The Lenders parties to the

Credit Agreement Described Below





This Compliance Certificate is furnished pursuant to that certain Five-Year Revolving Credit
Agreement dated as of August 1, 2007 (as amended, modified, renewed or extended from time to time,
the “Credit Agreement”) among the Borrower, the banks named therein, J.P. Morgan Securities, Inc.,
as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner, [                              ] as Syndication Agent and Citibank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent for the Lenders. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in
this Compliance Certificate have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement.



THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT:



1. I am the duly elected or appointed [                              ] of the Borrower;



2. I have reviewed the terms of the Credit Agreement and I have made, or have caused to be
made under my supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and conditions of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries during the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements;



3. The examinations described in paragraph 2 did not disclose, and I have no knowledge of, the
existence of any condition or event which constitutes a Default or an Event of Default during or at
the end of the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements or as of the date of
this Certificate, except as set forth below; and



4. Schedule I attached hereto sets forth financial data and computations evidencing the
Borrower’s compliance with certain covenants of the Credit Agreement, all of which data and
computations are true, complete and correct.

Described below are the exceptions, if any, to paragraph 3 by listing, in detail, the nature of the
condition or event, the period during which it has existed and the action which the Borrower has
taken, is taking, or proposes to take with respect to each such condition or event:



















Compliance Certificate

















The foregoing certifications, together with the computations set forth in Schedule I hereto and the
financial statements delivered with this Certificate in support hereof, are made and delivered this
___day of___, 20_.














Compliance Certificate


















SCHEDULE I TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE




Schedule of Compliance as of with

Provisions of Sections 5.01(m) and 5.01(n) of

the Credit Agreement





1.	 	Section 5.01(m) — Consolidated Capitalization




A.
Aggregate Specified Indebtedness
$




B.
Consolidated Capitalization




(i)    Aggregate Specified Indebtedness
$




(ii)   Consolidated Net Worth
$




(iii)  Sum of (i) and (ii)
$




C.
Ratio of A to B
:1.0




D.
Permitted Ratio
Not greater than 0.35:1.0




Complies ___ Does Not Comply ___


2.	 	Section 5.01(n) — Minimum Consolidated Net Worth




A.
Consolidated Net Worth:
$




B.
Minimum Consolidated Net Worth:




(i)    $[6,600,000,000]

$




(ii)   For each completed fiscal quarter of the Borrower,
commencing with the fiscal quarter ending [March 31],
2007 (but excluding any fiscal quarter for which
Consolidated Net Income is negative):





(a)   50% of Consolidated Net Income

$




(b)   50% of proceeds of issuances of equity securities of
the Borrower during such fiscal quarter

$




(c)   Sum of (a) and (b)

$





Schedule I to Compliance Certificate




















(iii)  Sum of (i) and (ii)
$




C.
Required Comparison:
A ³ B





Complies ___ Does Not Comply ___






Schedule I to Compliance Certificate





















EXHIBIT E




[FORM OF]




PROMISSORY NOTE




New York, New York




[Date]




For value received, [NAME OF BORROWER], a [                    ] corporation (the “Borrower”),
promises to pay to the order of [name of Lender] (the “Lender”) (i) the unpaid principal amount of
each Advance made by the Lender to the Borrower under the Credit Agreement referred to below, when
and as due and payable under the terms of the Credit Agreement, and (ii) interest on the unpaid
principal amount of each such Advance on the dates and at the rate or rates provided for in the
Credit Agreement. All such payments of principal and interest shall be made to the accounts
specified in the Credit Agreement, in immediately available funds.



All Advances made by the Lender, and all repayments of the principal thereof, shall be
recorded by the Lender and, prior to any transfer hereof, appropriate notations to evidence the
foregoing information with respect to each such Advance then outstanding shall be endorsed by the
Lender on the schedule attached hereto, or on a continuation of such schedule attached hereto and
made a part hereof; provided that the failure of the Lender to make any such recordation or
endorsement shall not affect the obligations of the Borrower hereunder or under the Credit
Agreement.



This note is one of the promissory notes issued pursuant to the Five-Year Revolving Credit
Agreement dated as of August 1, 2007, among CNA Financial Corporation, the Lenders from time to
time party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (as the same may be amended from
time to time, the “Credit Agreement”). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein with
the same meanings. Reference is made to the Credit Agreement for provisions for the mandatory and
optional prepayment hereof and the acceleration of the maturity hereof.




This note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New
York.





[NAME OF BORROWER],


By
Name:
Title:




Promissory Note





























By

Name:
Title:




Schedule I to Compliance Certificate























SCHEDULE OF ADVANCES AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL





Amount of Principal	 	 	Unpaid Principal
Date	 	Amount of Advance	 	 	Repaid	 	 	Balance	 	 	Notations Made By














