











EXHIBIT 10.1
CREDIT AGREEMENT


THIS  AGREEMENT is entered into as of September 1, 1998, by and between
PUBLIC   STORAGE   PROPERTIES  IV,  LTD.,  a  California   limited   partnership
("Borrower"), and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("Bank").

RECITAL

Borrower has  requested  from Bank the credit  accommodation  described
below,  and Bank has agreed to provide said credit  accommodation to Borrower on
the terms and conditions contained herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, Bank and Borrower hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I
THE CREDIT

SECTION 1.1. LOAN.

(a) LOAN.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,  Bank
hereby agrees to make a loan to Borrower in the  principal  amount of Twenty-one
Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($21,500,000.00) ("Loan"), the proceeds of
which shall be used to repay  indebtedness of Borrower to Public  Storage,  Inc.
Borrower's  obligation to repay the Loan shall be evidenced by a promissory note
substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto ("Loan Note"),  all terms
of which are incorporated  herein by this reference.  Bank's commitment to grant
the Loan shall terminate on September 30, 1998.

(b) REPAYMENT.  The outstanding  principal balance of the Loan shall be
due and payable in full on September 1, 2002.

(c)  PREPAYMENT.  Borrower  may prepay  principal on the Loan solely in
accordance with the provisions of the Loan Note.

SECTION 1.2. INTEREST/FEES.

(a) INTEREST.  The outstanding principal balance of the Loan shall bear
interest at the rates of interest set forth in the Loan Note.

(b) COMPUTATION AND PAYMENT. Interest shall be computed on the basis of
a 360-day year, actual days elapsed.  Interest shall be payable at the times and
place set forth in the Loan Note.

(c)  COMMITMENT  FEE.  Borrower  shall  pay to  Bank  a  non-refundable
commitment  fee for the Loan equal to [Commitment  Fee],  which fee shall be due
and payable in full upon execution of this Agreement.

SECTION  1.3.  COLLECTION  OF  PAYMENTS.  Borrower  authorizes  Bank to
collect all interest and fees due under the Loan by charging  Borrower's  demand
deposit account number  [Account  Number] with Bank, or any other demand deposit
account  maintained by Borrower with Bank, for the full amount  thereof.  Should
there be  insufficient  funds in any such demand deposit account to pay all such
sums when due, the full amount of such  deficiency  shall be immediately due and
payable by Borrower.

13

<PAGE>

ARTICLE II
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Borrower  makes the following  representations  and warranties to Bank,
which  representations  and  warranties  shall  survive  the  execution  of this
Agreement  and shall  continue in full force and effect until the full and final
payment, and satisfaction and discharge,  of all obligations of Borrower to Bank
subject to this Agreement.

SECTION 2.1.  LEGAL  STATUS.  Borrower is a limited  partnership,  duly
organized  and  existing  and in good  standing  under  the laws of the state of
California,  and is qualified or licensed to do business in all jurisdictions in
which such  qualification or licensing is required or in which the failure to so
qualify or to be so licensed could have a material adverse effect on Borrower.

SECTION 2.2. AUTHORIZATION AND VALIDITY. This Agreement, the Loan Note,
and each other document,  contract and instrument required hereby or at any time
hereafter  delivered to Bank in  connection  herewith  (collectively,  the "Loan
Documents") have been duly authorized,  and upon their execution and delivery in
accordance with the provisions hereof will constitute  legal,  valid and binding
agreements  and  obligations  of Borrower or the party which  executes the same,
enforceable in accordance with their respective terms.

SECTION 2.3. NO VIOLATION.  The execution,  delivery and performance by
Borrower of each of the Loan  Documents do not violate any  provision of any law
or  regulation,  or  contravene  any provision of the  Partnership  Agreement of
Borrower, or result in any breach of or default under any contract,  obligation,
indenture or other  instrument to which Borrower is a party or by which Borrower
may be bound.

SECTION  2.4.  LITIGATION.  There  are no  pending,  or to the  best of
Borrower's  knowledge  threatened,  actions,  claims,  investigations,  suits or
proceedings  by or  before  any  governmental  authority,  arbitrator,  court or
administrative  agency  which  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on the
financial  condition  or  operation  of Borrower  other than those  disclosed by
Borrower to Bank in writing prior to the date hereof.

SECTION  2.5.  CORRECTNESS  OF  FINANCIAL   STATEMENT.   The  financial
statement  of  Borrower  dated  June 30,  1998,  a true  copy of which  has been
delivered  by Borrower  to Bank prior to the date  hereof,  (a) is complete  and
correct and presents fairly the financial  condition of Borrower,  (b) discloses
all  liabilities  of  Borrower  that are  required to be  reflected  or reserved
against under generally accepted  accounting  principles,  whether liquidated or
unliquidated,  fixed or contingent, and (c) has been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied. Since the date of
such  financial  statement  there  has been no  material  adverse  change in the
financial condition of Borrower, nor has Borrower mortgaged,  pledged, granted a
security  interest in or otherwise  encumbered  any of its assets or  properties
except in favor of Bank or as otherwise permitted by Bank in writing.

SECTION  2.6.  INCOME TAX  RETURNS.  Borrower  has no  knowledge of any
pending assessments or adjustments of its income tax payable with respect to any
year.

SECTION  2.7.  NO  SUBORDINATION.  There  is no  agreement,  indenture,
contract or instrument to which  Borrower is a party or by which Borrower may be
bound that requires the  subordination  in right of payment of any of Borrower's
obligations subject to this Agreement to any other obligation of Borrower.

SECTION  2.8.  PERMITS,   FRANCHISES.   Borrower  possesses,  and  will
hereafter possess,  all permits,  consents,  approvals,  franchises and licenses
required and rights to all  trademarks,  trade names,  patents,  and  fictitious
names, if any, necessary to enable it to conduct the business in which it is now
engaged in compliance with applicable law.

SECTION 2.9. ERISA.  Borrower is in compliance in all material respects
with all applicable provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended or  recodified  from time to time  ("ERISA");  Borrower has not
violated any provision of any defined  employee pension benefit plan (as defined
in ERISA)  maintained  or  contributed  to by  Borrower  (each,  a  "Plan");  no

14

<PAGE>

Reportable Event as defined in ERISA has occurred and is continuing with respect
to any  Plan  initiated  by  Borrower;  Borrower  has  met its  minimum  funding
requirements  under ERISA with respect to each Plan;  and each Plan will be able
to fulfill its benefit  obligations as they come due in accordance with the Plan
documents and under generally accepted accounting principles.

SECTION  2.10.  OTHER  OBLIGATIONS.  Borrower  is not in default on any
obligation  for borrowed  money,  any  purchase  money  obligation  or any other
material lease, commitment, contract, instrument or obligation.

SECTION 2.11. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS. Except as disclosed by Borrower to
Bank in writing  prior to the date  hereof,  Borrower  is in  compliance  in all
material respects with all applicable federal or state environmental,  hazardous
waste, health and safety statutes, and any rules or regulations adopted pursuant
thereto,  which govern or affect any of Borrower's operations and/or properties,
including  without  limitation,   the  Comprehensive   Environmental   Response,
Compensation   and  Liability  Act  of  1980,   the  Superfund   Amendments  and
Reauthorization Act of 1986, the Federal Resource  Conservation and Recovery Act
of 1976, and the Federal Toxic Substances Control Act, as any of the same may be
amended,  modified or supplemented  from time to time. None of the operations of
Borrower is the subject of any federal or state investigation evaluating whether
any remedial action  involving a material  expenditure is needed to respond to a
release  of any toxic or  hazardous  waste or  substance  into the  environment.
Borrower has no material contingent  liability in connection with any release of
any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the environment.

ARTICLE III
CONDITIONS

SECTION 3.1.  CONDITIONS OF INITIAL EXTENSION OF CREDIT. The obligation
of Bank to extend any credit  contemplated  by this  Agreement is subject to the
fulfillment to Bank's satisfaction of all of the following conditions:

(a)  APPROVAL OF BANK  COUNSEL.  All legal  matters  incidental  to the
extension of credit by Bank shall be satisfactory to Bank's counsel.

(b)  DOCUMENTATION.  Bank shall have  received,  in form and  substance
satisfactory to Bank, each of the following, duly executed:

(i)  This Agreement and the Loan Note.

(ii) Partnership  Authorization,  Joint Venture or Association
Certificates.

(iii)Partnership Agreement.

(iv) Such other  documents as Bank may require under any other
Section of this Agreement.

(c)  FINANCIAL  CONDITION.  There shall have been no  material  adverse
change,  as  determined  by Bank,  in the  financial  condition  or  business of
Borrower,  nor any material decline,  as determined by Bank, in the market value
of any collateral required hereunder or a substantial or material portion of the
assets of Borrower.

SECTION 3.2.  CONDITIONS OF EACH EXTENSION OF CREDIT. The obligation of
Bank to make each extension of credit  requested by Borrower  hereunder shall be
subject  to the  fulfillment  to Bank's  satisfaction  of each of the  following
conditions:

(a) COMPLIANCE. The representations and warranties contained herein and
in each of the other Loan  Documents  shall be true on and as of the date of the
signing of this  Agreement  and on the date of each  extension of credit by Bank
pursuant  hereto,  with the same  effect  as  though  such  representations  and
warranties  had been made on and as of each such date, and on each such date, no
Event of Default as defined  herein,  and no condition,  event or act which with
the giving of notice or the  passage of time or both  would  constitute  such an
Event of Default, shall have occurred and be continuing or shall exist.

(b)  DOCUMENTATION.  Bank shall have received all additional  documents
which may be required in connection with such extension of credit.

15

<PAGE>

ARTICLE IV
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

Borrower  covenants  that so long as Bank  remains  committed to extend
credit to  Borrower  pursuant  hereto,  or any  liabilities  (whether  direct or
contingent,  liquidated  or  unliquidated)  of Borrower to Bank under any of the
Loan Documents remain outstanding,  and until payment in full of all obligations
of Borrower subject hereto,  Borrower shall,  unless Bank otherwise  consents in
writing:

SECTION 4.1. PUNCTUAL PAYMENTS. Punctually pay all principal, interest,
fees or other  liabilities  due under any of the Loan Documents at the times and
place and in the manner specified therein.

SECTION 4.2. ACCOUNTING RECORDS. Maintain adequate books and records in
accordance with generally accepted accounting  principles  consistently applied,
and permit any representative of Bank, at any reasonable time, to inspect, audit
and examine such books and records,  to make copies of the same,  and to inspect
the properties of Borrower.

SECTION  4.3.  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS.   Provide  to  Bank  all  of  the
following, in form and detail satisfactory to Bank:

(a) not  later  than 120 days  after  and as of the end of each  fiscal
year, a 10K of Borrower, prepared by a certified public accountant acceptable to
Bank, to include all schedules and footnotes;

(b)  not  later  than 45 days  after  and as of the end of each  fiscal
quarter, a 10Q of Borrower,  prepared by Borrower,  to include all schedules and
footnotes;

(c) from time to time such  other  information  as Bank may  reasonably
request.

SECTION 4.4. COMPLIANCE.  Preserve and maintain all licenses,  permits,
governmental  approvals,  rights,  privileges and  franchises  necessary for the
conduct  of its  business;  and  comply  with the  provisions  of all  documents
pursuant to which Borrower is organized and/or which govern Borrower's continued
existence and with the requirements of all laws,  rules,  regulations and orders
of any governmental authority applicable to Borrower and/or its business.

SECTION 4.5.  INSURANCE.  Maintain  and keep in force  insurance of the
types and in amounts customarily carried in lines of business similar to that of
Borrower,   including  but  not  limited  to  fire,  extended  coverage,  public
liability,  flood,  property  damage and  workers'  compensation,  with all such
insurance  carried  with  companies  and in amounts  satisfactory  to Bank,  and
deliver to Bank from time to time at Bank's request  schedules setting forth all
insurance then in effect.

SECTION 4.6.  FACILITIES.  Keep all  properties  useful or necessary to
Borrower's  business  in good repair and  condition,  and from time to time make
necessary  repairs,  renewals and  replacements  thereto so that such properties
shall be fully and efficiently preserved and maintained.

SECTION 4.7.  TAXES AND OTHER  LIABILITIES.  Pay and discharge when due
any and all  indebtedness,  obligations,  assessments  and  taxes,  both real or
personal,  including without limitation federal and state income taxes and state
and local  property  taxes and  assessments,  except such (a) as Borrower may in
good faith  contest or as to which a bona fide  dispute  may arise,  and (b) for
which Borrower has made provision, to Bank's satisfaction,  for eventual payment
thereof in the event Borrower is obligated to make such payment.

SECTION 4.8. LITIGATION. Promptly give notice in writing to Bank of any
litigation  pending or threatened  against Borrower which is not insured against
and which involves a claim in excess of $500,000.00 or which may have a material
adverse effect on Borrower's financial condition or operations.

16

<PAGE>

SECTION  4.9.  FINANCIAL   CONDITION.   Maintain  Borrower's  financial
condition as follows using generally accepted accounting principles consistently
applied  and used  consistently  with  prior  practices  (except  to the  extent
modified by the definitions herein):

(a) Interest  Coverage Ratio not less than 1.5 to 1.0 as of each fiscal
quarter end,  determined  on a rolling four (4) quarter  basis,  with  "Interest
Coverage" defined as EBITDA divided by Interest  Expense,  with "EBITDA" defined
as net  profit  before  tax plus  Interest  Expense,  depreciation  expense  and
amortization  expense,  and with  "Interest  Expense"  defined as total interest
expense for any given period.

(b) Pre-tax profit not less than $1.00 on a quarterly basis, determined
as of each fiscal quarter end.

(c) Market Value Ratio at all times less than 1.0 to 1.0, determined on
a rolling four (4) quarter  basis,  with "Market  Value Ratio"  defined as Total
Liabilities  divided by Gross Asset Value. "Total Liabilities" is defined as the
aggregate of current  liabilities and non-current  liabilities less subordinated
debt. "Gross Asset Value" is defined as EBITDA (as defined above) less dividends
paid to  Borrower  less  capital  expenditures  divided by a ten  percent  (10%)
capitalization  rate,  plus  cash,  cash  equivalents  and the  market  value of
securities  owned by Borrower  which are  publicly  traded on the New York Stock
Exchange, American Stock Exchange or on NASDAQ.

(d) Cash  Coverage  Ratio not less than 1.15 to 1.00,  determined  on a
rolling four (4) quarter basis, with "Cash Coverage Ratio" defined as EBITDA (as
defined above) less capital expenditures less distributions divided by the prior
period  current  maturity  of long term debt plus  Interest  Expense (as defined
above).

SECTION 4.10. NOTICE TO BANK.  Promptly (but in no event more than five
(5) days after the  occurrence of each such event or matter) give written notice
to Bank in reasonable detail of: (a) the occurrence of any Event of Default,  or
any  condition,  event or act which with the giving of notice or the  passage of
time or both would constitute an Event of Default; (b) any change in the name or
the organizational  structure of Borrower;  (c) the occurrence and nature of any
Reportable  Event or Prohibited  Transaction,  each as defined in ERISA,  or any
funding  deficiency  with  respect  to any  Plan;  or  (d)  any  termination  or
cancellation of any insurance policy which Borrower is required to maintain,  or
any uninsured or partially  uninsured loss through liability or property damage,
or through fire, theft or any other cause affecting Borrower's property.

SECTION  4.11.  YEAR  2000  COMPLIANCE.  Perform  all  acts  reasonably
necessary to ensure that (a) Borrower and any business in which Borrower holds a
substantial  interest,  and (b) all  customers,  suppliers  and vendors that are
material to Borrower's business,  become Year 2000 Compliant in a timely manner.
Such acts shall include,  without limitation,  performing a comprehensive review
and assessment of all of Borrower's  systems and adopting a detailed plan,  with
itemized budget, for the remediation, monitoring and testing of such systems. As
used herein, "Year 2000 Compliant" shall mean, in regard to any entity, that all
software,  hardware,  firmware,  equipment,  goods  or  systems  utilized  by or
material to the business  operations or financial condition of such entity, will
properly  perform date  sensitive  functions  before,  during and after the year
2000.   Borrower  shall,   immediately  upon  request,   provide  to  Bank  such
certifications or other evidence of Borrower's  compliance with the terms hereof
as Bank may from time to time require.

ARTICLE V
NEGATIVE COVENANTS

Borrower  further  covenants that so long as Bank remains  committed to
extend credit to Borrower pursuant hereto, or any liabilities (whether direct or
contingent,  liquidated  or  unliquidated)  of Borrower to Bank under any of the
Loan Documents remain outstanding,  and until payment in full of all obligations
of Borrower  subject  hereto,  Borrower  will not without  Bank's prior  written
consent:

SECTION  5.1.  USE OF  FUNDS.  Use any of the  proceeds  of any  credit
extended hereunder except for the purposes stated in Article I hereof.

17

<PAGE>

SECTION 5.2. CAPITAL  EXPENDITURES.  Make any additional  investment in
fixed assets in any fiscal year in excess of $500,000.00 in the aggregate.

SECTION 5.3. OTHER  INDEBTEDNESS.  Create,  incur,  assume or permit to
exist any  indebtedness  or  liabilities  resulting  from  borrowings,  loans or
advances,  whether  secured or unsecured,  matured or  unmatured,  liquidated or
unliquidated,  joint or several, except (a) the liabilities of Borrower to Bank,
and (b) any other  liabilities of Borrower existing as of, and disclosed to Bank
prior to, the date hereof.

SECTION 5.4. MERGER,  CONSOLIDATION,  TRANSFER OF ASSETS. Merge into or
consolidate with any other entity;  make any substantial change in the nature of
Borrower's  business  as  conducted  as of  the  date  hereof;  acquire  all  or
substantially all of the assets of any other entity;  nor sell, lease,  transfer
or otherwise  dispose of all or a substantial or material  portion of Borrower's
assets except in the ordinary course of its business.

SECTION  5.5.  GUARANTIES.  Guarantee  or  become  liable in any way as
surety,  endorser (other than as endorser of negotiable  instruments for deposit
or collection in the ordinary  course of  business),  accommodation  endorser or
otherwise for, nor pledge or hypothecate any assets of Borrower as security for,
any liabilities or obligations of any other person or entity,  except any of the
foregoing in favor of Bank.

SECTION 5.6. LOANS, ADVANCES,  INVESTMENTS.  Make any loans or advances
to or investments in any person or entity,  except any of the foregoing existing
as of, and disclosed to Bank prior to, the date hereof.

SECTION 5.7.  PLEDGE OF ASSETS.  Mortgage,  pledge,  grant or permit to
exist a security  interest  in, or lien upon,  all or any portion of  Borrower's
assets now owned or hereafter acquired,  except any of the foregoing in favor of
Bank or which is existing as of, and  disclosed to Bank in writing prior to, the
date hereof.

ARTICLE VI
EVENTS OF DEFAULT

SECTION 6.1. The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an
"Event of Default" under this Agreement:

(a) Borrower shall fail to pay when due any principal,  interest,  fees
or other amounts payable under any of the Loan Documents.

(b)  Any  financial  statement  or  certificate  furnished  to  Bank in
connection with, or any representation or warranty made by Borrower or any other
party  under  this  Agreement  or any  other  Loan  Document  shall  prove to be
incorrect, false or misleading in any material respect when furnished or made.

(c)  Any  default  in  the   performance  of  or  compliance  with  any
obligation,  agreement or other provision  contained herein or in any other Loan
Document  (other than those referred to in subsections  (a) and (b) above),  and
with respect to any such default which by its nature can be cured,  such default
shall continue for a period of twenty (20) days from its occurrence.

(d) Any default in the payment or performance of any obligation, or any
defined event of default,  under the terms of any contract or instrument  (other
than any of the  Loan  Documents)  pursuant  to which  Borrower  or any  general
partner in Borrower has  incurred  any debt or other  liability to any person or
entity,  including  Bank;  provided,  however,  that in the case of a default or
defined event of default under the terms of  indebtedness  to a person or entity
other than  Bank,  any cure  period  applicable  thereto  has  expired  and such
indebtedness is in excess of $2,500,000.00, individually or in the aggregate for
all such defaults by Borrower or any general partner in Borrower combined.

18

<PAGE>

(e) The filing of a notice of  judgment  lien  against  Borrower or any
general  partner in  Borrower;  or the  recording  of any  abstract  of judgment
against  Borrower  or any  general  partner in  Borrower  in any county in which
Borrower  or such  general  partner has an  interest  in real  property;  or the
service of a notice of levy  and/or of a writ of  attachment  or  execution,  or
other like  process,  against the assets of  Borrower or any general  partner in
Borrower;  or the entry of a judgment against Borrower or any general partner in
Borrower;   provided,  however,  that  such  judgments,  liens,  levies,  writs,
executions and other process involve debts of or claims against  Borrower or any
general partner in Borrower in excess of  $1,000,000.00,  individually or in the
aggregate for all such judgments,  liens,  levies,  writs,  executions and other
process  against  Borrower  and any general  partner in Borrower  combined,  and
within  twenty (20) days after the creation  thereof,  or at least ten (10) days
prior to the date on which any assets  could be  lawfully  sold in  satisfaction
thereof,  such debt or claim is not  satisfied  or  stayed  pending  appeal  and
insured against in a manner satisfactory to Bank.

(f) Borrower or any general partner in Borrower shall become insolvent,
or shall  suffer or  consent  to or apply  for the  appointment  of a  receiver,
trustee,  custodian or  liquidator  of itself or any of its  property,  or shall
generally  fail to pay its debts as they  become  due,  or shall  make a general
assignment  for the benefit of  creditors;  Borrower  or any general  partner in
Borrower   shall  file  a   voluntary   petition  in   bankruptcy,   or  seeking
reorganization, in order to effect a plan or other arrangement with creditors or
any other relief under the Bankruptcy  Reform Act, Title 11 of the United States
Code, as amended or recodified from time to time  ("Bankruptcy  Code"), or under
any state or federal law granting relief to debtors, whether now or hereafter in
effect;  or any  involuntary  petition or proceeding  pursuant to the Bankruptcy
Code or any other  applicable  state or  federal  law  relating  to  bankruptcy,
reorganization  or other  relief  for  debtors  is filed  or  commenced  against
Borrower or any general  partner in  Borrower,  or Borrower or any such  general
partner  shall file an answer  admitting the  jurisdiction  of the court and the
material  allegations  of any  involuntary  petition;  or  Borrower  or any such
general partner shall be adjudicated a bankrupt, or an order for relief shall be
entered  against  Borrower or any such general partner by any court of competent
jurisdiction  under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable state or federal
law relating to bankruptcy, reorganization or other relief for debtors.

(g) There  shall  exist or occur any event or  condition  which Bank in
good faith believes impairs, or is substantially  likely to impair, the prospect
of payment or performance by Borrower of its  obligations  under any of the Loan
Documents.

(h) The dissolution or liquidation of Borrower or Public Storage, Inc.;
or Borrower or Public Storage, Inc., or any of their directors,  stockholders or
members,  shall take action seeking to effect the  dissolution or liquidation of
Borrower or Public Storage, Inc. The withdrawal from Borrower of Public Storage,
Inc. as a general partner.

SECTION 6.2. REMEDIES. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default: (a)
all indebtedness of Borrower under each of the Loan Documents,  any term thereof
to the  contrary  notwithstanding,  shall at Bank's  option and  without  notice
become  immediately  due and payable  without  presentment,  demand,  protest or
notice of dishonor,  all of which are hereby expressly  waived by Borrower;  (b)
the  obligation,  if any, of Bank to extend any further  credit under any of the
Loan Documents shall  immediately  cease and terminate;  and (c) Bank shall have
all rights,  powers and remedies available under each of the Loan Documents,  or
accorded by law,  including without limitation the right to resort to any or all
security for any credit  accommodation  from Bank subject hereto and to exercise
any  or  all of the  rights  of a  beneficiary  or  secured  party  pursuant  to
applicable law. All rights,  powers and remedies of Bank may be exercised at any
time by Bank and from time to time after the  occurrence of an Event of Default,
are cumulative and not exclusive,  and shall be in addition to any other rights,
powers or remedies provided by law or equity.

ARTICLE VII
MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 7.1. NO WAIVER. No delay,  failure or discontinuance of Bank in
exercising  any right,  power or remedy  under any of the Loan  Documents  shall
affect or operate  as a waiver of such  right,  power or  remedy;  nor shall any
single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude, waive or

19

<PAGE>

otherwise  affect any other or further  exercise  thereof or the exercise of any
other right,  power or remedy.  Any waiver,  permit,  consent or approval of any
kind by Bank of any breach of or default under any of the Loan Documents must be
in writing and shall be effective only to the extent set forth in such writing.

SECTION 7.2. NOTICES. All notices, requests and demands which any party
is required or may desire to give to any other party under any provision of this
Agreement must be in writing delivered to each party at the following address:

BORROWER:             Public Storage Properties IV, Ltd.
701 Western Avenue, 2nd Floor
Glendale, CA 91201

BANK:                 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
1000 E. Garvey Avenue South, Ste. 250
West Covina, CA 91790
Attn:    John P. Manning
Vice President

or to such other  address as any party may  designate  by written  notice to all
other  parties.  Each such  notice,  request and demand shall be deemed given or
made as follows:  (a) if sent by hand delivery,  upon  delivery;  (b) if sent by
mail, upon the earlier of the date of receipt or three (3) days after deposit in
the U.S.  mail,  first class and postage  prepaid;  and (c) if sent by telecopy,
upon receipt.

SECTION 7.3. COSTS, EXPENSES AND ATTORNEYS' FEES. Borrower shall pay to
Bank immediately upon demand the full amount of all payments, advances, charges,
costs and expenses,  including  reasonable  attorneys'  fees (to include outside
counsel fees and all allocated  costs of Bank's in-house  counsel),  expended or
incurred by Bank in connection  with (a) the negotiation and preparation of this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents,  Bank's continued  administration hereof
and  thereof,  and the  preparation  of any  amendments  and waivers  hereto and
thereto,  (b) the  enforcement  of Bank's  rights  and/or the  collection of any
amounts  which become due to Bank under any of the Loan  Documents,  and (c) the
prosecution  or  defense  of any  action in any way  related  to any of the Loan
Documents,  including  without  limitation,  any action for declaratory  relief,
whether incurred at the trial or appellate  level, in an arbitration  proceeding
or otherwise, and including any of the foregoing incurred in connection with any
bankruptcy proceeding  (including without limitation,  any adversary proceeding,
contested  matter or motion brought by Bank or any other person) relating to any
Borrower or any other person or entity.

SECTION 7.4.  SUCCESSORS,  ASSIGNMENT.  This Agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the  benefit of the heirs,  executors,  administrators,  legal
representatives,  successors and assigns of the parties;  provided however, that
Borrower may not assign or transfer its interest  hereunder without Bank's prior
written consent. Bank reserves the right to sell, assign, transfer, negotiate or
grant  participations  in all or any part of, or any interest in,  Bank's rights
and benefits under each of the Loan Documents. In connection therewith, Bank may
disclose  all  documents  and  information  which Bank now has or may  hereafter
acquire  relating to any credit  extended by Bank to  Borrower,  Borrower or its
business, or any collateral required hereunder.

SECTION 7.5. ENTIRE AGREEMENT;  AMENDMENT. This Agreement and the other
Loan Documents  constitute the entire  agreement  between Borrower and Bank with
respect to any  extension of credit by Bank  subject  hereto and  supersede  all
prior negotiations,  communications,  discussions and correspondence  concerning
the subject  matter  hereof.  This  Agreement may be amended or modified only in
writing signed by each party hereto.

SECTION 7.6. NO THIRD PARTY  BENEFICIARIES.  This Agreement is made and
entered into for the sole protection and benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective permitted successors and assigns, and no other person or entity shall
be a third party  beneficiary of, or have any direct or indirect cause of action
or claim in connection  with,  this Agreement or any other of the Loan Documents
to which it is not a party.

20

<PAGE>

SECTION 7.7. TIME.  Time is of the essence of each and every  provision
of this Agreement and each other of the Loan Documents.

SECTION  7.8.  SEVERABILITY  OF  PROVISIONS.  If any  provision of this
Agreement shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision
shall be  ineffective  only to the  extent  of such  prohibition  or  invalidity
without invalidating the remainder of such provision or any remaining provisions
of this Agreement.

SECTION 7.9. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number
of counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be deemed to be
an original,  and all of which when taken together shall  constitute one and the
same Agreement.

SECTION 7.10.  GOVERNING LAW. This  Agreement  shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California.

SECTION 7.11. ARBITRATION.

(a)  ARBITRATION.  Upon the demand of any party,  any Dispute  shall be
resolved by binding arbitration (except as set forth in (e) below) in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement.  A "Dispute"  shall mean any action,  dispute,
claim or  controversy  of any kind,  whether in contract or tort,  statutory  or
common law,  legal or equitable,  now existing or hereafter  arising under or in
connection with, or in any way pertaining to, any of the Loan Documents,  or any
past, present or future extensions of credit and other activities,  transactions
or  obligations  of any kind related  directly or  indirectly to any of the Loan
Documents,  including  without  limitation,  any of  the  foregoing  arising  in
connection  with the  exercise of any  self-help,  ancillary  or other  remedies
pursuant  to any of the Loan  Documents.  Any party may by  summary  proceedings
bring an action in court to compel arbitration of a Dispute. Any party who fails
or refuses to submit to arbitration following a lawful demand by any other party
shall bear all costs and  expenses  incurred by such other  party in  compelling
arbitration of any Dispute.

(b) GOVERNING RULES.  Arbitration  proceedings shall be administered by
the American Arbitration  Association ("AAA") or such other administrator as the
parties  shall  mutually  agree  upon in  accordance  with  the  AAA  Commercial
Arbitration  Rules. All Disputes  submitted to arbitration  shall be resolved in
accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act (Title 9 of the United States Code),
notwithstanding  any  conflicting  choice  of law  provision  in any of the Loan
Documents.  The  arbitration  shall be  conducted  at a location  in  California
selected  by the AAA or  other  administrator.  If  there  is any  inconsistency
between the terms hereof and any such rules,  the terms and procedures set forth
herein shall control. All statutes of limitation applicable to any Dispute shall
apply to any arbitration proceeding. All discovery activities shall be expressly
limited to matters directly relevant to the Dispute being  arbitrated.  Judgment
upon any award  rendered in an  arbitration  may be entered in any court  having
jurisdiction; provided however, that nothing contained herein shall be deemed to
be a waiver by any party that is a bank of the protections  afforded to it under
12 U.S.C. ss.91 or any similar applicable state law.

(c) NO WAIVER;  PROVISIONAL  REMEDIES,  SELF-HELP AND  FORECLOSURE.  No
provision  hereof  shall  limit  the right of any  party to  exercise  self-help
remedies  such as setoff,  foreclosure  against or sale of any real or  personal
property collateral or security, or to obtain provisional or ancillary remedies,
including  without  limitation  injunctive  relief,  sequestration,  attachment,
garnishment  or the  appointment  of a  receiver,  from  a  court  of  competent
jurisdiction  before,  after or during the pendency of any  arbitration or other
proceeding.  The  exercise of any such  remedy  shall not waive the right of any
party to compel arbitration or reference hereunder.

(d) ARBITRATOR  QUALIFICATIONS AND POWERS; AWARDS.  Arbitrators must be
active  members of the  California  State Bar or retired  judges of the state or
federal  judiciary  of  California,  with  expertise  in  the  substantive  laws
applicable to the subject  matter of the Dispute.  Arbitrators  are empowered to
resolve  Disputes by summary  rulings in response to motions  filed prior to the
final  arbitration  hearing.  Arbitrators  (i) shall  resolve  all  Disputes  in
accordance with the  substantive law of the state of California,  (ii) may grant
any  remedy or relief  that a court of the state of  California  could  order or
grant within the scope hereof and such ancillary  relief as is necessary to make
effective  any award,  and (iii)  shall have the power to award  recovery of all

21

<PAGE>

costs and fees, to impose  sanctions and to take such other actions as they deem
necessary  to the same  extent a judge could  pursuant  to the Federal  Rules of
Civil  Procedure,  the California  Rules of Civil Procedure or other  applicable
law. Any Dispute in which the amount in  controversy is $5,000,000 or less shall
be decided by a single  arbitrator who shall not render an award of greater than
$5,000,000  (including  damages,  costs, fees and expenses).  By submission to a
single  arbitrator,  each party  expressly  waives any right or claim to recover
more than  $5,000,000.  Any Dispute in which the amount in  controversy  exceeds
$5,000,000  shall be decided by majority  vote of a panel of three  arbitrators;
provided however,  that all three  arbitrators must actively  participate in all
hearings and deliberations.

(e) JUDICIAL REVIEW.  Notwithstanding  anything herein to the contrary,
in any arbitration in which the amount in controversy exceeds  $25,000,000,  the
arbitrators  shall be required to make  specific,  written  findings of fact and
conclusions of law. In such  arbitrations (i) the arbitrators shall not have the
power to make any award which is not supported by substantial  evidence or which
is based on legal  error,  (ii) an award  shall not be binding  upon the parties
unless the  findings  of fact are  supported  by  substantial  evidence  and the
conclusions of law are not erroneous  under the  substantive law of the state of
California, and (iii) the parties shall have in addition to the grounds referred
to in the Federal Arbitration Act for vacating, modifying or correcting an award
the right to judicial review of (A) whether the findings of fact rendered by the
arbitrators  are  supported  by  substantial  evidence,   and  (B)  whether  the
conclusions  of law are  erroneous  under  the  substantive  law of the state of
California.  Judgment  confirming  an award in such a proceeding  may be entered
only if a court  determines the award is supported by  substantial  evidence and
not based on legal error under the substantive law of the state of California.

(f)  REAL  PROPERTY  COLLATERAL;  JUDICIAL  REFERENCE.  Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, no Dispute shall be submitted to arbitration if
the Dispute concerns indebtedness secured directly or indirectly, in whole or in
part,  by any real  property  unless  (i) the  holder of the  mortgage,  lien or
security   interest   specifically   elects  in  writing  to  proceed  with  the
arbitration, or (ii) all parties to the arbitration waive any rights or benefits
that  might  accrue to them by virtue  of the  single  action  rule  statute  of
California,  thereby  agreeing  that all  indebtedness  and  obligations  of the
parties,  and  all  mortgages,   liens  and  security  interests  securing  such
indebtedness and obligations,  shall remain fully valid and enforceable.  If any
such Dispute is not submitted to arbitration, the Dispute shall be referred to a
referee in accordance with  California  Code of Civil  Procedure  Section 638 et
seq.,  and this  general  reference  agreement  is intended  to be  specifically
enforceable   in   accordance   with  said  Section  638.  A  referee  with  the
qualifications required herein for arbitrators shall be selected pursuant to the
AAA's  selection  procedures.  Judgment upon the decision  rendered by a referee
shall be  entered  in the  court in  which  such  proceeding  was  commenced  in
accordance with California Code of Civil Procedure Sections 644 and 645.

(g)  MISCELLANEOUS.  To the maximum  extent  practicable,  the AAA, the
arbitrators  and the parties  shall take all action  required  to  conclude  any
arbitration  proceeding  within 180 days of the filing of the  Dispute  with the
AAA. No arbitrator or other party to an arbitration  proceeding may disclose the
existence,  content or results thereof, except for disclosures of information by
a party  required in the ordinary  course of its business,  by applicable law or
regulation,  or to the extent  necessary to exercise any judicial  review rights
set forth herein.  If more than one agreement for  arbitration by or between the
parties  potentially  applies  to a  Dispute,  the  arbitration  provision  most
directly  related to the Loan  Documents  or the  subject  matter of the Dispute
shall control. This arbitration  provision shall survive termination,  amendment
or  expiration  of any of the Loan  Documents  or any  relationship  between the
parties.

22

<PAGE>

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed as of the day and year first written above.

PUBLIC STORAGE PROPERTIES IV, LTD.,            WELLS FARGO BANK,
a California limited partnership               NATIONAL ASSOCIATION



By:    Public Storage, Inc.                    By:    /s/  John P. Manning
General Partner                                --------------------
John P. Manning
Vice President


By:    /s/  David P. Singelyn
David P. Singelyn
Vice President and Treasurer

23

