






CREDIT AGREEMENT



CREDIT AGREEMENT

This CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of August 1, 2002, is among Pepco Holdings,

Inc. ("PHI"), Potomac Electric Power Company ("PEPCO"), Delmarva Power & Light Company

("DPL"), Atlantic City Electric Company ("ACE" and, together with PHI, PEPCO and DPL,

each a "Borrower" and collectively the "Borrowers"), various financial institutions (together with

their respective successors and assigns, each a "Lender" and collectively the "Lenders") and

Bank One, NA, a national banking association having its principal office in Chicago, Illinois, as

administrative agent.

The parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

1.1     Definitions.  As used in this Agreement:

"ACE" is defined in the preamble.

"ACE Sublimit" means the lesser of (a) $300,000,000, as such amount is reduced from

time to time pursuant to Section 2.5, and (b) the maximum amount of short-term debt that ACE

is authorized to have outstanding by governmental authorities having jurisdiction over ACE.

"Administrative Questionnaire" means an administrative questionnaire, substantially in

the form supplied by the Agent, completed by a Lender and furnished to the Agent in connection

with this Agreement.

"Advance" means a borrowing hereunder (i) made by the Lenders on the same

Borrowing Date or (ii) converted or continued by the Lenders on the same date of conversion or

continuation, consisting, in either case, of the aggregate amount of the several Loans of the same

Type made to the same Borrower and, in the case of Eurodollar Loans, for the same Interest

Period.

"Affected Lender" is defined in Section 3.7.

"Affiliate" of any Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling,

controlled by or under common control with such Person.  A Person shall be deemed to control

another Person if the controlling Person owns 10% or more of any class of voting securities (or

other ownership interests) of the controlled Person or possesses, directly or indirectly, the power

to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the controlled Person, whether

through ownership of stock, by contract or otherwise.

"Agent" means Bank One in its capacity as contractual representative of the Lenders

pursuant to Article X, and not in its individual capacity as a Lender, and any successor Agent

appointed pursuant to Article X.

"Aggregate Commitment" means the aggregate of the Commitments of all the Lenders,

as reduced from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof.

"Agreement" means this Credit Agreement.

"Agreement Accounting Principles" means generally accepted accounting principles as

in effect from time to time, applied, with respect to each Borrower, in a manner consistent with

that used in preparing such Borrower's financial statements referred to in Section 5.4.

"Alternate Base Rate" means, for any day, a rate of interest per annum equal to the

higher of (i) the Prime Rate for such day and (ii) the sum of the Federal Funds Effective Rate for

such day plus 0.5%.

"Applicable Margin" means, with respect to Eurodollar Advances to any Borrower at

any time, the percentage rate per annum which is applicable at such time with respect to

Eurodollar Advances to such Borrower in accordance with the provisions of the Pricing

Schedule.

"Arranger" means Banc One Capital Markets, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its

successors, in its capacity as Lead Arranger and Sole Book Runner.

"Assignment Agreement" means an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit C.

"Authorized Officer" means, with respect to any Borrower, any of the President, any

Vice President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer or any Assistant Treasurer of such

Borrower, acting singly.

"Bank One" means Bank One, NA, a national banking association having its principal

office in Chicago, Illinois, in its individual capacity, and its successors.

"Borrower" is defined in the preamble.

"Borrowing Date" means a date on which an Advance is made hereunder.

"Borrowing Notice" is defined in Section 2.8.

"Business Day" means (i) with respect to any borrowing, payment or rate selection of

Eurodollar Advances, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks generally are

open in Chicago and New York for the conduct of substantially all of their commercial lending

activities, interbank wire transfers can be made on the Fedwire system and dealings in United

States dollars are carried on in the London interbank market and (ii) for all other purposes, a day

(other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks generally are open in Chicago for the conduct

of substantially all of their commercial lending activities and interbank wire transfers can be

made on the Fedwire system

"Capitalized Lease" of a Person means any lease of Property by such Person as lessee

which would be capitalized on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with

Agreement Accounting Principles.

"Capitalized Lease Obligations" of a Person means the amount of the obligations of such

Person under Capitalized Leases which would be shown as a liability on a balance sheet of such

Person prepared in accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles.

"Change in Control" means an event or series of events by which (a) any Person, or two

or more Persons acting in concert, acquire beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule

13d-3 of the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) of 30% or more (by number of

votes) of the outstanding shares of Voting Stock of PHI; or (b) individuals who on the date of the

closing of (and after giving effect to) the Merger Transactions were directors of PHI (the

"Approved Directors") shall cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the board of

directors of PHI; provided that any individual becoming a member of such board of directors

subsequent to such date whose election or nomination for election by PHI's shareholders was

approved by a majority of the Approved Directors shall be deemed to be an Approved Director,

but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as

a result of an actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents for the election or removal

of one or more directors by any Person, or two or more Persons acting in concert, other than a

solicitation for the election of one or more directors by or on behalf of the board of directors.

"Closing Date" means the date on which all conditions precedent to the making of the

initial Credit Extension have been satisfied.

"Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

"Commitment" means, for each Lender, the obligation of such Lender to make Loans,

and participate in Letters of Credit, in an aggregate amount not exceeding the amount set forth

on Schedule 2 or as set forth in any Assignment Agreement relating to any assignment that has

become effective pursuant to Section 12.3.2, as such amount may be modified from time to time

pursuant to the terms hereof.

"Conectiv" means Conectiv, a Delaware corporation.

"Contingent Obligation" of a Person means any agreement, undertaking or arrangement

by which such Person assumes, guarantees, endorses, contingently agrees to purchase or provide

funds for the payment of, or otherwise becomes or is contingently liable upon, the obligation or

liability of any other Person, or agrees to maintain the net worth or working capital or other

financial condition of any other Person, or otherwise assures any creditor of such other Person

against loss, including any comfort letter, operating agreement, take or pay contract, application

for a letter of credit or the obligations of any such Person as general partner of a partnership with

respect to the liabilities of such partnership; provided that Contingent Obligations shall not

include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business.

The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed equal to the stated or determinable

amount of the primary obligation of such other Person or, if such amount is not stated or is

indeterminable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability of such Person in respect thereof.

"Controlled Group" means all members of a controlled group of corporations or other

business entities and all trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common

control which, together with any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, are treated as a single

employer under Section 414 of the Code.

"Conversion/Continuation Notice" is defined in Section 2.9.

"Credit Extension" means the making of an Advance or the issuance of, or extension of

the expiry date for or increase in the amount of, a Letter of Credit.

"Default" means an event described in Article VII.

"DPL" is defined in the preamble.

"DPL Sublimit" means the lesser of (a) $300,000,000, as such amount is reduced from

time to time pursuant to Section 2.5, and (b) the maximum amount of short-term debt that DPL is

authorized to have outstanding by governmental authorities having jurisdiction over DPL.



"Environmental Laws" means any and all federal, state, local and foreign statutes, laws,

judicial decisions, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, plans, injunctions,

permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements and other governmental restrictions

relating to (i) the protection of the environment, (ii) the effect of the environment on human

health, (iii) emissions, discharges or releases of pollutants, contaminants, hazardous substances

or wastes into surface water, ground water or land, or (iv) the manufacture, processing,

distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of pollutants, contaminants,

hazardous substances or wastes or the clean-up or other remediation thereof.

"ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.

"Eurodollar Advance" means an Advance which, except as otherwise provided in

Section 2.11, bears interest at the applicable Eurodollar Rate.

"Eurodollar Base Rate" means, with respect to a Eurodollar Advance for the relevant

Interest Period, the applicable British Bankers' Association Interest Settlement Rate for deposits

in U.S. dollars appearing on Reuters Screen FRBD as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business

Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, and having a maturity equal to such Interest

Period, provided that (i) if Reuters Screen FRBD is not available to the Agent for any reason, the

applicable Eurodollar Base Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall instead be the applicable

British Bankers' Association Interest Settlement Rate for deposits in U.S. dollars as reported by

any other generally recognized financial information service as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) two

Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, and having a maturity equal to such

Interest Period, and (ii) if no such British Bankers' Association Interest Settlement Rate is

available to the Agent, the applicable Eurodollar Base Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall

instead be the rate determined by the Agent to be the rate at which Bank One or one of its

Affiliate banks offers to place deposits in U.S. dollars with first-class banks in the London

interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the first

day of such Interest Period, in the approximate amount of Bank One's relevant Eurodollar Loan

and having a maturity equal to such Interest Period.

"Eurodollar Loan" means a Loan which, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.11,

bears interest at the applicable Eurodollar Rate.

"Eurodollar Rate" means, with respect to a Eurodollar Advance for the relevant Interest

Period, the sum of (i) the quotient of (a) the Eurodollar Base Rate applicable to such Interest

Period, divided by (b) one minus the Reserve Requirement (expressed as a decimal) applicable to

such Interest Period, plus (ii) the Applicable Margin.

"Excluded Taxes" means, in the case of each Lender or applicable Lending Installation,

the Issuer and the Agent, taxes imposed on its overall net income, and franchise taxes imposed

on it, by (i) the jurisdiction under the laws of which such Lender, the Issuer or the Agent is

incorporated or organized or (ii) the jurisdiction in which such Lender's, the Issuer's or the

Agent's principal executive office or such Lender's applicable Lending Installation is located.

"Existing Credit Facilities" means (i) the Credit Agreement dated as of June 30, 2000

among PEPCO, various financial institutions, and Bank One, as agent, as amended and restated

as of June 29, 2001, (ii) the Credit Agreement (364-Day) dated as of April 6, 2001 among

Conectiv, various financial institutions and Bank One, as administrative agent, (iii) the Credit

Agreement (Five Year) dated as of February 4, 1998 among Conectiv, various financial

institutions and Bank One (then known as The First National Bank of Chicago), as

administrative agent, (iv) the 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of November 16, 2001 among

Potomac Capital Investment Corporation, various financial institutions and The Bank of Nova

Scotia, as administrative agent, and (v) the Credit Agreement (Three-Year) dated as of January

31, 2000 among DPL, various financial institutions and First Union National Bank, as

administrative agent.

"Existing Letter of Credit" means a letter of credit listed on Schedule 7.

"Extension Request" means a request to extend the Facility Termination Date for a

Borrower substantially in the form of Exhibit E.

"Facility Fee Rate" means, at any time for any Borrower, the "Facility Fee Rate"

applicable for such Borrower at such time in accordance with the provisions of the Pricing

Schedule.

"Facility Termination Date" means, with respect to any Borrower, July 30, 2003 or

any earlier date on which such Borrower's Sublimit is reduced to zero or the obligations of the

Lenders to make Credit Extensions to such Borrower is terminated pursuant to Section 8.1.

"Federal Funds Effective Rate" means, for any day, an interest rate per annum equal to

the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the

Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published for such

day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) by the

Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a

Business Day, the average of the quotations at approximately 10:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on such

day on such transactions received by the Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized

standing selected by the Agent in its sole discretion.

"Floating Rate Advance" means an Advance which, except as otherwise provided in

Section 2.11, bears interest at the Alternate Base Rate.

"Floating Rate Loan" means a Loan which, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.11,

bears interest at the Alternate Base Rate.

"FRB" means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and any successor

thereto.

"Granting Lender" is defined in Section 12.5.

"Indebtedness" of a Person means, without duplication,  such Person's (i) obligations for

borrowed money, (ii) obligations representing the deferred purchase price of Property or services

(other than accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of such Person's business payable on

terms customary in the trade), (iii) obligations, whether or not assumed, secured by Liens or

payable out of the proceeds or production from Property now or hereafter owned or acquired by

such Person, (iv) obligations which are evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures, acceptances or

similar instruments, (v) obligations of such Person to purchase accounts, securities or other

Property arising out of or in connection with the sale of the same or substantially similar

accounts, securities or Property, (vi) Capitalized Lease Obligations, (vii) net liabilities under

interest rate swap, exchange or cap agreements, obligations or other liabilities with respect to

accounts or notes, (viii) obligations under any Synthetic Lease which, if such Synthetic Lease

were accounted for as a Capitalized Lease, would appear on a balance sheet of such Person, (ix)

unpaid reimbursement obligations in respect of letters of credit issued for the account of such

Person and (x) Contingent Obligations in respect of Indebtedness of the types described above.

"Intangible Transition Property" means assets described as "bondable transition

property" in the New Jersey Transition Bond Statute.

"Interest Period" means, with respect to a Eurodollar Advance, a period of one, two,

three or six months commencing on a Business Day selected by the applicable Borrower

pursuant to this Agreement.  Such Interest Period shall end on the day which corresponds

numerically to such date one, two, three or six months thereafter, provided that if there is no such

numerically corresponding day in such next, second, third or sixth succeeding month, such

Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of such next, second, third or sixth succeeding

month.  If an Interest Period would otherwise end on a day which is not a Business Day, such

Interest Period shall end on the next succeeding Business Day, provided that if said next

succeeding Business Day falls in a new calendar month, such Interest Period shall end on the

immediately preceding Business Day.  No Borrower may select an Interest Period which ends

after the scheduled Facility Termination Date.

"Issuer" means Bank One in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder.

"LC Fee Rate" means, at any time for any Borrower, the "LC Fee Rate" applicable for

such Borrower at such time in accordance with the provisions of the Pricing Schedule.

"LC Obligations" means, with respect to any Borrower at any time, the sum, without

duplication, of (a) the aggregate undrawn stated amount of all Letters of Credit issued for the

account of such Borrower at such time plus (b) the aggregate unpaid amount of all

Reimbursement Obligations of such Borrower at such time.

"Lender" is defined in the preamble.

"Lending Installation" means, with respect to a Lender, the office, branch, subsidiary or

affiliate of such Lender specified as such in its Administrative Questionnaire or otherwise

selected by such Lender pursuant to Section 2.17.

"Letter of Credit" means any letter of credit issued pursuant to Section 2.19.1 and any

Existing Letter of Credit.

"Letter of Credit Application" is defined in Section 2.19.3.

"Letter of Credit Sublimit" means the lesser of $300,000,000 and the amount of the

Aggregate Commitment.

"Letter of Credit Payment Date" is defined in Section 2.19.5.

"Lien" means any lien (statutory or other), mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment,

deposit arrangement, encumbrance or preference, priority or other security agreement or

preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including the interest of a vendor or

lessor under any conditional sale, Capitalized Lease or other title retention agreement, but

excluding the interest of a lessor under any operating lease).

"Loan" means, with respect to a Lender, any loan made by such Lender pursuant to

Article II (or any conversion or continuation thereof).

"Loan Documents" means this Agreement, any Note, any Letter of Credit and any Letter

of Credit Application.

"Material Adverse Effect" means, with respect to any Borrower, a material adverse effect

on (i) the business, Property, financial condition or results of operations of such Borrower and its

Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (ii) the ability of such Borrower to perform its obligations under

the Loan Documents or (iii) the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents to which

such Borrower is a party or the rights or remedies of the Agent, the Issuer or the Lenders against

such Borrower thereunder; provided that in no event shall any Permitted ACE Asset Sale,

Permitted PHI Asset Sale, Permitted DPL Asset Sale or Permitted PEPCO Distribution,

individually or in the aggregate, be deemed to cause or result in a Material Adverse Effect.

"Material Indebtedness" is defined in Section 7.5.

"Maturity Date" means, with respect to any Borrower, the scheduled Facility

Termination Date for such Borrower or such earlier date on which the Obligations of such

Borrower become due and payable pursuant to Section 8.1.

"Merger Agreement" means the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of February 9,

2001 among PEPCO, PHI and Conectiv.

"Merger Transactions" means the merger of a wholly-owned subsidiary of PHI with and

into PEPCO and the merger of a separate wholly-owned subsidiary of PHI with and into

Conectiv, in each case substantially on the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement.

"Modify" and "Modification" are defined in Section 2.19.1.

"Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc.

"Multiemployer Plan" means a Plan maintained pursuant to a collective bargaining

agreement or any other arrangement to which any Borrower or any other member of the

Controlled Group is a party to which more than one employer is obligated to make contributions.

"Net Worth" means, with respect to any Borrower at any time, the sum, without

duplication, at such time of (a) such Borrower's stockholders' equity plus (b) all Preferred Stock

of such Borrower (excluding any Preferred Stock which is mandatorily redeemable on or prior to

the scheduled Facility Termination Date) plus (c) all Trust Preferred Securities of such Borrower

or any of its Subsidiaries.

"New Jersey Transition Bond Statute" means the New Jersey Electric Discount and

Energy Corporation Act as in effect on the date hereof.

"Nonrecourse Indebtedness" means, with respect to a Borrower, Indebtedness of such

Borrower or any Subsidiary of such Borrower (excluding Nonrecourse Transition Bond Debt)

secured by a Lien on the Property of such Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, the

sole recourse for the payment of which is such Property and where neither PHI nor any of its

Subsidiaries is liable for any deficiency after the application of the proceeds of such Property.

"Nonrecourse Transition Bond Debt" means obligations evidenced by Transition Bonds

rated investment grade or better by S&P or Moody's, representing a securitization of Intangible

Transition Property as to which obligations no Borrower nor any Subsidiary of a Borrower (other

than a Special Purpose Subsidiary) has any direct or indirect liability (whether as primary

obligor, guarantor, surety, provider of collateral security, through a put option, asset repurchase

agreement, capital maintenance agreement or debt subordination agreement, or through any other

right or arrangement of any nature providing direct or indirect assurance of payment or

performance of any such obligation in whole or in part), except for liability to repurchase

Intangible Transition Property conveyed to the securitization vehicle, on terms and conditions

customary in receivables securitizations, in the event such Intangible Transition Property violates

representations and warranties of scope customary in receivables securitizations.

"Non-U.S. Lender" is defined in Section 3.5(iv).

"Note" means any promissory note substantially in the form of Exhibit C issued at the

request of a Lender pursuant to Section 2.13.

"Obligations" means, with respect to any Borrower, all unpaid principal of the Loans to

such Borrower, all Reimbursement Obligations of such Borrower, all accrued and unpaid interest

on such Loans and Reimbursement Obligations, all accrued and unpaid fees payable by such

Borrower and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations payable by such

Borrower to the Agent, the Issuer, any Lender or any other Indemnified Party arising under any

Loan Document.

"Other Taxes" is defined in Section 3.5(ii).

"Outstanding Credit Extensions" means, with respect to any Borrower, the sum of the

aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Loans to such Borrower plus all LC Obligations of

such Borrower.

"Participants" is defined in Section 12.2.1.

"Payment Date" means the last Business Day of each March, June, September and

December.

"PBGC" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or any successor thereto.

"PCI" means Potomac Capital Investment Corporation.

"PEPCO" is defined in the preamble.

"PEPCO Sublimit" means $300,000,000, as such amount is reduced from time to time

pursuant to Section 2.5.

"Permitted ACE Asset Sale" means (a) the sale of the capital stock or assets of any

Subsidiary of ACE other than a Significant Subsidiary of ACE, provided that the fair market

value of all sales permitted solely by this clause shall not exceed $10,000,000 in the aggregate

during the term of this Agreement;

(b)     the sale of the non-strategic generating assets of ACE as described on Schedule 8;

and

(c)     the sale or transfer to PHI or a Subsidiary thereof (but not PEPCO or DPL or a

Subsidiary of either of the foregoing) of any of the generating assets of ACE described on

Schedule 8.

"Permitted ACE Liens" means the Lien of the Mortgage and Deed of Trust dated

January 15, 1937 between ACE and The Bank of New York.

"Permitted DPL Asset Sales" means the sale of the capital stock or assets of any

Subsidiary of DPL other than a Significant Subsidiary of DPL, provided that the fair market

value of all such sales shall not exceed $10,000,000 in the aggregate during the term of this

Agreement.

"Permitted DPL Liens" means the Lien of the Mortgage and Deed of Trust dated

October 1, 1943 between DPL and The Chase Manhattan Bank, as trustee.

"Permitted PEPCO Distributions" means (a) the dividend of $400,000,000 by PEPCO to

PHI and the expenditure by PHI of such funds in connection with the Merger Transactions and

(b) the dividend or distribution by PEPCO to PHI of all of the capital stock of PCI and Pepco

Energy Services, Inc.

"Permitted PEPCO Liens" means (a) the Lien of the Mortgage and Deed of Trust dated

July 1, 1936 from PEPCO to The Bank of New York; and (b) the Lien created by the

$152,000,000 sale/leaseback on November 30, 1994 of PEPCO's control center.

"Permitted PHI Asset Sale" means the sale of the centralized steam and chilled water

production facility located on an approximately three-quarter acre site on the northeastern corner

of the intersection of Atlantic and Ohio Avenues in Atlantic City, New Jersey and related

distribution facilities.

"Permitted PHI Liens" means (a) Liens on assets of Conectiv Energy Supply, Inc. or any

other Subsidiary of PHI (other than a Subsidiary Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof) which is

engaged primarily in the energy trading business (a "Trading Subsidiary") to secure obligations

arising under energy trading agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business

consistent with the past practice of DPL prior to September of 1999 and Liens on cash collateral

to secure guaranties by PHI or Conectiv of the obligations of any Trading Subsidiary under such

energy trading agreements, provided that the aggregate amount of all such cash collateral granted

by PHI and Conectiv shall not at any time exceed $10,000,000; (b)  Liens on the interests of (i)

Conectiv Services, Inc., or any other Subsidiary of PHI (other than a Subsidiary Borrower or any

Subsidiary thereof) which may hereafter own the stock of CTS (the "CTS Parent"), in the capital

stock of Conectiv Thermal Systems, Inc. ("CTS"), (ii) CTS in Atlantic Jersey Thermal Systems,

Inc. ("AJTS"), Thermal Energy Limited Partnership I ("TELP I") and ATS Operating Services,

Inc. and (iii) AJTS in TELP I, in each case securing Indebtedness of CTS for which neither PHI

nor any of its Subsidiaries (other than CTS and its Subsidiaries and, solely with respect to the

pledge of its interest in the capital stock of CTS, the CTS Parent) has any liability (contingent or

otherwise); (c) Liens granted by a bankruptcy remote Subsidiary (the "SPV") of PHI to facilitate

a structured financing in an amount not exceeding $200,000,000; (d) Liens on the stock or assets

of one or more Subsidiaries of PHI, other than PEPCO, DPL or ACE, in favor of the SPV;

(e) Liens on the assets of Conectiv Bethlehem, Inc. (together with any successor thereto so long

as the primary business of such successor is the direct or indirect ownership and development of

the Bethlehem Project (as defined below), "CBI") and other Subsidiaries of PHI, and/or on the

capital stock of CBI, to finance the development and construction of a mid-merit electric

generating facility in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania (the "Bethlehem Project"), provided that (i) the

aggregate principal amount of the Indebtedness secured by such Liens shall not exceed

$400,000,000 and (ii) such Liens (other than Liens granted by CBI and its Subsidiaries) shall

only be granted on assets related to the Bethlehem Project; (f) Liens on the real property known

as Edison Place, located at 701 Ninth Street, Washington, DC 20068, currently owned by PCI,

securing Nonrecourse Indebtedness (which shall not exceed 90% of the fair market value of such

real property at the time of the creation of such Liens); and (g) Liens on the assets of Conectiv

Pennsylvania Generation, Inc.  ("CPG") and/or on the capital stock of CPG, or its successor, to

finance the development and construction of a mid-merit electric generating facility in the State

of Pennsylvania (the "CPG Project"), provided that (i) the aggregate principal amount of the

Indebtedness secured by such Liens shall not exceed $400,000,000 and (ii) such Liens (other

than Liens granted by CPG and its Subsidiaries) shall only be granted on assets related to the

CPG Project.

"Person" means any natural person, corporation, firm, joint venture, partnership, limited

liability company, association, enterprise, trust or other entity or organization, or any government

or political subdivision or any agency, department or instrumentality thereof.

"PHI" is defined in the preamble.

"PHI Sublimit" means $1,000,000,000, as such amount is reduced from time to time

pursuant to Section 2.5.

"Plan" means an employee pension benefit plan which is covered by Title IV of ERISA

or subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code as to which any

Borrower or any other member of the Controlled Group may have any liability.

"Preferred Stock" means, with respect to any Person, equity interests issued by such

Person that are entitled to a preference or priority over any other equity interests issued by such

Person upon any distribution of such Person's property and assets, whether by dividend or upon

liquidation.

"Pricing Schedule" means Schedule 1 hereto.

"Prime Rate" means a rate per annum equal to the prime rate of interest announced by

Bank One or by its parent, Bank One Corporation, from time to time, changing when and as such

prime rate changes.

"Property" of a Person means any and all property, whether real, personal, tangible,

intangible, or mixed, of such Person, or other assets owned, leased or operated by such Person.

"Pro Rata Share" means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage which such Lender's

Commitment constitutes of the Aggregate Commitment (and/or, to the extent the Commitments

have terminated, the percentage which such Lender's Loans and participation in LC Obligations

constitutes of the aggregate principal amount of all Loans and LC Obligations).  The initial Pro

Rata Share of each Lender is set forth on Schedule 2.

"Public Reports" means (a) in the case of PEPCO, (i) its annual report on Form 10-K for

the year ended December 31, 2001, and (ii) its quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC

on May 10, 2002; (b) in the case of DPL, (i) its annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended

December 31, 2001, and (ii) its quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 15

2002; (c) in the case of ACE, (i) its annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,

2001, and (ii) its quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 15, 2002; and (d) in

the case of PHI, (i) its Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 7, 2002, and (ii) each of the reports

referred to in clauses (a), (b) and (c) above.

"PUHCA" means the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935.

"Purchasers" is defined in Section 12.3.1.

"Reimbursement Obligations" means, with respect to any Borrower at any time, the

aggregate amount of all obligations of such Borrower then outstanding under Section 2.19.6 to

reimburse the Issuer for amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of one or more drawings under

Letters of Credit.

"Reportable Event" means a reportable event, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA, with

respect to a Plan, excluding, however, such events as to which the PBGC has by regulation

waived the requirement of Section 4043(a) of ERISA that it be notified within 30 days of the

occurrence of such event, provided that a failure to meet the minimum funding standard of

Section 412 of the Code and of Section 302 of ERISA shall be a Reportable Event regardless of

the issuance of any such waiver of the notice requirement in accordance with either Section

4043(a) of ERISA or Section 412(d) of the Code.

"Required Lenders" means Lenders in the aggregate having at least 51% of the

Aggregate Commitment or, if the Aggregate Commitment has been terminated, Lenders in the

aggregate holding at least 51% of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Outstanding

Credit Extensions to all Borrowers.

"Reserve Requirement" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the maximum

aggregate reserve requirement (including all basic, supplemental, marginal and other reserves)

which is imposed under Regulation D of the FRB on Eurocurrency liabilities.

"S&P" means Standard and Poor's Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw Hill

Companies, Inc.

"SEC" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

"Securitization Transaction" means any sale, assignment or other transfer by a Borrower

or a Subsidiary thereof of accounts receivable or other payment obligations owing to such

Borrower or such Subsidiary or any interest in any of the foregoing, together in each case with

any collections and other proceeds thereof, any collection or deposit accounts related thereto, and

any collateral, guaranties or other property or claims in favor of such Borrower or such

Subsidiary supporting or securing payment by the obligor thereon of, or otherwise related to, any

such receivables.

"Significant Subsidiary" means, with respect to any Borrower, a "significant subsidiary"

(as defined in Regulation S-X of the SEC as in effect on the date of this Agreement) of such

Borrower; provided that after consummation of the Merger Transactions, each of PEPCO, DPL

and ACE shall at all times be a Significant Subsidiary of PHI.

"Single Employer Plan" means, with respect to a Borrower, a Plan maintained by such

Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group for employees of such Borrower or any

member of the Controlled Group.

"SPC" is defined in Section 12.5.

"SPV" is defined in the definition of Permitted PHI Liens.

"Special Purpose Subsidiary" means a direct or indirect wholly owned corporate

Subsidiary of ACE, substantially all of the assets of which are Intangible Transition Property and

proceeds thereof, formed solely for the purpose of holding such assets and issuing Transition

Bonds and, which complies with the requirements customarily imposed on bankruptcy-remote

corporations in receivables securitizations.

"Sublimit" means each of the PHI Sublimit, the PEPCO Sublimit, the DPL Sublimit and

the ACE Sublimit.

"Sublimit Percentage" means, with respect to any Subsidiary Borrower, the percentage

which such Subsidiary Borrower's Sublimit is of the aggregate amount of the Sublimits of all

Subsidiary Borrowers (without regard to the Subsidiary Borrower Sublimit).

"Subsidiary" of a Person means (i) any corporation more than 50% of the outstanding

securities having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be owned or controlled,

directly or indirectly, by such Person or by one or more of its Subsidiaries or by such Person and

one or more of its Subsidiaries, or (ii) any partnership, limited liability company, association,

business trust, joint venture or similar business organization more than 50% of the ownership

interests having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be so owned or controlled.

"Subsidiary Borrower" means each of PEPCO, DPL and ACE; and "Subsidiary

Borrowers" means all of the foregoing.

"Subsidiary Borrower Sublimit" means the lesser of (a) $500,000,000, as such amount is

reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.5; and (b) the sum of the Sublimits of all

Subsidiary Borrowers.

"Substantial Portion" means, at any time with respect to the Property of any Person,

Property which represents more than 10% of the consolidated assets of such Person and its

Subsidiaries as shown in the consolidated financial statements of such Person and its

Subsidiaries as at the last day of the preceding fiscal year of such Person.

"Synthetic Lease" means (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease

or (b) any other agreement pursuant to which a Person obtains the use or possession of property

and which creates obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which,

upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person, would be characterized as indebtedness of

such Person (without regard to accounting treatment).

"Taxes" means any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, deductions,

charges or withholdings, and any and all liabilities with respect to the foregoing which arise from

or relate to any payment made hereunder or under any Note or Letter of Credit Application, but

excluding Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes.

"Total Capitalization" means, with respect to any Borrower at any time, the sum of the

Total Indebtedness of such Borrower plus the Net Worth of such Borrower, each calculated at

such time.

"Total Indebtedness" means, with respect to any Borrower at any time, all Indebtedness

of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries at such time determined on a consolidated basis in

accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles, excluding, to the extent otherwise included

in Indebtedness of such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (a) debentures issued in connection

with Trust Preferred Securities; (b) any Nonrecourse Transition Bond Debt; (c) any Nonrecourse

Indebtedness listed on Schedule 6; (d) to the extent it constitutes Nonrecourse Indebtedness, any

Indebtedness secured by liens described in clause (e), (f) or (g) of the definition of Permitted PHI

Liens; (e) any other Nonrecourse Indebtedness of PHI and its Subsidiaries (excluding any

Subsidiary Borrower and its Subsidiaries) to the extent that the aggregate amount of such

Nonrecourse Indebtedness does not exceed $200,000,000; and (f) the amount of any medium

term notes issued by PCI (but not more than the fair market value of the equity collateral

accounts in PCI's energy leveraged lease portfolio).

"Transferee" is defined in Section 12.4.

"Transition Bonds" means  bonds described as "transition bonds" in the New Jersey

Transition Bond Statute.

"Trust Preferred Securities" means the securities described on Schedule 3.

"Type" means, with respect to any Advance, its nature as a Floating Rate Advance or a

Eurodollar Advance.

"Unmatured Default" means an event which but for the lapse of time or the giving of

notice, or both, would constitute a Default.

"Utilization Fee Rate" means, at any time for any Borrower, the "Utilization Fee Rate"

applicable for such Borrower at such time in accordance with the Pricing Schedule.

"Voting Stock" means, with respect to any Person, voting stock of any class or kind

ordinarily having the power to vote for the election of directors, managers or other voting

members of the governing body of such Person.

Interpretation.

(a)     The meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural

forms of such terms.

(b)     Article, Section, Schedule and Exhibit references are to this Agreement unless

otherwise specified.

(c)     The term "including" is not limiting and means "including without limitation."

(d)     In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date,

the word "from" means "from and including"; the words "to" and "until" each mean "to but

excluding", and the word "through" means "to and including."

(e)     Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, (i) references to agreements (including

this Agreement) and other contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent

amendments and other modifications thereto, but only to the extent such amendments and other

modifications are not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement, and (ii) references to any statute

or regulation are to be construed as including all statutory and regulatory provisions

consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such statute or regulation.

1.3     Accounting.  (a)  Except as provided to the contrary herein, all accounting terms

used herein shall be interpreted and all accounting determinations hereunder shall be made in

accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles, except that any calculation or determination

which is to be made on a consolidated basis shall be made for the applicable Borrower and all of

its Subsidiaries, including those Subsidiaries of such Borrower, if any, which are unconsolidated

on such Borrower's audited financial statements.

(b)     If at any time any change in Agreement Accounting Principles would affect the

computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth herein with respect to any Borrower

and either such Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Agent, the Lenders and

such Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the

original intent thereof in light of such change in Agreement Accounting Principles (subject to the

approval of the Required Lenders); provided that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement

shall continue to be computed in accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles as in effect

prior to such change and (ii) such Borrower shall provide to the Agent and the Lenders financial

statements and other documents required under this Agreement setting forth a reconciliation

between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such

change in Agreement Accounting Principles.

ARTICLE II

THE CREDITS

2.1     Commitment.  Each Lender severally agrees, on the terms and conditions set forth

in this Agreement, to make Loans to any Borrower, and to participate in Letters of Credit issued

upon the request of any Borrower, in amounts not to exceed in the aggregate at any one time

outstanding the amount of such Lender's Commitment; provided that (i) the aggregate principal

amount of all Loans by such Lender to any Borrower shall not exceed such Lender's Pro Rata

Share of the aggregate principal amount of all Loans to such Borrower; (ii) such Lender's

participation in Letters of Credit issued for the account of any Borrower shall not exceed such

Lender's Pro Rata Share of all LC Obligations of such Borrower; (iii) the Outstanding Credit

Extensions to PHI shall not at any time exceed the PHI Sublimit; (iv) the Outstanding Credit

Extensions to PEPCO shall not any time exceed the PEPCO Sublimit; (v) the Outstanding Credit

Extensions to DPL shall not at any time exceed the DPL Sublimit; (vi) the Outstanding Credit

Extensions to ACE shall not at any time exceed the ACE Sublimit; (vii) the Outstanding Credit

Extensions to all Subsidiary Borrowers collectively shall not at any time exceed the Subsidiary

Borrower Sublimit; and (viii) the LC Obligations of all Borrowers collectively shall not at any

time exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit.  Within the foregoing limits, each Borrower may from

time to time borrow, prepay pursuant to Section 2.7 and reborrow hereunder prior to the Facility

Termination Date for such Borrower.

2.2     Required Payments; Termination.  All outstanding Advances to any Borrower and

all other unpaid Obligations of such Borrower shall be paid in full by such Borrower on the

Maturity Date for such Borrower.

2.3     Ratable Loans.  Each Advance hereunder shall be made by the Lenders ratably in

accordance with their Pro Rata Shares.

2.4     Types of Advances.  The Advances to any Borrower may be Floating Rate

Advances or Eurodollar Advances, or a combination thereof, as selected by such Borrower in

accordance with Sections 2.8 and 2.9.

2.5     Facility Fee; Utilization Fee; Reductions in Aggregate Commitment.  (a)  Each

Borrower agrees to pay to the Agent for the account of the Lenders according to their Pro Rata

Shares a facility fee at a per annum rate equal to the Facility Fee Rate for such Borrower on the

daily amount of (i) in the case of PHI, the PHI Sublimit, and (ii) in the case of each Subsidiary

Borrower, such Subsidiary Borrower's Sublimit Percentage of the Subsidiary Borrower Sublimit

(in each case regardless of the amount of Outstanding Credit Extensions to such Borrower);

provided that if the obligations of the Lenders to make Credit Extensions to a Borrower have

been terminated pursuant to Section 8.1, the facility fee shall be based on the Outstanding Credit

Extensions to such Borrower.  Facility fees payable by each Borrower shall accrue from the

Closing Date to the Facility Termination Date for such Borrower (or, if later, to the date all of

such Borrower's Obligations have been paid in full) and shall be payable on each Payment Date

and on the Facility Termination Date (and, if applicable, thereafter on demand).

(b)      PHI agrees to pay to the Agent for the account of the Lenders according to their

Pro Rata Shares a utilization fee, for each day on which the Outstanding Credit Extensions to

PHI exceed 33-1/3% of the PHI Sublimit, at a rate per annum equal to the Utilization Fee Rate

for PHI on the Outstanding Credit Extensions to PHI on such day, payable on each Payment

Date and on the Facility Termination Date for PHI.

(c)      Each Subsidiary Borrower agrees to pay to the Agent for the account of the

Lenders according to their Pro Rata Shares a utilization fee, for each day on which the

Outstanding Credit Extensions to all Subsidiary Borrowers exceed 33-1/3% of the Subsidiary

Borrower Sublimit, at a rate per annum equal to the Utilization Fee Rate for such Subsidiary

Borrowers on the Outstanding Credit Extensions to such Subsidiary Borrower on such day,

payable on each Payment Date and on the Facility Termination Date for such Subsidiary

Borrower.

(d)      Any Borrower may permanently reduce such Borrower's Sublimit, and the

Subsidiary Borrowers acting collectively may reduce the Subsidiary Borrower Sublimit, in each

case in whole, or in part ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares,

and in integral multiples of $10,000,000, upon at least five Business Days' written notice to the

Agent, which notice shall specify the amount of any such reduction, provided that (i) no

Borrower's Sublimit may be reduced below the amount of the Outstanding Credit Extensions to

such Borrower and (ii) the Subsidiary Borrower Sublimit may not be reduced below the amount

of the Outstanding Credit Extensions to all Subsidiary Borrowers.  Any reduction of the PHI

Sublimit or the Subsidiary Borrower Sublimit shall reduce the Aggregate Commitment by a

corresponding amount.  No reduction of a Subsidiary Borrower's individual Sublimit shall reduce

the Aggregate Commitment except to the extent that such reduction reduces the amount of the

Subsidiary Borrower Sublimit.

2.6      Minimum Amount of Each Advance.  Each Advance shall be in the amount of

$10,000,000 or a higher integral multiple of $1,000,000; provided that any Floating Rate

Advance may be in the amount of the unused Aggregate Commitment or in the amount of the

applicable Borrower's unused Sublimit.

2.7      Prepayments.  Any Borrower may from time to time prepay, without penalty or

premium, all outstanding Floating Rate Advances to such Borrower or, in the amount of

$10,000,000 or a higher integral multiple of $1,000,000, any portion of the outstanding Floating

Rate Advances to such Borrower, upon notice to the Agent not later than 10:00 a.m. (Chicago

time) on any Business Day.  Any Borrower may from time to time prepay, subject to the

payment of any funding indemnification amounts required by Section 3.4 but without penalty or

premium, all outstanding Eurodollar Advances to such Borrower or, in the amount of

$10,000,000 or a higher integral multiple of $1,000,000, any portion of the outstanding

Eurodollar Advances to such Borrower upon three Business Days' prior notice to the Agent.

2.8      Method of Selecting Types and Interest Periods for New Advances.  The

applicable Borrower shall select the Type of Advance and, in the case of each Eurodollar

Advance, the Interest Period applicable thereto from time to time.  The applicable Borrower shall

give the Agent irrevocable notice (a "Borrowing Notice") not later than 10:00 a.m. (Chicago

time) on the Borrowing Date of each Floating Rate Advance to such Borrower and three

Business Days before the Borrowing Date for each Eurodollar Advance to such Borrower,

specifying:


(i)


the Borrowing Date, which shall be a Business Day, of such Advance,


(ii)


the aggregate amount of such Advance,


(iii)


the Type of Advance selected, and


(iv)


in the case of each Eurodollar Advance, the Interest Period applicable thereto.





Not later than noon (Chicago time) on each Borrowing Date, each Lender shall make available

its Loan or Loans in funds immediately available in Chicago to the Agent at its address specified

pursuant to Article XIII.  The Agent will promptly make the funds so received from the Lenders

available to the applicable Borrower at the Agent's aforesaid address.

2.9      Conversion and Continuation of Outstanding Advances.  Floating Rate Advances

shall continue as Floating Rate Advances unless and until such Floating Rate Advances are

converted into Eurodollar Advances pursuant to this Section 2.9 or are repaid in accordance with

Section 2.7.  Each Eurodollar Advance shall continue as a Eurodollar Advance until the end of

the then applicable Interest Period therefor, at which time such Eurodollar Advance shall be

automatically converted into a Floating Rate Advance unless (x) such Eurodollar Advance is or

was repaid in accordance with Section 2.7 or (y) the applicable Borrower shall have given the

Agent a Conversion/Continuation Notice requesting that, at the end of such Interest Period, such

Eurodollar Advance continue as a Eurodollar Advance for a subsequent Interest Period.  Subject

to the terms of Section 2.6 any Borrower may elect from time to time to convert all or any part of

a Floating Rate Advance into a Eurodollar Advance.  Such Borrower shall give the Agent

irrevocable notice (a "Conversion/Continuation Notice") of each conversion of a Floating Rate

Advance into a Eurodollar Advance or continuation of a Eurodollar Advance not later than 10:00

a.m. (Chicago time) at least three Business Days prior to the date of the requested conversion or

continuation, specifying


(i)


the requested date, which shall be a Business Day, of such conversion or continuation,


(ii)


the aggregate amount and Type of the Advance which is to be converted or continued, and


(iii)


the amount of such Advance which is to be converted into or continued as a Eurodollar Advance and the duration of the Interest Period applicable thereto






2.10      Changes in Interest Rate, etc.  Each Floating Rate Advance shall bear interest on

the outstanding principal amount thereof, for each day from the date such Advance is made or is

converted from a Eurodollar Advance into a Floating Rate Advance pursuant to Section 2.9 to

the date it is paid or is converted into a Eurodollar Advance pursuant to Section 2.9, at a rate per

annum equal to the Alternate Base Rate for such day.  Changes in the rate of interest on that

portion of any Advance maintained as a Floating Rate Advance will take effect simultaneously

with each change in the Alternate Base Rate.  Each Eurodollar Advance shall bear interest on the

outstanding principal amount thereof from the first day of each Interest Period applicable thereto

to the last day of such Interest Period at the Eurodollar Rate applicable to such Eurodollar

Advance based upon the applicable Borrower's selections under Sections 2.8 and 2.9 and

otherwise in accordance with the terms hereof.

2.11      Rates Applicable After Default.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary

contained in Section 2.8 or 2.9, during the continuance of a Default or Unmatured Default with

respect to a Borrower, the Required Lenders may, at their option, by notice to such Borrower

(which notice may be revoked at the option of the Required Lenders notwithstanding any

provision of Section 8.2 requiring unanimous consent of the Lenders to changes in interest rates),

declare that no Advance to such Borrower may be made as, converted into or continued as a

Eurodollar Advance.  During the continuance of a Default with respect to a Borrower, the

Required Lenders may, at their option, by notice to such Borrower (which notice may be revoked

at the option of the Required Lenders notwithstanding any provision of Section 8.2 requiring

unanimous consent of the Lenders to changes in interest rates), declare that (i) each Eurodollar

Advance to such Borrower shall bear interest for the remainder of the applicable Interest Period

at the rate otherwise applicable to such Interest Period plus 2% per annum, (ii) each Floating

Rate Advance to such Borrower shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Alternate

Base Rate in effect from time to time plus 2% per annum and (iii) the LC Fee Rate payable by

such Borrower shall be increased by 2% per annum, provided that during the continuance of a

Default under Section 7.6 or 7.7 with respect to any Borrower, the interest rates set forth in

clauses (i) and (ii) above and the increase in the LC Fee Rate set forth in clause (iii) above shall

be applicable to all Outstanding Credit Extensions to such Borrower without any election or

action on the part of the Agent or any Lender.

2.12      Method of Payment.  All payments of the Obligations hereunder shall be made,

without setoff, deduction, or counterclaim, in immediately available funds to the Agent at the

Agent's address specified pursuant to Article XIII, or at any other office of the Agent specified in

writing by the Agent to the Borrowers, by noon (Chicago time) on the date when due and shall

be applied ratably by the Agent among the Lenders.  Each payment delivered to the Agent for the

account of any Lender shall be delivered promptly by the Agent to such Lender in the same type

of funds that the Agent received at its address specified pursuant to Article XIII or at any

Lending Installation specified in a notice received by the Agent from such Lender.  The Agent is

hereby authorized to charge the account of the applicable Borrower maintained with Bank One

for each payment of principal, Reimbursement Obligations, interest and fees as it becomes due

hereunder.

2.13      Noteless Agreement; Evidence of Indebtedness.  (a)  Each Lender shall maintain

in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of each

Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender to such Borrower from

time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender

from time to time hereunder.

(b)      The Agent shall also maintain accounts in which it will record (i) the amount of

each Loan to each Borrower made hereunder, the Type thereof and the Interest Period with

respect thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and

payable from each Borrower to each Lender hereunder, (iii) the stated amount of each Letter of

Credit and the amount of the LC Obligations outstanding at any time and (iv) the amount of any

sum received by the Agent hereunder from each Borrower and each Lender's share thereof.

(c)      The entries maintained in the accounts maintained pursuant to clauses (a) and (b)

above shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the Obligations therein

recorded; provided that the failure of the Agent or any Lender to maintain such accounts or any

error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the applicable Borrower to repay the

Obligations of such Borrower in accordance with their terms.

(d)      Any Lender may request that its Loans to any Borrower be evidenced by a Note.

In such event, such Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a Note payable to

the order of such Lender.  Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such Note and interest thereon

shall at all times (including after any assignment pursuant to Section 12.3) be represented by one

or more Notes payable to the order of the payee named therein or any assignee pursuant to

Section 12.3, except to the extent that any such Lender or assignee subsequently returns any such

Note for cancellation and requests that such Loans once again be evidenced as described in

clauses (a) and (b) above.

2.14     Telephonic Notices.  Each Borrower hereby authorizes the Lenders and the Agent

to extend, convert or continue Advances, effect selections of Types of Advances and to transfer

funds based on telephonic notices made by any person the Agent or any Lender in good faith

believes to be acting on behalf of such Borrower, it being understood that the foregoing

authorization is specifically intended to allow Borrowing Notices and Conversion/Continuation

Notices to be given telephonically.  Each Borrower agrees that upon the request of the Agent or

any Lender, such Borrower will deliver promptly to the Agent a written confirmation signed by

an Authorized Officer of such Borrower, of each telephonic notice given by such Borrower

pursuant to the preceding sentence.  If the written confirmation differs in any material respect

from the action taken by the Agent and the Lenders, the records of the Agent and the Lenders

shall govern absent manifest error.

2.15      Interest Payment Dates; Interest and Fee Basis.  Interest accrued on each Floating

Rate Advance shall be payable on each Payment Date, on any date on which such Floating Rate

Advance is prepaid, whether due to acceleration or otherwise, and at maturity.  Interest accrued

on that portion of the outstanding principal amount of any Floating Rate Advance converted into

a Eurodollar Advance on a day other than a Payment Date shall be payable on the date of

conversion.  Interest accrued on each Eurodollar Advance shall be payable on the last day of its

applicable Interest Period (and, in the case of a six-month Interest Period, on the day which is

three months after the first day of such Interest Period), on any date on which such Eurodollar

Advance is prepaid, whether by acceleration or otherwise, and at maturity.  Interest on Floating

Rate Advances which are bearing interest at the Prime Rate shall be calculated for actual days

elapsed on the basis of a 365-day year or, when appropriate, 366-day year.  All other interest and

all fees shall be calculated for actual days elapsed on the basis of a 360-day year.  Interest shall

be payable for the day an Advance is made but not for the day of any payment on the amount

paid if payment is received prior to noon (Chicago time) at the place of payment.  If any payment

of principal of or interest on an Advance shall become due on a day which is not a Business Day,

such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and, in the case of a principal

payment, such extension of time shall be included in computing interest in connection with such

payment.

2.16      Notification of Advances, Interest Rates, Prepayments and Commitment

Reductions.  Promptly after receipt thereof, the Agent will notify each Lender of the contents of

each notice of reduction in the Aggregate Commitment or any Sublimit, Borrowing Notice,

Conversion/Continuation Notice and notice of repayment received by the Agent hereunder.  The

Agent will notify each Lender of the interest rate applicable to each Eurodollar Advance

promptly upon determination of such interest rate and will give each Lender prompt notice of

each change in the Alternate Base Rate.

2.17      Lending Installations.  Each Lender may book its Loans at any Lending

Installation selected by such Lender and may change its Lending Installation from time to time.

All terms of this Agreement shall apply to any such Lending Installation and the Loans and any

Notes issued hereunder shall be deemed held by each Lender for the benefit of any such Lending

Installation.  Each Lender may, by written notice to the Agent and the Borrowers in accordance

with Article XIII, designate replacement or additional Lending Installations through which Loans

will be made by it and for whose account Loan payments are to be made.

2.18      Non-Receipt of Funds by the Agent.  Unless a Borrower or a Lender, as the case

may be, notifies the Agent prior to the date on which it is scheduled to make payment to the

Agent of (i) in the case of a Lender, the proceeds of a Loan or (ii) in the case of a Borrower, a

payment of principal, interest or fees to the Agent for the account of the Lenders, that it does not

intend to make such payment, the Agent may assume that such payment has been made.  The

Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the amount of such payment available to the

intended recipient in reliance upon such assumption.  If a Lender or a Borrower, as the case may

be, has not in fact made such payment to the Agent, the recipient of such payment shall, on

demand by the Agent, repay to the Agent the amount so made available together with interest

thereon in respect of each day during the period commencing on the date such amount was so

made available by the Agent until the date the Agent recovers such amount at a rate per annum

equal to (x) in the case of payment by a Lender, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day

for the first three days and, thereafter, the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan or (y) in

the case of payment by a Borrower, the interest rate applicable to the relevant Obligation.

Letters of Credit.

2.19.1      Issuance; Existing Letters of Credit.  The Issuer hereby agrees, on the terms

and conditions set forth in this Agreement (including the limitations set forth in Section 2.1), to

issue standby letters of credit and to renew, extend, increase, decrease or otherwise modify

Letters of Credit ("Modify" and each such action a "Modification") upon the request and for the

account of any Borrower from time to time from the Closing Date to the Facility Termination

Date for such Borrower.  No Letter of Credit shall have an expiry date later than the scheduled

Facility Termination Date.  By their execution of this Agreement, the parties hereto agree that on

the Closing Date (without any further action by any Person), each Existing Letter of Credit shall

be deemed to have been issued  under this Agreement and the rights and obligations of the issuer

and account party thereunder shall be subject to the terms hereof.

2.19.2      Participations.  Upon the issuance or Modification by the Issuer of a Letter of

Credit in accordance with this Section 2.19 (or, in this case of the Existing Letters of Credit, on

the Closing Date), the Issuer shall be deemed, without further action by any party hereto, to have

unconditionally and irrevocably sold to each Lender, and each Lender shall be deemed, without

further action by any party hereto, to have unconditionally and irrevocably purchased from the

Issuer, a participation in such Letter of Credit (and each Modification thereof and the related LC

Obligations) in proportion to its Pro Rata Share.

2.19.3      Notice.  The applicable Borrower shall give the Issuer notice prior to

10:00 a.m. (Chicago time) at least three Business Days prior to the proposed date of issuance or

Modification of a Letter of Credit for the account of such Borrower, specifying the beneficiary,

the proposed date of issuance (or Modification) and the expiry date of such Letter of Credit, and

describing the proposed terms of such Letter of Credit and the nature of the transactions

proposed to be supported thereby.  Upon receipt of such notice, the Issuer shall promptly notify

the Agent, and the Agent shall promptly notify each Lender, of the contents thereof and of the

amount of such Lender's participation in such proposed Letter of Credit.  The issuance or

Modification by the Issuer of any Letter of Credit shall, in addition to the conditions precedent

set forth in Article IV (the satisfaction of which the Issuer shall have no duty to ascertain), be

subject to the conditions precedent that such Letter of Credit shall be reasonably satisfactory to

the Issuer and that the applicable Borrower shall have executed and delivered such application

agreement and/or such other instruments and agreements relating to such Letter of Credit as the

Issuer shall have reasonably requested (each a "Letter of Credit Application").  In the event of

any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of any Letter of Credit

Application, the terms of this Agreement shall control.

2.19.4      Letter of Credit Fees.  Each Borrower shall pay to the Agent, for the account

of the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares, with respect to each

Letter of Credit issued for the account of such Borrower, a letter of credit fee at a per annum rate

equal to the LC Fee Rate in effect from time to time on the amount available under such Letter of

Credit, such fee to be payable in arrears on each Payment Date.  Each Borrower shall also pay to

the Issuer for its own account (x) a fronting fee in the amount agreed to by the Issuer and such

Borrower from time to time for each Letter of Credit issued for the account of such Borrower,

with such fee to be payable in arrears on each Payment Date, and (y) documentary and

processing charges in connection with the issuance or Modification of and draws under Letters of

Credit issued for the account of such Borrower in accordance with the Issuer's standard schedule

for such charges as in effect from time to time.

2.19.5      Administration; Reimbursement by Lenders.  Upon receipt from the

beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any demand for payment under such Letter of Credit, the

Issuer shall notify the Agent and the Agent shall promptly notify the applicable Borrower and

each Lender as to the amount to be paid by the Issuer as a result of such demand and the

proposed payment date (the "Letter of Credit Payment Date").  The responsibility of the Issuer to

the applicable Borrower and each Lender shall be only to determine that the documents

(including each demand for payment) delivered under each Letter of Credit in connection with

such presentment shall be in conformity in all material respects with such Letter of Credit.  The

Issuer shall endeavor to exercise the same care in its issuance and administration of Letters of

Credit as it does with respect to letters of credit in which no participations are granted, it being

understood that in the absence of any gross negligence or willful misconduct by the Issuer, each

Lender shall be unconditionally and irrevocably obligated, without regard to the occurrence of

any Default or Unmatured Default or any condition precedent whatsoever, to reimburse the

Issuer on demand for (i) such Lender's Pro Rata Share of the amount of each payment made by

the Issuer under each Letter of Credit to the extent such amount is not reimbursed by the

applicable Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19.6 plus (ii) interest on the foregoing amount for

each day from the date of the applicable payment by the Issuer to the date on which such Lender

pays the amount to be reimbursed by it, at a rate of interest per annum equal to the Federal Funds

Effective Rate or, beginning on third Business Day after demand for such amount by the Issuer,

the rate applicable to Floating Rate Advances.

2.19.6      Reimbursement by Borrowers.  Each Borrower shall be irrevocably and

unconditionally obligated to reimburse the Issuer on or before the applicable Letter of Credit

Payment Date for any amount to be paid by the Issuer upon any drawing under any Letter of

Credit issued by the Issuer for the account of such Borrower, without presentment, demand,

protest or other formalities of any kind; provided that no Borrower shall be precluded from

asserting any claim for direct (but not consequential) damages suffered by such Borrower to the

extent, but only to the extent, caused by (i) the willful misconduct or gross negligence of the

Issuer in determining whether a request presented under any Letter of Credit issued by it for the

account of such Borrower complied with the terms of such Letter of Credit or (ii) the Issuer's

failure to pay under any Letter of Credit issued by it for the account of such Borrower after the

presentation to it of a request strictly complying with the terms and conditions of such Letter of

Credit.  All such amounts paid by the Issuer and remaining unpaid by the applicable Borrower

shall bear interest, payable on demand, for each day until paid at a rate per annum equal to (x) on

or prior to the date on which the Issuer notifies such Borrower of the amount paid under any

Letter of Credit, the rate applicable to Floating Rate Advances, and (y) thereafter, the sum of 2%

plus the rate applicable to Floating Rate Advances.  The Issuer will pay to each Lender ratably in

accordance with its Pro Rata Share all amounts received by it from a Borrower for application in

payment, in whole or in part, of the Reimbursement Obligation in respect of any Letter of Credit

issued by the Issuer and any interest thereon, but only to the extent (and, in the case of interest,

for the period of time) such Lender has made payment to the Issuer in respect of such Letter of

Credit pursuant to Section 2.19.5.

2.19.7      Obligations Absolute.  Each Borrower's obligations under this Section 2.19

with respect to each Letter of Credit issued for the account of such Borrower shall be absolute

and unconditional under any and all circumstances and irrespective of any setoff, counterclaim or

defense to payment which such Borrower may have or have had against the Issuer, any Lender or

any beneficiary of any such Letter of Credit.  Each Borrower agrees with the Issuer and the

Lenders that neither the Issuer nor any Lender shall be responsible for, and the applicable

Borrower's Reimbursement Obligation in respect of any Letter of Credit issued for the account of

such Borrower shall not be affected by, among other things, the validity or genuineness of

documents or of any endorsements thereon, even if such documents should in fact prove to be in

any or all respects invalid, fraudulent or forged, or any dispute between or among such

Borrower, any of its Affiliates, the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any financing institution

or other party to whom any Letter of Credit may be transferred or any claims or defenses

whatsoever of such Borrower or of any of its Affiliates against the beneficiary of any Letter of

Credit or any such transferee.  The Issuer shall not be liable for any error, omission, interruption

or delay in transmission, dispatch or delivery of any message or advice, however transmitted, in

connection with any Letter of Credit.  Each Borrower agrees that any action taken or omitted by

the Issuer or any Lender under or in connection with any Letter of Credit and the related drafts

and documents, if done without gross negligence or willful misconduct, shall be binding upon

such Borrower and shall not put the Issuer or any Lender under any liability to such Borrower.

Nothing in this Section 2.19.7 is intended to limit the right of the applicable Borrower to make a

claim against the Issuer for damages as contemplated by the proviso to the first sentence of

Section 2.19.6.

2.19.8      Actions of Issuer.  The Issuer shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully

protected in relying, upon any Letter of Credit, draft, writing, resolution, notice, consent,

certificate, affidavit, letter, cablegram, telegram, facsimile, telex or teletype message, statement,

order or other document believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or

made by the proper Person or Persons, and upon advice and statements of legal counsel,

independent accountants and other experts selected by the Issuer.  The Issuer shall be fully

justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement unless it shall first have

received such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders as it reasonably deems appropriate

or it shall first be indemnified to its reasonable satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all

liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any

such action.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 2.19, the Issuer shall in all

cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement in

accordance with a request of the Required Lenders, and such request and any action taken or

failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon the Lenders and any future holder of a

participation in any Letter of Credit.

2.19.9      Indemnification.  Each Borrower hereby agrees to indemnify and hold

harmless each Lender, the Issuer and the Agent, and their respective directors, officers, agents

and employees, from and against any and all claims and damages, losses, liabilities, costs or

expenses which such Lender, the Issuer or the Agent may incur (or which may be claimed

against such Lender, the Issuer or the Agent by any Person whatsoever) by reason of or in

connection with the issuance, execution and delivery or transfer of or payment or failure to pay

under any Letter of Credit issued for the account of such Borrower or any actual or proposed use

of any such Letter of Credit, including any claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses

which the Issuer may incur by reason of or in connection with (i) the failure of any other Lender

to fulfill or comply with its obligations to the Issuer hereunder (but nothing herein contained

shall affect any right a Borrower may have against any defaulting Lender) or (ii) by reason of or

on account of the Issuer issuing any Letter of Credit which specifies that the term "Beneficiary"

included therein includes any successor by operation of law of the named Beneficiary, but which

Letter of Credit does not require that any drawing by any such successor Beneficiary be

accompanied by a copy of a legal document, satisfactory to the Issuer, evidencing the

appointment of such successor Beneficiary; provided that no Borrower shall be required to

indemnify any Lender, the Issuer or the Agent for any claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs

or expenses to the extent, but only to the extent, caused by (x) the willful misconduct or gross

negligence of the Issuer in determining whether a request presented under any Letter of Credit

issued by the Issuer for the account of such Borrower complied with the terms of such Letter of

Credit or (y) the Issuer's failure to pay under any Letter of Credit issued for the account of such

Borrower after the presentation to it of a request strictly complying with the terms and conditions

of such Letter of Credit.  Nothing in this Section 2.19.9 is intended to limit the obligations of any

Borrower under any other provision of this Agreement.

2.19.10      Lenders' Indemnification.  Each Lender shall, ratably in accordance with its

Pro Rata Share, indemnify the Issuer, its affiliates and its directors, officers, agents and

employees (to the extent not reimbursed by the applicable Borrower) against any cost, expense

(including reasonable counsel fees and disbursements), claim, demand, action, loss or liability

(except such as result from such indemnitees' gross negligence or willful misconduct or the

Issuer's failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it of a request strictly

complying with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit) that such indemnitees may

suffer or incur in connection with this Section 2.19 or any action taken or omitted by such

indemnitees hereunder.

2.19.11      Rights as a Lender.  In its capacity as a Lender, the Issuer shall have the same

rights and obligations as any other Lender.

2.20      Extension of Facility Termination Date.    Not less than 45 days and not more

than 60 days prior to the Facility Termination Date then in effect with respect to a Borrower,

provided that no Default or Unmatured Default shall have occurred and be continuing, such

Borrower may request an extension of such Facility Termination Date by submitting to the Agent

an Extension Request, which the Agent shall promptly furnish to each Lender.  Each Lender

shall, not less than 30 days prior to the applicable Facility Termination Date then in effect, notify

such Borrower and the Agent of its election, in its sole and absolute discretion, to extend or not

extend such Facility Termination Date as requested in such Extension Request.  Notwithstanding

any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any notice by any Lender of its willingness to

extend the Facility Termination Date shall be revocable by such Lender in its sole and absolute

discretion at any time prior to the date which is 30 days prior to the Facility Termination Date

then in effect with respect to such Borrower.  If the then Required Lenders shall approve in

writing the extension of the Facility Termination Date requested in such Extension Request, such

Facility Termination Date shall automatically and without any further action by any Person be

extended for the period specified in such Extension Request; provided that (i) each extension

pursuant to this Section 2.20 shall be for a maximum of 364 days and (ii) the Commitment of

any Lender that does not consent in writing to such extension (an "Objecting Lender") shall,

unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, expire on the Facility Termination

Date in effect on the date of such Extension Request (such Facility Termination Date, if any,

referred to as the "Commitment Expiration Date" with respect to such Objecting Lender).  If, as

of the 30th day prior to the Facility Termination Date then in effect, the Required Lenders shall

not approve in writing the extension of the Facility Termination Date requested in an Extension

Request, such Facility Termination Date shall not be extended pursuant to such Extension

Request.  The Agent shall promptly notify (y) the Lenders and the applicable Borrower of any

extension of a Facility Termination Date pursuant to this Section 2.20 and (z) such Borrower and

each other Lender of any Lender which becomes an Objecting Lender.

(b)      Loans owing to any Objecting Lender on the Commitment Expiration Date with

respect to such Lender shall be repaid in full on or before such Commitment Expiration Date.

(c)      The applicable Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to any

Objecting Lender and the Agent, require such Objecting Lender to assign and delegate, without

recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 12.3), all its

interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an assignee that shall assume such

obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment);

provided that (i) such Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Agent and

the Issuer (unless such Objecting Lender is the Agent or the Issuer, in which case its consent

shall not be required), which consents shall not unreasonably be withheld, and (ii) such

Objecting Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of

its Loans and participations in Letters of Credit, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all

other amounts payable to it hereunder, including amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.4

(assuming for such purpose, that such Objecting Lenders Loans were prepaid on the date of such

assignment, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest

and fees) or such Borrower (in the case of all other amounts).

(d)       For a period of 90 days following any extension of a Facility Termination Date

pursuant to this Section 2.20, the applicable Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon

notice to the Agent, cause additional banks or other financial institutions to become parties

hereto as Lenders to replace the Commitments of Objecting Lenders no longer parties hereto;

provided that the Aggregate Commitment shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitment existing

prior to such extension.  Such additional banks or other financial institutions shall be subject to

the approval of the Agent and the Issuer (the consent of which will not be unreasonably

withheld) and shall become parties hereto by executing such supplements hereto as shall be

satisfactory to such Borrower and the Agent.  Upon any such bank or other financial institution

so becoming a Lender, such Borrower will effect such borrowings and prepayments as are

necessary to cause all then outstanding Loans and participations in Letters of Credit to be held

ratably by all Lenders.

ARTICLE III

YIELD PROTECTION; TAXES

3.1      Yield Protection.  If, on or after the date of this Agreement, the adoption of any

law or any governmental or quasi-governmental rule, regulation, policy, guideline or directive

(whether or not having the force of law), or any change in the interpretation or administration

thereof by any governmental or quasi-governmental authority, central bank or comparable

agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by the Issuer,

any other Lender or any applicable Lending Installation with any request or directive (whether or

not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency:


(i)


subjects the Issuer, any other Lender or any applicable Lending Installation to any Taxes, or changes the basis of taxation of payments (other than with respect to Excluded Taxes) to the Issuer in respect of Letters of Credit or to any Lender in respect of its Eurodollar Loans or its participations in Letters of Credit, or


(ii)


imposes or increases or deems applicable any reserve, assessment, insurance charge, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, the Issuer, any other Lender or any applicable Lending Installation (other than reserves and assessments taken into account in determining the interest rate applicable to Eurodollar Advances), or


(iii)


imposes any other condition the result of which is to increase the cost to the Issuer, any other Lender or any applicable Lending Installation of issuing or participating in Letters of Credit or making, funding or maintaining its Eurodollar Loans or reduces any amount receivable by the Issuer, any other Lender or any applicable Lending Installation in connection with Letters of Credit or its Eurodollar Loans, or requires the Issuer, any other Lender or any applicable Lending Installation to make any payment calculated by reference to the amount of Letters of Credit issued by it, the amount of its participations in Letters of Credit or the amount of Eurodollar Loans held or interest received by it, in each case by an amount deemed material by the Issuer or such other Lender, and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to the Issuer, such other Lender or such applicable Lending Installation of issuing or participating in Letters of Credit or making or maintaining its Eurodollar Loans or C
ommitment or to reduce the return received by the Issuer, such other Lender or such applicable Lending Installation in connection with such issuing or participating in Letters of Credit or its Eurodollar Loans or Commitment, then, within 15 days of demand by the Issuer or such other Lender, the applicable Borrower (or, if any of the foregoing is not attributable or allocable to a particular Borrower, PHI) shall pay the Issuer or such other Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate the Issuer or such Lender for such increased cost or reduction in amount received.






3.2    Changes in Capital Adequacy Regulations.  If the Issuer or another Lender

determines the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by the Issuer or such

Lender, any Lending Installation of such Lender or any corporation controlling the Issuer or such

Lender is increased as a result of a Change, then, within 15 days of demand by the Issuer or such

Lender, the applicable Borrower (or, if the amount payable is not attributable or allocable to a

particular Borrower, PHI) shall pay the Issuer or such Lender the amount necessary to

compensate for any shortfall in the rate of return on the portion of such increased capital which

the Issuer or such Lender determines is attributable to this Agreement, Loans or Letters of Credit

outstanding hereunder (or participations therein) or its Commitment to make Loans or to issue or

participate in Letters of Credit hereunder (after taking into account such Lender's policies as to

capital adequacy).  "Change" means (i) any change after the date of this Agreement in the Risk

Based Capital Guidelines (as defined below) or (ii) any adoption of or change in any other law,

governmental or quasi-governmental rule, regulation, policy, guideline, interpretation, or

directive (whether or not having the force of law) after the date of this Agreement which affects

the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by the Issuer, any other Lender or

any Lending Installation or any corporation controlling the Issuer or any other Lender.  "Risk

Based Capital Guidelines" means (i) the risk based capital guidelines in effect in the United

States on the date of this Agreement, including transition rules, and (ii) the corresponding capital

regulations promulgated by regulatory authorities outside the United States implementing the

July 1988 report of the Basle Committee on Banking Regulation and Supervisory Practices

Entitled "International Convergence of Capital Measurements and Capital Standards," including

transition rules, and any amendments to such regulations adopted prior to the date of this

Agreement.

3.3      Availability of Types of Advances.  If any Lender notifies the Agent that

maintenance of its Eurodollar Loans at a suitable Lending Installation would violate any

applicable law, rule, regulation, or directive, whether or not having the force of law, or if the

Required Lenders determine that (i) deposits of a type and maturity appropriate to match fund

Eurodollar Advances are not available or (ii) the interest rate applicable to Eurodollar Advances

does not accurately reflect the cost of making or maintaining Eurodollar Advances, then the

Agent shall suspend the availability of Eurodollar Advances and require any affected Eurodollar

Advances to be repaid or converted to Floating Rate Advances, subject to the payment of any

funding indemnification amounts required by Section 3.4.

3.4      Funding Indemnification.  If any payment of a Eurodollar Advance occurs on a

day which is not the last day of an Interest Period therefor, whether because of acceleration,

prepayment or otherwise, or a Eurodollar Advance is not made on the date specified by a

Borrower for any reason other than default by the Lenders, the applicable Borrower will

indemnify each Lender for any loss or cost incurred by it resulting therefrom, including any loss

or cost in liquidating or employing deposits acquired to fund or maintain such Eurodollar

Advance.

3.5      Taxes.

(i)       All payments by the Borrowers to or for the account of the Issuer, any other

Lender or the Agent hereunder or under any Note shall be made free and clear of and without

deduction for any and all Taxes.  If a Borrower shall be required by law to deduct any Taxes

from or in respect of any sum payable hereunder to the Issuer, any other Lender or the Agent, (a)

the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions

(including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.5), the Issuer,

such Lender or the Agent (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would

have received had no such deductions been made, (b) such Borrower shall make such deductions,

(c) such Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant authority in accordance with

applicable law and (d) such Borrower shall furnish to the Agent the original copy of a receipt

evidencing payment thereof within 30 days after such payment is made.

(ii)      In addition, each Borrower hereby agrees to pay any present or future stamp or

documentary taxes and any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies which arise

from any payment made by it hereunder or under any Note or Letter of Credit Application or

from its execution or delivery of, or otherwise attributable to such Borrower in connection with,

this Agreement, any Note or any Letter of Credit Application ("Other Taxes").

(iii)      Each Borrower hereby agrees to indemnify the Issuer, each other Lender and the

Agent for the full amount of Taxes or Other Taxes (including any Taxes or Other Taxes imposed

on amounts payable under this Section 3.5) paid by the Issuer, such Lender or the Agent and any

liability (including penalties, interest and expenses) arising therefrom or with respect thereto.

Payments due under this indemnification shall be made within 30 days of the date the Issuer,

such Lender or the Agent makes demand therefor pursuant to Section 3.6.

(iv)      Each Lender that is not incorporated under the laws of the United States of

America or a state thereof (each a "Non-U.S. Lender") agrees that it will, not less than ten

Business Days after the date of this Agreement, (i) deliver to each Borrower and the Agent two

duly completed copies of United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8ECI

certifying in either case that such Lender is entitled to receive payments under this Agreement

without deduction or withholding of any United States federal income taxes, and (ii) deliver to

each Borrower and the Agent a United States Internal Revenue Form W-8BEN or W-9, as the

case may be, and certify that it is entitled to an exemption from United States backup

withholding tax. Each Non-U.S. Lender further undertakes to deliver to each Borrower and the

Agent (x) renewals or additional copies of such form (or any successor form) on or before the

date that such form expires or becomes obsolete, and (y) after the occurrence of any event

requiring a change in the most recent forms so delivered by it, such additional forms or

amendments thereto as may be reasonably requested by any Borrower or the Agent.  All forms or

amendments described in the preceding sentence shall certify that such Lender is entitled to

receive payments under this Agreement without deduction or withholding of any United States

federal income taxes, unless an event (including any change in treaty, law or regulation) has

occurred prior to the date on which any such delivery would otherwise be required which renders

all such forms inapplicable or which would prevent such Lender from duly completing and

delivering any such form or amendment with respect to it and such Lender advises the Borrowers

and the Agent that it is not capable of receiving payments without any deduction or withholding

of United States federal income tax.

(v)      For any period during which a Non-U.S. Lender has failed to provide a Borrower

with an appropriate form pursuant to clause (iv) above (unless such failure is due to a change in

treaty, law or regulation, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any

governmental authority, occurring subsequent to the date on which a form originally was

required to be provided), such Borrower shall not be required to increase any amount payable to

such Non-U.S. Lender pursuant to Section 3.5(i)(a) or to otherwise indemnify such Lender under

this Section 3.5 with respect to Taxes imposed by the United States; provided that, should a Non-

U.S. Lender which is otherwise exempt from or subject to a reduced rate of withholding tax

become subject to Taxes because of its failure to deliver a form required under clause (iv) above,

the applicable Borrower shall take such steps as such Non-U.S. Lender shall reasonably request

to assist such Non-U.S. Lender to recover such Taxes.

(vi)      Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding tax

with respect to payments under this Agreement or any Note pursuant to the law of any relevant

jurisdiction or any treaty shall deliver to the Borrowers (with a copy to the Agent), at the time or

times prescribed by applicable law, such properly completed and executed documentation

prescribed by applicable law as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at

a reduced rate.

(vii)      If the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or any other governmental authority of the

United States or any other country or any political subdivision thereof asserts a claim that the

Agent did not properly withhold tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender

(because the appropriate form was not delivered or properly completed, because such Lender

failed to notify the Agent of a change in circumstances which rendered its exemption from

withholding ineffective, or for any other reason), such Lender shall indemnify the Agent fully for

all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by the Agent as tax, withholding therefor, or otherwise,

including penalties and interest, and including taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts

payable to the Agent under this subsection, together with all costs and expenses related thereto

(including attorneys fees and time charges of attorneys for the Agent, which attorneys may be

employees of the Agent).  The obligations of the Lenders under this Section 3.5(vii) shall survive

the payment of the Obligations and termination of this Agreement.

3.6      Mitigation of Circumstances; Lender Statements; Survival of Indemnity.  Each

Lender shall promptly notify the Borrowers and the Agent of any event of which it has

knowledge which will result in, and will use reasonable commercial efforts available to it (and

not, in such Lender's good faith judgment, otherwise disadvantageous to such Lender) to mitigate

or avoid, (i) any obligation of any Borrower to pay any amount pursuant to Section 3.1, 3.2 or

3.5 and (ii) the unavailability of Eurodollar Advances under Section 3.3 (and, if any Lender has

given notice of any such event described above and thereafter such event ceases to exist, such

Lender shall promptly so notify the Borrowers and the Agent).  Without limiting the foregoing,

each Lender shall, to the extent reasonably possible, designate an alternate Lending Installation

with respect to its Eurodollar Loans to reduce any liability of any Borrower to such Lender under

Sections 3.1, 3.2 and 3.5 or to avoid the unavailability of Eurodollar Advances under Section 3.3,

so long as such designation is not, in the judgment of such Lender, disadvantageous to such

Lender.  Any Lender claiming compensation under Section 3.1, 3.2, 3.4, or 3.5 shall deliver a

written statement to the applicable Borrower (with a copy to the Agent) as to the amount due

under the applicable Section, which statement shall set forth in reasonable detail the calculations

upon which such Lender determined such amount and shall be final, conclusive and binding on

such Borrower in the absence of manifest error.  Determination of amounts payable under any

such Section in connection with a Eurodollar Loan shall be calculated as though each Lender

funded its Eurodollar Loan through the purchase of a deposit of the type and maturity

corresponding to the deposit used as a reference in determining the Eurodollar Rate applicable to

such Loan, whether in fact that is the case or not.  Unless otherwise provided herein, the amount

specified in the written statement of any Lender shall be payable on demand after receipt by the

applicable Borrower of such written statement.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this

Article III, if any Lender fails to notify a Borrower of any event or circumstance which will

entitle such Lender to compensation from such Borrower pursuant to Section 3.1, 3.2 or 3.5

within 60 days after such Lender obtains knowledge of such event or circumstance, then such

Borrower will not be responsible for any such compensation arising prior to the 60th day before

such Borrower receives notice from such Lender of such event or circumstance.  The obligations

of the Borrowers under Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.4 and 3.5 shall survive payment of the Obligations

and termination of this Agreement.

3.7      Replacement of Lender.  If any Lender makes a demand for compensation under

Section 3.1, 3.2 or 3.5 or a notice of the type described in Section 3.3 (any such Lender, an

"Affected Lender"), then PHI may replace such Affected Lender as a party to this Agreement

with one or more other Lenders and/or Purchasers which are willing to accept an assignment

from such Lender, and upon notice from PHI such Affected Lender shall assign, without

recourse or warranty, its Commitment, its Loans and all of its other rights and obligations

hereunder to such other Lenders and/or Purchasers for a purchase price equal to the sum of the

principal amount of the Loans so assigned, all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, such Affected

Lender's ratable share of all accrued and unpaid fees, any amount payable pursuant to Section 3.4

as a result of such Affected Lender receiving payment of any Eurodollar Loan prior to the end of

an Interest Period therefor (assuming for such purpose that receipt of payment pursuant to such

assignment constitutes payment of each outstanding Eurodollar Loan) and all other obligations

owed to such Affected Lender hereunder.

ARTICLE IV

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

4.1      Initial Credit Extension.  The obligation of the Lenders (or, if applicable, the

Issuer) to make the initial Credit Extension hereunder is subject to the conditions precedent that

the Agent has received (a) evidence, reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, that (i) the Merger

Transactions have been (or concurrently with the initial Credit Extension will be) completed; (ii)

all obligations of the Borrowers under the Existing Credit Facilities have been (or concurrently

with the initial Credit Extension will be) paid in full; and (iii) all fees and (to the extent billed)

expenses which are payable on or before the date of the initial Credit Extension to the Arranger,

the Agent or any Lender hereunder or in connection herewith have been (or concurrently with

the initial Credit Extension will be) paid in full; and (b) each of the following documents (with

sufficient copies for each Lender):


(i)


Copies of the articles or certificate of incorporation of each Borrower, together with all amendments thereto, certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of such Borrower, and certificates of good standing, certified by the appropriate governmental officer in the jurisdiction(s) of incorporation of such Borrower.


(ii)


Copies, certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of each Borrower, of such Borrower's bylaws and of resolutions of its Board of Directors authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which such Borrower is a party.


(iii)


An incumbency certificate from each Borrower, executed by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of such Borrower, which shall identify by name and title and bear the signatures of the officers of such Borrower authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which such Borrower is a party, upon which certificate the Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely until informed of any change in writing by such Borrower.


(iv)


A certificate, signed by an Authorized Officer of PHI, stating that on the date of the initial Credit Extension no Default or Unmatured Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to any Borrower.


(v)


A written opinion of internal counsel to PHI, substantially in the form of Exhibit D-1.


(vi)


A written opinion of internal counsel to PEPCO, substantially in the form of Exhibit D-2.


(vii)


A written opinion of internal counsel to DPL, substantially in the form of Exhibit D-3.


(viii)


A written opinion of internal counsel to ACE, substantially in the form of Exhibit D-4.


(ix)


A written opinion of Covington & Burling, special New York counsel to the Borrowers, substantially in the form of Exhibit D-5.


(x)


Any Notes requested by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.13 payable to the order of each such requesting Lender.


(xi)


Copies of all governmental approvals, if any, necessary for any Borrower to enter into the Loan Documents to which it is a party and to obtain Credit Extensions hereunder.


(xii)


A letter agreement among PHI, Conectiv and the Issuer pursuant to which PHI agrees to become a joint account party on all Existing Letters of Credit originally issued for the account of Conectiv.


(xiii)



Such other documents as any Lender or its counsel may reasonably request.






4.2     Each Credit Extension.  Neither the Lenders nor the Issuer shall be required to

make any Credit Extension to any Borrower unless on the date of such Credit Extension:


(i)


No Default or Unmatured Default with respect to such Borrower exists or will result from such Credit Extension.


(ii)


The representations and warranties of such Borrower contained in Article V are true and correct in all material respects as of the date of such Credit Extension except to the extent any such representation or warranty is stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date.


(iii)


All legal matters incident to the making of such Credit Extension shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders and their counsel.





Each request for a Credit Extension by a Borrower shall constitute a representation and

warranty by such Borrower that the conditions contained in Sections 4.2(i) and (ii) have been

satisfied.  Any Lender may require a duly completed compliance certificate in substantially the

form of Exhibit A from the applicable Borrower as a condition to the making of a Credit

Extension.

4.3      Certain Credit Extensions.  Neither the Lenders nor the Issuer shall be required to

make any Credit Extension:


(i)


which would cause the Outstanding Credit Extensions to DPL to exceed $275,000,000 unless DPL shall have delivered to the Agent a certificate to the effect that (and attaching copies of) all corporate and governmental approvals necessary for DPL to have Outstanding Credit Extensions in the applicable amount have been obtained; or


(ii)


which would cause the Outstanding Credit Extensions to ACE to exceed $250,000,000 unless ACE shall have delivered to the Agent a certificate to the effect that (and attaching copies of) all corporate and governmental approvals necessary for ACE to have Outstanding Credit Extensions in the applicable amount have been obtained.






ARTICLE V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Each Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that:

5.1      Existence and Standing.  Such Borrower is a corporation, and each of its

Subsidiaries is a corporation, partnership or limited liability company, duly and properly

incorporated or organized, as the case may be, validly existing and (to the extent such concept

applies to such entity) in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction (or, if applicable,

jurisdictions) of incorporation or organization and has all requisite authority to conduct its

business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted, except where failure to do so

could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to such

Borrower.

5.2      Authorization and Validity.  Such Borrower has the power and authority and legal

right to execute and deliver the Loan Documents to which it is a party and to perform its

obligations thereunder.  The execution and delivery by such Borrower of the Loan Documents to

which it is a party and the performance of its obligations thereunder have been duly authorized

by proper corporate proceedings, and the Loan Documents to which such Borrower is a party

constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Borrower enforceable against such

Borrower in accordance with their terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,

insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally.

5.3.      No Conflict; Government Consent.  Neither the execution and delivery by such

Borrower of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, nor the consummation of the transactions

therein contemplated, nor compliance with the provisions thereof, will violate (i) any law, rule,

regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award binding on such Borrower or any

of its Subsidiaries or (ii) such Borrower's or any of its Subsidiary's articles or certificate of

incorporation, partnership agreement, certificate of partnership, articles or certificate of

organization, bylaws, or operating or other management agreement, as the case may be, or

(iii) the provisions of any indenture, instrument or agreement to which such Borrower or any of

its Significant Subsidiaries is a party or is subject, or by which it, or its Property, is bound, or

conflict with or constitute a default thereunder, or result in, or require, the creation or imposition

of any Lien in, of or on any Property of such Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries

pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, instrument or agreement.  Except for an appropriate

order or orders of the SEC under PUHCA, each of which has been issued and is in full force and

effect (and copies of which have been delivered to the Agent), no order, consent, adjudication,

approval, license, authorization, or validation of, or filing, recording or registration with, or

exemption by, or other action in respect of any governmental or public body or authority

(including the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission), or any subdivision thereof, is required

to be obtained by such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and

delivery by such Borrower of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, the borrowings and

obtaining of Letters of Credit by such Borrower under this Agreement, the payment and

performance by such Borrower of its Obligations or the legality, validity, binding effect or

enforceability against such Borrower of any Loan Document to which such Borrower is a party;

provided that (x) DPL must obtain approval of the Virginia State Corporation Commission prior

to incurring Outstanding Credit Extensions in excess of $275,000,000, and (y) ACE must obtain

approval of the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities prior to incurring Outstanding Credit

Extensions in excess of $250,000,000.

5.4      Financial Statements.  In the case of PHI, the pro forma consolidated financial

statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 and the fiscal quarter ended March 31,

2002, copies of which have been delivered to each Lender, were prepared in accordance with

Agreement Accounting Principles and fairly present the pro forma consolidated financial

condition and operations of PHI and its Subsidiaries at the dates thereof and for the periods then

ended; and in the case of each Subsidiary Borrower, the financial statements included in such

Subsidiary Borrower's Public Reports were prepared in accordance with Agreement Accounting

Principles and fairly present the consolidated financial condition and operations of such

Subsidiary Borrower and its Subsidiaries at the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their

operations for the periods then ended.

5.5      No Material Adverse Change.  Since December 31, 2001, there has been no

change from that reflected in the Public Reports (and, in the case of PHI, in the pro forma

consolidated financial statements referred to in Section 5.4) in the business, Property, financial

condition or results of operations of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole which

could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to such Borrower.

5.6      Taxes.  Such Borrower and its Subsidiaries have filed all United States federal tax

returns and all other material tax returns which are required to be filed and have paid all taxes

due pursuant to said returns or pursuant to any assessment received by such Borrower or any of

its Subsidiaries, except (a) such taxes, if any, as are being contested in good faith and as to which

adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles and

(b) taxes and governmental charges (in addition to those referred to in clause (a)) in an aggregate

amount not exceeding $1,000,000.  The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of such

Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of any taxes or other governmental charges are

adequate.

5.7      Litigation and Contingent Obligations.  Except as disclosed in the Public Reports,

there is no litigation, arbitration, governmental investigation, proceeding or inquiry pending or,

to the knowledge of such Borrower, threatened against or affecting such Borrower or any of its

Subsidiaries which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect

to such Borrower or which seeks to prevent, enjoin or delay the making of any Loans.  Other

than any liability incident to any litigation, arbitration or proceeding which could not reasonably

be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to such Borrower, such Borrower has

no material contingent obligations not provided for or disclosed in the Public Reports.

5.8      Significant Subsidiaries.  Schedule 4 contains an accurate list of all Significant

Subsidiaries of such Borrower after giving effect to the Merger Transactions, setting forth their

respective jurisdictions of organization and the percentage of their respective capital stock or

other ownership interests owned by such Borrower or other Subsidiaries of such Borrower.  All

of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock or other ownership interests of such

Significant Subsidiaries have been (to the extent such concepts are relevant with respect to such

ownership interests) duly authorized and issued and are fully paid and nonassessable.

5.9      ERISA.  Each Plan complies in all material respects with all applicable

requirements of law and regulations, no Reportable Event has occurred with respect to any Plan,

neither such Borrower nor any other member of the Controlled Group has withdrawn from any

Plan or initiated steps to do so, and no steps have been taken to reorganize or terminate any Plan.

5.10   Accuracy of Information.  No written information, exhibit or report furnished by

such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to the Agent or to any Lender in connection with the

negotiation of, or compliance with, the Loan Documents to which such Borrower is a party

contained any material misstatement of fact or omitted to state a material fact or any fact

necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading.

5.11   Regulation U.  Margin stock (as defined in Regulation U of the FRB) constitutes

less than 25% of the value of those assets of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries which are

subject to any limitation on sale, pledge, or other restriction hereunder.

5.12  Material Agreements.  Neither such Borrower nor any Subsidiary thereof is in

default in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or

conditions contained in any agreement to which it is a party, which default could reasonably be

expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to such Borrower.

5.13   Compliance With Laws.  Such Borrower and its Subsidiaries have complied with

all applicable statutes, rules, regulations, orders and restrictions of any domestic or foreign

government or any instrumentality or agency thereof having jurisdiction over the conduct of their

respective businesses or the ownership of their respective Property except for any failure to

comply with any of the foregoing which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material

Adverse Effect with respect to such Borrower.

5.14  Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions.  Such Borrower is not an entity deemed to

hold "plan assets" within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 of an employee benefit plan (as

defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) which is subject to Title I of ERISA or any plan (within the

meaning of Section 4975 of the Code), and neither the execution of this Agreement nor the

making of Loans to such Borrower hereunder gives rise to a prohibited transaction within the

meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.

5.15  Environmental Matters.  In the ordinary course of its business, the officers of such

Borrower consider the effect of Environmental Laws on the business of such Borrower and its

Subsidiaries, in the course of which they identify and evaluate potential risks and liabilities

accruing to such Borrower and its Subsidiaries due to Environmental Laws.  On the basis of this

consideration, such Borrower has concluded that Environmental Laws are not reasonably

expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to such Borrower.  Neither such

Borrower nor any Subsidiary thereof has received any notice to the effect that its operations are

not in material compliance with any of the requirements of applicable Environmental Laws or

are the subject of any federal or state investigation evaluating whether any remedial action is

needed to respond to a release of any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the

environment, which noncompliance or remedial action could reasonably be expected to have a

Material Adverse Effect with respect to such Borrower.

5.16  Investment Company Act.  Neither such Borrower nor any Subsidiary thereof is

an "investment company" or a company "controlled" by an "investment company", within the

meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940.

5.17  Public Utility Holding Company Act.  Upon consummation of the Merger

Transactions, PHI will be a "holding company" within the meaning of PUHCA.

5.18  Insurance.  Such Borrower and its Significant Subsidiaries maintain insurance

with financially sound and reputable insurance companies on all their Property of a character

usually insured by entities in the same or similar businesses similarly situated against loss or

damage of the kinds and in the amounts, customarily insured against by such entities, and

maintain such other insurance as is usually carried by such entities.

5.19  No Default.  No Default or Unmatured Default exists.

5.20  Ownership of Properties.  As of the Closing Date, such Borrower and its

Subsidiaries have valid title, free of all Liens other than those permitted by Section 6.12, to all

the Property reflected as owned by such Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the March 31, 2002

financial statements of such Borrower referred to in Section 5.4, other than Property used, sold,

transferred or otherwise disposed of since such date (a) in the ordinary course of business, (b)

which are not material to the business of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole or

(c) as otherwise permitted by the terms of the Existing Credit Facilities.

ARTICLE VI

COVENANTS

During the term of this Agreement, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent

in writing:

6.1      Financial Reporting.  Each Borrower will maintain, for itself and each of its

Subsidiaries, a system of accounting established and administered in accordance with Agreement

Accounting Principles, and furnish to the Agent (in such number of copies as the Agent may

reasonably request):


(i)


Within 100 days after the close of each of its fiscal years, an audit report, which shall be without a "going concern" or similar qualification or exception and without any qualification as to the scope of the audit, certified by independent certified public accountants acceptable to the Required Lenders, prepared in accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles on a consolidated and consolidating basis (consolidating statements need not be certified by such accountants) for itself and its Subsidiaries, including balance sheets as of the end of such period, related profit and loss and reconciliation of surplus statements, and a statement of cash flows, accompanied by (a) any management letter prepared by said accountants, and (b) a certificate of said accountants that, in the course of their examination necessary for their certification of the foregoing, they have obtained no knowledge of any Default or Unmatured Default with respect to such Borrower, or if, in the opinion of such accountants, any such
Default or Unmatured Default shall exist, stating the nature and status thereof; provided that if such Borrower is then a "registrant" within the meaning of Rule 1-01 of Regulation S-X of the SEC and required to file a report on Form 10-K with the SEC, a copy of such Borrower's annual report on Form 10-K (excluding the exhibits thereto, unless such exhibits are requested under clause (viii) of this Section) or any successor form and a manually executed copy of the accompanying report of such Borrower's independent public accountant, as filed with the SEC, shall satisfy the requirements of this clause (i);


(ii)


Within 60 days after the close of the first three quarterly periods of each of its fiscal years, for itself and its Subsidiaries, either (i) consolidated and consolidating unaudited balance sheets as at the close of each such period and consolidated and consolidating profit and loss and reconciliation of surplus statements and a statement of cash flows for the period from the beginning of such fiscal year to the end of such quarter, all certified by its chief financial officer or (ii) if such Borrower is then a "registrant" within the meaning of Rule 1-01 of Regulation S-X of the SEC and required to file a report on Form 10-Q with the SEC, a copy of such Borrower's report on Form 10-Q for such quarterly period, excluding the exhibits thereto, unless such exhibits are requested under clause (viii) of this Section.


(iii)


Together with the financial statements required under Sections 6.1(i) and (ii), a compliance certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit A signed by an Authorized Officer of such Borrower showing the calculations necessary to determine such Borrower's compliance with Section 6.13 of this Agreement and stating that, to the knowledge of such officer, no Default or Unmatured Default with respect to such Borrower exists, or if any such Default or Unmatured Default exists, stating the nature and status thereof.


(iv)


As soon as possible and in any event within 30 days after receipt by such Borrower, a copy of (a) any notice or claim to the effect that such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is or may be liable to any Person as a result of the release by such Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, or any other Person of any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the environment, and (b) any notice alleging any violation of any federal, state or local environmental, health or safety law or regulation by such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, which, in either case, could be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to such Borrower.


(v)


In the case of PHI, promptly upon the furnishing thereof to its shareholders, copies of all financial statements, reports and proxy statements so furnished.


(vi)


Promptly upon the filing thereof, copies of all registration statements and annual, quarterly, monthly or other regular reports which such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries files with the SEC.


(vii)


In the case of PHI, as soon as PHI obtains knowledge of an actual Change in Control or publicly disclosed prospective Change in Control, written notice of same, including the anticipated or actual date of and all other publicly disclosed material terms and conditions surrounding such proposed or actual Change in Control.


(viii)


Such other information (including nonfinancial information) as the Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request.





Documents required to be delivered pursuant to clause (i), (ii), (v) or (vi) above may be

delivered electronically and, if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date

(i) on which the applicable Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto, on a

website on the internet at a website address previously specified to the Agent and the Lenders; or

(ii) on which such documents are posted on the applicable Borrower's behalf on IntraLinks or

another relevant website, if any, to which each of the Agent and each Lender has access;

provided that (i) upon request of the Agent or any Lender, the applicable Borrower shall deliver

paper copies of such documents to the Agent or such Lender (until a written request to cease

delivering paper copies is given by the Agent or such Lender) and (ii) the applicable Borrower

shall notify (which may be by facsimile or electronic mail) the Agent and each Lender of the

posting of any documents.  The Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of, or to

maintain copies of, the documents referred to above or to monitor compliance by any Borrower

with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting

delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents.

6.2      Use of Proceeds.  Each Borrower will use the proceeds of the Advances to it for

general corporate purposes.  No Borrower will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, use any of

the proceeds of the Advances to it to purchase or carry any "margin stock" (as defined in

Regulation U of the FRB).

6.3      Notice of Default.  Each Borrower will give prompt notice in writing to the

Lenders of the occurrence of any Default or Unmatured Default with respect to such Borrower

and of any other development, financial or otherwise, which could reasonably be expected to

have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to such Borrower (it being understood and agreed

that no Borrower shall be required to make separate disclosure under this Section 6.3 of

occurrences or developments which have previously been disclosed to the Lenders in any

financial statement or other information delivered to the Lenders pursuant to Section 6.1).

6.4      Conduct of Business.  Each Borrower will, and will cause each of its Significant

Subsidiaries (or, in the case of clause (ii) below, each of its Subsidiaries) to, (i) carry on and

conduct its business in substantially the same manner and in substantially the same fields of

enterprise as it is presently conducted and (ii) do all things necessary to remain duly incorporated

or organized, validly existing and (to the extent such concept applies to such entity) in good

standing as a domestic corporation, partnership or limited liability company in its jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization, as the case may be, and maintain all requisite authority to conduct

its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted, except to the extent, in the

case of all matters covered by this clause (ii) other than the existence of such Borrower, that

failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect

to such Borrower.

6.5      Taxes.  Each Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, timely file

complete and correct United States federal and applicable foreign, state and local tax returns

required by law and pay when due all taxes, assessments and governmental charges and levies

upon it or its income, profits or Property, except (a) those that are being contested in good faith

by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside in

accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles and (b) taxes, governmental charges and

levies (in addition to those referred to in clause (a)) in an aggregate amount not exceeding

$1,000,000.

6.6      Insurance.  Each Borrower will, and will cause each of its Significant Subsidiaries

to, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on all of its

Property in such amounts and covering such risks as is consistent with sound business practice,

and each Borrower will furnish to any Lender such information as such Lender may reasonably

request as to the insurance carried by such Borrower and its Significant Subsidiaries.

6.7     Compliance with Laws.  Each Borrower will, and will cause each of its

Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations, orders, writs, judgments, injunctions,

decrees or awards to which it may be subject, including all Environmental Laws, where failure to

do so could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to such

Borrower.

6.8      Maintenance of Properties.  Each Borrower will, and will cause each of its

Subsidiaries to, do all things necessary to (a) maintain, preserve, protect and keep its Property in

good repair, working order and condition, and make all necessary and proper repairs, renewals

and replacements so that its business carried on in connection therewith may be properly

conducted at all times, where failure to do so could reasonably be expected to have a Material

Adverse Effect with respect to such Borrower; and (b) keep proper books and records in which

full and correct entries shall be made of all material financial transactions of such Borrower and

its Subsidiaries.

6.9     Inspection.  Each Borrower will, and will cause each of its Significant Subsidiaries

to, permit the Agent and the Lenders upon reasonable notice and at such reasonable times and

intervals as the Agent or any Lender may designate by their respective representatives and

agents, to inspect any of the Property, books and financial records of such Borrower and each

such Significant Subsidiary, to examine and make copies of the books of accounts and other

financial records of such Borrower and each such Significant Subsidiary, and to discuss the

affairs, finances and accounts of such Borrower and each such Significant Subsidiary with, and

to be advised as to the same by, their respective officers.

6.10     Merger.  No Borrower will, nor will it permit any of its Significant Subsidiaries

to, merge or consolidate with or into any other Person, except that, so long as both immediately

prior to and after giving effect to such merger or consolidation, no Default or Unmatured Default

with respect to such Borrower shall have occurred and be continuing, (i) any Significant

Subsidiary of a Borrower may merge with such Borrower or a wholly-owned Subsidiary of such

Borrower and (ii) a Borrower may merge or consolidate with any other Person so long as such

Borrower is the surviving entity.  Nothing in this Section 6.10 shall prohibit the Merger

Transactions.

6.11     Sales of Assets.  No Borrower will, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to,

lease, sell or otherwise dispose of any of its assets (other than in the ordinary course of business),

or sell or assign with or without recourse any accounts receivable, except:


(i)


Any Subsidiary of a Borrower may sell, transfer or assign any of its assets to such Borrower or another Subsidiary of such Borrower


(ii)


The sale, assignment or other transfer of accounts receivable or other rights to payment pursuant to any Securitization Transaction.


(iii)


In the case of PHI, any Permitted PHI Asset Sale so long as, at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Default or Unmatured Default with respect to PHI exists.


(iv)


In the case of ACE, any Permitted ACE Asset Sale so long as, at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Default or Unmatured Default with respect to ACE exists.


(v)


In the case of DPL, any Permitted DPL Asset Sale so long as, at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Default or Unmatured Default with respect of DPL exists.


(vi)


So long as no Default or Unmatured Default exists or would result therefrom, the sale of Intangible Transition Property to a Special Purpose Subsidiary in connection with such Special Purpose Subsidiary's issuance of Nonrecourse Transition Bond Debt.


(vii)


In the case of PEPCO, Permitted Pepco Distributions.


(viii)


Any Borrower and its Subsidiaries may sell or otherwise dispose of assets so long as the aggregate amount of all assets sold or otherwise disposed of in any fiscal year of such Borrower (other than assets sold or otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of business or pursuant to clauses (i) through (vii) above) does not exceed a Substantial Portion of the Property of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries.






6.12      Liens.  No Borrower will, nor will it permit any of its Significant Subsidiaries to,

create, incur, or suffer to exist any Lien in, of or on the Property of such Borrower or any such

Significant Subsidiary, except:


(i)


Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or  levies on its Property if  the same shall not at the time be delinquent or thereafter can be paid without penalty, or are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves in accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles shall have been set aside on its books.


(ii)


Liens imposed by law, such as carriers', warehousemen's and mechanics' liens and other similar liens arising in the ordinary course of business which secure payment of obligations not more than 90 days past due or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves shall have been set aside on its books.


(iii)


Liens arising out of pledges or deposits under worker's compensation laws, unemployment insurance, old age pensions, or other social security or retirement benefits, or similar legislation.


(iv)


Utility easements, building restrictions, zoning laws or ordinances and such other encumbrances or charges against real property as are of a nature generally existing with respect to properties of a similar character and which do not in any material way affect the marketability of the same or interfere with the use thereof in the business of such Borrower and its Significant Subsidiaries.


(v)


Liens existing on the date hereof and described in Schedule 5 (including Liens on after-acquired property arising under agreements described in Schedule 5 as such agreements are in effect on the date hereof).


(vi)


Judgment Liens which secure payment of legal obligations that would not constitute a Default with respect to such Borrower under Article 7.


(vii)


Liens on Property acquired by such Borrower or a Significant Subsidiary thereof after the date hereof, existing on such Property at the time of acquisition thereof (and not created in anticipation thereof), provided that in any such case no such Lien shall extend to or cover any other Property of such Borrower or such Significant Subsidiary, as the case may be.


(viii)


Deposits and/or similar arrangements to secure the performance of bids, fuel procurement contracts or other trade contracts (other than for borrowed money), leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business by such Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries.


(ix)


Liens on assets of such Borrower and its Significant Subsidiaries arising out of obligations or duties to any municipality or public authority with respect to any franchise, grant, license, permit or certificate.


(x)


Rights reserved to or vested in any municipality or public authority to control or regulate any property or asset of such Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries or to use such property or asset in a manner which does not materially impair the use of such property or asset for the purposes for which it is held by such Borrower or such Significant Subsidiary.


(xi)


Irregularities in or deficiencies of title to any Property which do not materially affect the use of such property by such Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries in the normal course of its business.


(xii)


Liens securing Indebtedness of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries incurred to finance the acquisition of fixed or capital assets, provided that (i) such Liens shall be created substantially simultaneously with the acquisition of such fixed or capital assets, (ii) such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than the property financed by such Indebtedness, (iii) the principal amount of Indebtedness secured thereby is not increased and (iv) the principal amount of Indebtedness secured by any such Lien shall at no time exceed 100% of the original purchase price of such property at the time it was acquired.


(xiii)


Any Lien on any property or asset of any corporation or other entity existing at the time such corporation or entity is acquired, merged or consolidated or amalgamated with or into such Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary thereof and not created in contemplation of such event.


(xiv)


Liens arising out of the refinancing, extension, renewal or refunding of any Indebtedness secured by any Lien permitted by Section 6.12 (v), (vii), (xii) or (xiii), provided that such Indebtedness is not increased and is not secured by any additional assets.


(xv)


Rights of lessees arising under leases entered into by such Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries as lessor, in the ordinary course of business.


(xvi)


In the case of PHI and PEPCO, Permitted PEPCO Liens.


(xvii)


In the case of PHI and DPL, Permitted DPL Liens


(xviii)


In the case of PHI and ACE, Permitted ACE Liens.


(xix)


In the case of PHI, Permitted PHI Liens.


(xx)


Purchase money mortgages or other purchase money liens or conditional sale,  lease-purchase or other title retention agreements upon or in respect of property acquired or leased for use in the ordinary course of its business by such Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries.


(xxi)


Liens granted by a Special Purpose Subsidiary to secure Nonrecourse Transition Bond Debt of such Special Purpose Subsidiary.


(xxii)


Liens, in addition to those permitted by clauses (i) through (xxi), granted by PHI and its Subsidiaries (other than the Subsidiary Borrowers and their Subsidiaries) to secure Nonrecourse Indebtedness incurred after the date hereof, provided that the aggregate amount of all Indebtedness secured by such Liens shall not at any time exceed $200,000,000.


(xxiii)


Other Liens, in addition to those permitted by clauses (i) through (xxii), securing Indebtedness or arising in connection with Securitization Transactions, provided that the sum (without duplication) of all such Indebtedness, plus the aggregate investment or claim held at any time by all purchasers, assignees or other transferees of (or of interests in) receivables and other rights to payment in all Securitization Transactions (excluding any Nonrecourse Transition Bond Debt),  shall not at any time exceed (a) $500,000,000 for PHI and its Significant Subsidiaries, (b) $300,000,000 for PEPCO and its Significant Subsidiaries, (c) $300,000,000 for DPL and its Significant Subsidiaries and (d) $300,000,000 for ACE and its Significant Subsidiaries.






6.13       Leverage Ratio.   No Borrower will permit the ratio, determined as of the end of

each of its fiscal quarters, of (i) the Total Indebtedness of such Borrower to (ii) the Total

Capitalization of such Borrower to be greater than (a) prior to the 90th day after the issuance of

any Nonrecourse Transition Bond Debt, 0.70 to 1.0 and (b) thereafter, 0.65 to 1.0.

ARTICLE VII

DEFAULTS

The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute a Default with

respect to the Borrower(s) affected thereby (it being understood that (a) any Default with respect

to a Subsidiary Borrower shall also be a Default with respect to PHI; and (b) any Default under

Section 7.10 or 7.12 shall be a Default for all Borrowers):

7.1       Representation or Warranty.  Any representation or warranty made, or deemed

made pursuant to Section 4.2 by or on behalf of such Borrower to the Issuer, the Lenders or the

Agent under or in connection with this Agreement or any certificate or information delivered in

connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document to which such Borrower is a party

shall be materially false on the date as of which made.

7.2       Nonpayment.  Nonpayment of the principal of any Loan to such Borrower when

due; nonpayment of any Reimbursement Obligation of such Borrower within one Business Day

after the same becomes due; or nonpayment by such Borrower of any interest on any Loan to

such Borrower, or of any facility fee, utilization fee, letter of credit fee or other obligation

payable by such Borrower under any of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, within five

days after the same becomes due.

7.3       Certain Covenant Breaches.  The breach by such Borrower of any of the terms or

provisions of Section 6.2, 6.4 (as to the existence of such Borrower), 6.10, 6.11, 6.12 or 6.13.

7.4       Other Breaches.  The breach by such Borrower (other than a breach which

constitutes a Default with respect to such Borrower under another Section of this Article VII) of

any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement which is not remedied within 15 days (or, in the

case of Section 6.9, five Business Days) after the chief executive officer, the chief financial

officer, the President, the Treasurer or any Assistant Treasurer of such Borrower obtains actual

knowledge of such breach.

7.5       Cross Default.  Failure of such Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries to

pay when due any Indebtedness aggregating in excess of $50,000,000 ("Material Indebtedness");

or the default by such Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries in the performance (beyond

the applicable grace period with respect thereto, if any) of any term, provision or condition

contained in any agreement under which any such Material Indebtedness was created or is

governed, or any other event shall occur or condition exist, the effect of which default or event is

to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Material Indebtedness to cause, such Material

Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity; or any Material Indebtedness of such

Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall be declared to be due and payable or

required to be prepaid or repurchased (other than by a regularly scheduled payment) prior to the

stated maturity thereof; or such Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall not pay, or

admit in writing its inability to pay, its debts generally as they become due.

7.6       Voluntary Bankruptcy, etc.  Such Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries

shall (i) have an order for relief entered with respect to it under the Federal bankruptcy laws as

now or hereafter in effect, (ii) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iii) apply for,

seek, consent to, or acquiesce in, the appointment of a receiver, custodian, trustee, examiner,

liquidator or similar official for it or a Substantial Portion of its Property, (iv) institute any

proceeding seeking an order for relief under the Federal bankruptcy laws as now or hereafter in

effect or seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking dissolution, winding up,

liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of it or its debts under any

law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors or fail to file an

answer or other pleading denying the material allegations of any such proceeding filed against it,

(v) take any corporate, partnership or limited liability company action to authorize or effect any

of the foregoing actions set forth in this Section 7.6 or (vi) fail to contest in good faith any

appointment or proceeding described in Section 7.7.

7.7       Involuntary Bankruptcy, etc.  Without the application, approval or consent of such

Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, a receiver, trustee, examiner, liquidator or similar

official shall be appointed for such Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries or a

Substantial Portion of its Property, or a proceeding described in Section 7.6(iv) shall be instituted

against such Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries and such appointment continues

undischarged or such proceeding continues undismissed or unstayed for a period of 30

consecutive days.

7.8       Seizure of Property, etc.  Any court, government or governmental agency shall

condemn, seize or otherwise appropriate, or take custody or control of, all or any portion of the

Property of such Borrower and its Significant Subsidiaries which, when taken together with all

other Property of such Borrower and its Significant Subsidiaries so condemned, seized,

appropriated, or taken custody or control of, constitutes a Substantial Portion of its Property.

7.9       Judgments.  Such Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall fail within

60 days to pay, bond or otherwise discharge one or more (i) judgments or orders for the payment

of money in excess of $50,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in currencies other than U.S.

Dollars) in the aggregate or (ii) nonmonetary judgments or orders which, individually or in the

aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to such

Borrower, and, in any such case, there is a period of five consecutive days during which a stay of

enforcement of such judgment(s) or order(s) is not in effect (by reason of pending appeal or

otherwise).

7.10      ERISA.  (i) Any Person shall engage in any "prohibited transaction" (as defined

in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) involving any Plan, (ii) any "accumulated

funding deficiency" (as defined in Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived, shall exist

with respect to any Plan or any Lien in favor of the PBGC or a Plan shall arise on the assets of

any Borrower or any other member of the Controlled Group, (iii) a Reportable Event shall occur

with respect to, or proceedings shall commence to have a trustee appointed, or a trustee shall be

appointed, to administer or to terminate, any Single Employer Plan, which Reportable Event or

commencement of proceedings or appointment of a trustee is, in the reasonable opinion of the

Required Lenders, likely to result in the termination of such Plan for purposes of Title IV of

ERISA, (iv) any other member of the Plan shall terminate for purposes of Title IV of ERISA,

(v) any Borrower or any other member of the Controlled Group shall, or in the reasonable

opinion of the Required Lenders is likely to, incur any liability in connection with a withdrawal

from, or the insolvency or reorganization of, a Multiemployer Plan or (vi) any other event or

condition shall occur or exist with respect to a Plan; and in each case referred to in clauses (i)

through (vi) above, such event or condition, together with all other such events or conditions, if

any, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to any

Borrower.

7.11      Unenforceability of Loan Documents.  Any Loan Document shall cease to be in

full force and effect (other than, in the case of a Note, as contemplated hereby), any action shall

be taken by or on behalf of a Borrower to discontinue or to assert the invalidity or

unenforceability of any of its obligations under any Loan Document, or any Borrower or any

Person acting on behalf of a Borrower shall deny that such Borrower has any further liability

under any Loan Document or shall give notice to such effect.

7.12       Change in Control.  Any Change in Control shall occur; or at any time after the

consummation of the Merger Transactions, PHI shall fail to own, directly or indirectly, 100% of

the Voting Stock of each Subsidiary Borrower.

ARTICLE VIII

ACCELERATION, WAIVERS, AMENDMENTS AND REMEDIES

8.1       Acceleration.  If any Default described in Section 7.6 or 7.7 occurs with respect to

a Borrower, the obligations of the Lenders (including the Issuer) to make Credit Extensions to

such Borrower hereunder shall automatically terminate and the Obligations of such Borrower

shall immediately become due and payable without any election or action on the part of the

Agent or any Lender.  If any other Default occurs with respect to a Borrower, the Required

Lenders (or the Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) may terminate or suspend the

obligations of the Lenders (including the Issuer) to make Credit Extensions to such Borrower

hereunder, or declare the Obligations of such Borrower to be due and payable, or both,

whereupon such obligations of the Lenders (including the Issuer) shall terminate and/or the

Obligations of such Borrower shall become immediately due and payable, without presentment,

demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which each Borrower hereby expressly waives.

If, within 30 days after termination of the obligations of the Lenders to make Credit

Extensions to any Borrower hereunder or acceleration of the maturity of the Obligations of any

Borrower as a result of any Default (other than any Default as described in Section 7.6 or 7.7)

with respect to such Borrower and before any judgment or decree for the payment of the

Obligations due shall have been obtained or entered, the Required Lenders (in their sole

discretion) shall so direct, the Agent shall, by notice to such Borrower, rescind and annul such

termination and/or acceleration.

8.2       Amendments.  Subject to the provisions of this Article VIII, the Required Lenders

(or the Agent with the consent in writing of the Required Lenders) and the Borrowers may enter

into agreements supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding or modifying any provisions to

this Agreement changing in any manner the rights of the Lenders or any Borrower hereunder or

waiving any Default or Unmatured Default hereunder; provided that no such supplemental

agreement shall, without the consent of all of the Lenders:


(i)


Extend the final maturity of any Loan or Reimbursement Obligation or forgive all or any portion of the principal amount thereof, or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of interest thereon or on any facility fees, utilization fees or letter of credit fees.


(ii)


Reduce the percentage specified in the definition of Required Lenders.


(iii)


Extend the Facility Termination Date for any Borrower, increase the amount of the Commitment of any Lender hereunder, increase any Sublimit or permit any Borrower to assign its rights under this Agreement.





(iv)     Amend this Section 8.2.

No amendment of any provision of this Agreement relating to the Agent shall be effective

without the written consent of the Agent.  No amendment of this Agreement relating to the Issuer

shall be effective without the written consent of the Issuer.  The Agent may waive payment of

the fee required under Section 12.3.2 without obtaining the consent of any other party to this

Agreement.

8.3      Preservation of Rights.  No delay or omission of the Agent, the Issuer or the

Lenders to exercise any right under the Loan Documents shall impair such right or be construed

to be a waiver of any Default or Unmatured Default or an acquiescence therein, and the making

of a Credit Extension notwithstanding the existence of a Default or Unmatured Default or the

inability of the applicable Borrower to satisfy the conditions precedent to such Credit Extension

shall not constitute any waiver or acquiescence.  Any single or partial exercise of any such right

shall not preclude other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, and no

waiver, amendment or other variation of the terms, conditions or provisions of any Loan

Document whatsoever shall be valid unless in writing signed by the parties required pursuant to

Section 8.2 and then only to the extent in such writing specifically set forth.  All remedies

contained in the Loan Documents or by law afforded shall be cumulative and all shall be

available to the Agent, the Issuer and the Lenders until the Obligations have been paid in full.

ARTICLE IX

GENERAL PROVISIONS

9.1       Survival of Representations.  All representations and warranties of the Borrowers

contained in this Agreement shall survive the making of the Credit Extensions herein

contemplated.

9.2       Governmental Regulation.  Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary

notwithstanding, no Lender shall be obligated to extend credit to any Borrower in violation of

any limitation or prohibition provided by any applicable statute or regulation.

9.3       Headings.  Section headings in the Loan Documents are for convenience of

reference only, and shall not govern the interpretation of any of the provisions of the Loan

Documents.

9.4       Entire Agreement.  The Loan Documents embody the entire agreement and

understanding among the Borrowers, the Agent and the Lenders and supersede all prior

agreements and understandings among the Borrowers, the Agent and the Lenders relating to the

subject matter thereof.

9.5       Several Obligations; Benefits of this Agreement.  The respective obligations of

the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint and no Lender shall be the partner or agent of any

other (except to the extent to which the Agent is authorized to act as such).  The failure of any

Lender to perform any of its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of

its obligations hereunder.  This Agreement shall not be construed so as to confer any right or

benefit upon any Person other than the parties to this Agreement and their respective successors

and assigns, provided that the parties hereto expressly agree that the Arranger shall enjoy the

benefits of the provisions of Sections 9.6, 9.10 and 10.11 to the extent specifically set forth

therein and shall have the right to enforce such provisions on its own behalf and in its own name

to the same extent as if it were a party to this Agreement.

9.6       Expenses; Indemnification.

(i)        PHI shall reimburse the Agent and the Arranger for all reasonable costs, internal

charges and out of pocket expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and time charges of

attorneys for the Agent, which attorneys may be employees of the Agent) paid or incurred by the

Agent or the Arranger in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery,

syndication, review, amendment, modification and administration of the Loan Documents.  Each

Borrower agrees to reimburse the Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders for all reasonable costs,

internal charges and out of pocket expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and time

charges of attorneys for the Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders, which attorneys may be

employees of the Agent, the Arranger or a Lender) paid or incurred by the Agent, the Arranger

or any Lender in connection with the collection and enforcement of the Obligations of such

Borrower under the Loan Documents (including in any "work-out" or restructuring of the

Obligations of such Borrower resulting from the occurrence of a Default with respect to such

Borrower).

(ii)       Each Borrower agrees to indemnify the Agent, the Arranger, each Lender, their

respective affiliates, and each of the directors, officers and employees of the foregoing Persons

(collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") against all losses, claims, damages, penalties,

judgments, liabilities and reasonable expenses (including all reasonable expenses of litigation or

preparation therefor whether or not any Indemnified Party is a party thereto) which any of them

may pay or incur arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the

transactions contemplated hereby or the direct or indirect application or proposed application of

the proceeds of any Credit Extension hereunder except to the extent that they are determined in a

final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the

gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnified Party seeking indemnification;

provided that no Subsidiary Borrower shall have any obligation with respect to any of the

foregoing to the extent allocable solely to PHI or another Subsidiary Borrower.  The obligations

of the Borrowers under this Section 9.6 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

9.7       Numbers of Documents.  All statements, notices, closing documents and requests

hereunder shall be furnished to the Agent with sufficient counterparts so that the Agent may

furnish one to each of the Lenders.

9.8       Disclosure.  The Borrowers and the Lenders hereby (i) acknowledge and agree

that Bank One and/or its Affiliates from time to time may hold investments in, make other loans

to or have other relationships with the Borrowers and their Affiliates and (ii) waive any liability

of Bank One or any of its Affiliates to any Borrower or any Lender, respectively, arising out of

or resulting from such investments, loans or relationships other than liabilities arising out of the

gross negligence or willful misconduct of Bank One or its Affiliates.

9.9       Severability of Provisions.  Any provision in any Loan Document that is held to

be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be

inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid without affecting the remaining provisions in that

jurisdiction or the operation, enforceability, or validity of that provision in any other jurisdiction,

and to this end the provisions of all Loan Documents are declared to be severable.

9.10     Nonliability of Lenders.  The relationship between the Borrowers on the one hand

and the Lenders and the Agent on the other hand shall be solely that of borrower and lender.

Neither the Agent, the Arranger nor any Lender shall have any fiduciary responsibilities to any

Borrower.  Neither the Agent, the Arranger nor any Lender undertakes any responsibility to any

Borrower to review or inform such Borrower of any matter in connection with any phase of such

Borrower's business or operations.  Each Borrower agrees that neither the Agent, the Arranger

nor any Lender shall have liability to such Borrower (whether sounding in tort, contract or

otherwise) for losses suffered by such Borrower in connection with, arising out of, or in any way

related to, the transactions contemplated and the relationship established by the Loan

Documents, or any act, omission or event occurring in connection therewith, unless it is

determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction that such

losses resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the party from which recovery

is sought.  Neither the Agent, the Arranger nor any Lender shall have any liability with respect

to, and each Borrower hereby waives, releases and agrees not to sue for, any special, indirect or

consequential damages suffered by such Borrower in connection with, arising out of, or in any

way related to the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby.

9.11     Confidentiality.  Each Lender agrees to hold any confidential information which it

may receive from any Borrower pursuant to this Agreement in confidence, except for disclosure

(i) to its Affiliates and to other Lenders and their respective Affiliates, (ii) to legal counsel,

accountants and other professional advisors to such Lender or to a Transferee who agrees to be

bound by the confidentiality restrictions set forth in this Section, (iii) to regulatory officials

having jurisdiction over such Lender, (iv) to any Person as required by law, regulation or legal

process, (v) to any Person in connection with any legal proceeding relating to this Agreement to

which such Lender is a party, (vi) to such Lender's direct or indirect contractual counterparties in

swap agreements who agree to be bound by the confidentiality restrictions set forth in this

Section and to legal counsel, accountants and other professional advisors to such counterparties,

(vii) permitted by Section 12.4, (viii) to rating agencies if required by such agencies in

connection with a rating relating to the Credit Extensions hereunder, and (ix) to the extent

required in connection with the exercise of any remedy or any enforcement of this Agreement by

such Lender or the Agent.

9.12      Nonreliance.  Each Lender hereby represents that it is not relying on or looking to

any margin stock (as defined in Regulation U of the FRB) for the repayment of the Credit

Extensions provided for herein.

9.13      Termination of Existing Credit Facilities.  Lenders which are parties to the

Existing Credit Facilities (and which constitute "Majority Lenders" or "Required Lenders" under

and as defined in each Existing Credit Facility) hereby waive any advance notice requirement for

terminating the commitments under the Existing Credit Facilities, and the applicable Borrower

and applicable Lenders agree that each Existing Credit Facility shall be terminated on the date of

the initial Credit Extension hereunder (except for any provisions thereof which by their terms

survive termination thereof).

ARTICLE X

THE AGENT

10.1      Appointment; Nature of Relationship.  Bank One, NA is hereby appointed by

each of the Lenders as its contractual representative (herein referred to as the "Agent") hereunder

and under each other Loan Document, and each of the Lenders irrevocably authorizes the Agent

to act as the contractual representative of such Lender with the rights and duties expressly set

forth herein and in the other Loan Documents.  The Agent agrees to act as such contractual

representative upon the express conditions contained in this Article X.  Notwithstanding the use

of the defined term "Agent," it is expressly understood and agreed that the Agent shall not have

any fiduciary responsibilities to any Lender by reason of this Agreement or any other Loan

Document and that the Agent is merely acting as the contractual representative of the Lenders

with only those duties as are expressly set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan

Documents.  In its capacity as the Lenders' contractual representative, the Agent (i) does not

hereby assume any fiduciary duties to any of the Lenders, (ii) is a "representative" of the Lenders

within the meaning of Section 9-105 of the Uniform Commercial Code and (iii) is acting as an

independent contractor, the rights and duties of which are limited to those expressly set forth in

this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  Each of the Lenders hereby agrees to assert no

claim against the Agent on any agency theory or any other theory of liability for breach of

fiduciary duty, all of which claims each Lender hereby waives.

10.2      Powers.  The Agent shall have and may exercise such powers under the Loan

Documents as are specifically delegated to the Agent by the terms of each thereof, together with

such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.  The Agent shall have no implied duties to the

Lenders, or any obligation to the Lenders to take any action hereunder or under any other Loan

Document except any action specifically provided by the Loan Documents to be taken by the

Agent.

10.3      General Immunity.  Neither the Agent nor any of its directors, officers, agents or

employees shall be liable to any Borrower or any Lender for any action taken or omitted to be

taken by it or them hereunder or under any other Loan Document or in connection herewith or

therewith except to the extent such action or inaction is determined in a final non-appealable

judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen from the gross negligence or willful

misconduct of such Person.

10.4      No Responsibility for Loans Recitals etc.  Neither the Agent nor any of its

directors, officers, agents or employees shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain,

inquire into, or verify (a) any statement, warranty or representation made in connection with any

Loan Document or any borrowing hereunder; (b) the performance or observance of any of the

covenants or agreements of any obligor under any Loan Document, including any agreement by

an obligor to furnish information directly to each Lender; (c) the satisfaction of any condition

specified in Article IV, except receipt of items required to be delivered solely to the Agent; (d)

the existence or possible existence of any Default or Unmatured Default; or (e) the validity,

enforceability, effectiveness, sufficiency or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other

instrument or writing furnished in connection therewith.  The Agent shall have no duty to

disclose to the Lenders information that is not required to be furnished by a Borrower to the

Agent at such time, but is voluntarily furnished by such Borrower to the Agent (either in its

capacity as Agent or in its individual capacity).

10.5      Action on Instructions of Lenders.  The Agent shall in all cases be fully protected

in acting, or in refraining from acting, hereunder and under any other Loan Document in

accordance with written instructions signed by the Required Lenders (or, when expressly

required hereunder, all of the Lenders), and such instructions and any action taken or failure to

act pursuant thereto shall be binding on all of the Lenders.  The Lenders hereby acknowledge

that the Agent shall be under no duty to take any discretionary action permitted to be taken by it

pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document unless it shall be

requested in writing to do so by the Required Lenders.  The Agent shall be fully justified in

failing or refusing to take any action hereunder and under any other Loan Document unless it

shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders pro rata against any and all liability,

cost and expense that it may incur by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action.

10.6.     Employment of Agents and Counsel.  The Agent may execute any of its duties as

Agent hereunder and under any other Loan Document by or through employees, agents and

attorneys in fact and shall not be answerable to the Lenders, except as to money or securities

received by it or its authorized agents, for the default or misconduct of any such agents or

attorneys in fact selected by it with reasonable care.  The Agent shall be entitled to advice of

counsel concerning the contractual arrangement between the Agent and the Lenders and all

matters pertaining to the Agent's duties hereunder and under any other Loan Document.

10.7      Reliance on Documents; Counsel.  The Agent shall be entitled to rely upon any

Note, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telegram, statement, paper or document

believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed or sent by the proper person or

persons, and, in respect to legal matters, upon the opinion of counsel selected by the Agent,

which counsel may be employees of the Agent.

10.8      Agent's Reimbursement and Indemnification.  The Lenders agree to reimburse

and indemnify the Agent ratably in proportion to their respective Commitments (or, if the

Commitments have been terminated, in proportion to their Commitments immediately prior to

such termination) (i) for any amounts not reimbursed by any Borrower for which the Agent is

entitled to reimbursement by such Borrower under the Loan Documents, (ii) for any other

expenses incurred by the Agent on behalf of the Lenders, in connection with the preparation,

execution, delivery, administration and enforcement of the Loan Documents (including for any

expenses incurred by the Agent in connection with any dispute between the Agent and any

Lender or between two or more of the Lenders) and (iii) for any liabilities, obligations, losses,

damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind and

nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Agent in any

way relating to or arising out of the Loan Documents or any document delivered in connection

therewith or the transactions contemplated thereby (including for any such amounts incurred by

or asserted against the Agent in connection with any dispute between the Agent and any Lender

or between two or more of the Lenders), or the enforcement of any of the terms of the Loan

Documents or of any such other documents, provided that (i) no Lender shall be liable for any of

the foregoing to the extent any of the foregoing is found in a final non-appealable judgment by a

court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct

of the Agent and (ii) any indemnification required pursuant to Section 3.5(vii) shall,

notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 10.8, be paid by the relevant Lender in accordance

with the provisions thereof.  The obligations of the Lenders under this Section 10.8 shall survive

payment of the Obligations and termination of this Agreement.

10.9     Notice of Default.  The Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of

the occurrence of any Default or Unmatured Default hereunder (except for failure of a Borrower

to pay any amount required to be paid to the Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders)

unless the Agent has received written notice from a Lender or a Borrower referring to this

Agreement, describing such Default or Unmatured Default and stating that such notice is a

"notice of default".  In the event that the Agent receives such a notice, the Agent shall give

prompt notice thereof to all Lenders.

10.10    Rights as a Lender.  In the event the Agent is a Lender, the Agent shall have the

same rights and powers hereunder and under any other Loan Document with respect to its

Commitment, its Loans and its interest in the LC Obligations as any Lender and may exercise the

same as though it were not the Agent, and the term "Lender" or "Lenders" shall, at any time

when the Agent is a Lender, unless the context otherwise indicates, include the Agent in its

individual capacity.  The Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, and

generally engage in any kind of trust, debt, equity or other transaction, in addition to those

contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document, with any Borrower or any of its

Subsidiaries in which such Borrower or such Subsidiary is not restricted hereby from engaging

with any other Person.  The Agent in its individual capacity is not obligated to remain a Lender.

10.11      Lender Credit Decision.  Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently

and without reliance upon the Agent, the Arranger or any other Lender and based on the

financial statements prepared by the Borrowers and such other documents and information as it

has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement

and the other Loan Documents.  Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and

without reliance upon the Agent, the Arranger or any other Lender and based on such documents

and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit

decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

10.12    Successor Agent.  The Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice

thereof to the Lenders and PHI, such resignation to be effective upon the appointment of a

successor Agent or, if no successor Agent has been appointed, forty-five days after the retiring

Agent gives notice of its intention to resign.  The Agent may be removed at any time with or

without cause by written notice received by the Agent from the Required Lenders, such removal

to be effective on the date specified by the Required Lenders.  Upon any such resignation or

removal, the Required Lenders shall have the right (with, so long as no Default or Unmatured

Default exists with respect to any Borrower, the consent of PHI, which shall not be unreasonably

withheld or delayed) to appoint, on behalf of the Borrowers and the Lenders, a successor Agent.

If no successor Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders within thirty days

after the resigning Agent's giving notice of its intention to resign, then the resigning Agent may

appoint, on behalf of the Borrowers and the Lenders, a successor Agent.  Notwithstanding the

previous sentence, the Agent may at any time without the consent of any Lender but with the

consent of PHI, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, appoint any of its Affiliates which is

a commercial bank as a successor Agent hereunder.  If the Agent has resigned or been removed

and no successor Agent has been appointed, the Lenders may perform all the duties of the Agent

hereunder and the Borrowers shall make all payments in respect of their respective Obligations

to the applicable Lender and for all other purposes shall deal directly with the Lenders.  No

successor Agent shall be deemed to be appointed hereunder until such successor Agent has

accepted the appointment.  Any such successor Agent shall be a commercial bank having capital

and retained earnings of at least $100,000,000.  Upon the acceptance of any appointment as

Agent hereunder by a successor Agent, such successor Agent shall thereupon succeed to and

become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the resigning or removed

Agent.  Upon the effectiveness of the resignation or removal of the Agent, the resigning or

removed Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the Loan

Documents.  After the effectiveness of the resignation or removal of an Agent, the provisions of

this Article X shall continue in effect for the benefit of such Agent in respect of any actions taken

or omitted to be taken by it while it was acting as the Agent hereunder and under the other Loan

Documents.  In the event that there is a successor to the Agent (by merger or resignation or

removal), or the Agent assigns its duties and obligations to an Affiliate pursuant to this Section

10.12, then the term "Prime Rate" as used in this Agreement shall mean the prime rate, base rate

or other analogous rate of the new Agent.  Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this

Section 10.12, the Agent may not be removed by the Required Lenders unless the Agent (in its

individual capacity) is concurrently removed from its duties and responsibilities as the Issuer.

10.13    Agent's Fee.  The Borrowers agree to pay to the Agent and the Arranger, for their

own respective accounts, the fees agreed to by the Borrowers, the Agent and the Arranger

pursuant to the letter agreement dated March 19, 2002, among such parties or as otherwise

agreed to from time to time.

10.14    Delegation to Affiliates.  The Borrowers and the Lenders agree that the Agent

may delegate any of its duties under this Agreement to any of its Affiliates.  Any such Affiliate

(and such Affiliate's directors, officers, agents and employees) which performs duties in

connection with this Agreement shall be entitled to the same benefits of the indemnification,

waiver and other protective provisions to which the Agent is entitled under Articles IX and X.

10.15     Other Agents.  None of the Lenders identified on the cover page of this

Agreement or otherwise herein as being the "Syndication Agent" or a "Co-Documentation

Agent" (collectively, the "Other Agents") shall have any right, power, obligation, liability,

responsibility or duty under this Agreement other than those applicable to all Lenders.  Each

Lender acknowledges that it has not relied, and will not rely, on any of the Other Agents in

deciding to enter into this Agreement or in taking or refraining from taking any action hereunder

or pursuant hereto.

ARTICLE XI

SETOFF; RATABLE PAYMENTS

11.1    Setoff.  In addition to, and without limitation of, any rights of the Lenders under

applicable law, if any Borrower becomes insolvent, however evidenced, or any Default occurs

with respect to such Borrower, any and all deposits (including all account balances, whether

provisional or final and whether or not collected or available) and any other Indebtedness at any

time held or owing by any Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender to or for the credit or account of

such Borrower may be offset and applied toward the payment of the Obligations of such

Borrower owing to such Lender, whether or not the Obligations, or any part thereof, shall then be

due.

11.2    Ratable Payments.  If any Lender, whether by setoff or otherwise, has payment

made to it upon the Outstanding Credit Extensions owed to it by any Borrower (other than

payments received pursuant to Section 3.1, 3.2, 3.4 or 3.5 and payments made to the Issuer in

respect of Reimbursement Obligations so long as the Lenders have not funded their

participations therein) in a greater proportion than that received by any other Lender, such

Lender agrees, promptly upon demand, to purchase a portion of the Outstanding Credit

Extensions owed by such Borrower to the other Lenders so that after such purchase each Lender

will hold its ratable proportion of all of such Borrower's Outstanding Credit Extensions.  If any

Lender, whether in connection with setoff or amounts which might be subject to setoff or

otherwise, receives collateral or other protection for the Outstanding Credit Extensions owed by

it to any Borrower or such amounts which may be subject to setoff, such Lender agrees,

promptly upon demand, to take such action necessary such that all Lenders share in the benefits

of such collateral ratably in proportion to the Outstanding Credit Extensions owed to each of

them by such Borrower.  In case any such payment is disturbed by legal process, or otherwise,

appropriate further adjustments shall be made.

ARTICLE XII

BENEFIT OF AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS

12.1    Successors and Assigns.  The terms and provisions of the Loan Documents shall

be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrowers and the Lenders and their respective

successors and assigns, except that (i) no Borrower shall have the right to assign its rights or

obligations under the Loan Documents and (ii) any assignment by any Lender must be made in

compliance with Section 12.3.  The parties to this Agreement acknowledge that clause (ii) of the

preceding sentence relates only to absolute assignments and does not prohibit assignments

creating security interests, including any pledge or assignment by any Lender of all or any

portion of its rights under this Agreement and any Note to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that

no such pledge or assignment creating a security interest shall release the transferor Lender from

its obligations hereunder unless and until the parties thereto have complied with the provisions of

Section 12.3.  The Agent may treat the Person which made any Loan or which holds any Note as

the owner thereof for all purposes hereof unless and until such Person complies with Section

12.3; provided that the Agent may in its discretion (but shall not be required to) follow

instructions from the Person which made any Loan or which holds any Note to direct payments

relating to such Loan or Note to another Person.  Any assignee of the rights to any Loan or any

Note agrees by acceptance of such assignment to be bound by all the terms and provisions of the

Loan Documents.  Any request, authority or consent of any Person, who at the time of making

such request or giving such authority or consent is the owner of the rights to any Loan (whether

or not a Note has been issued in evidence thereof), shall be conclusive and binding on any

subsequent holder or assignee of the rights to such Loan.

12.2      Participations.

12.2.1        Permitted Participants; Effect.  Upon giving notice to but without obtaining

the consent of any Borrower, any Lender may, in the ordinary course of its business and in

accordance with applicable law, at any time sell to one or more banks or other entities

("Participants") participating interests in any Obligations owing to such Lender, any Note held

by such Lender, any Commitment of such Lender or any other interest of such Lender under the

Loan Documents.  In the event of any such sale by a Lender of participating interests to a

Participant, such Lender's obligations under the Loan Documents shall remain unchanged, such

Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such

obligations, such Lender shall remain the owner of the Obligations owing to such Lender and the

holder of any Note issued to it for all purposes under the Loan Documents, all amounts payable

by each Borrower under this Agreement shall be determined as if such Lender had not sold such

participating interests, and the Borrowers, the Issuer and the Agent shall continue to deal solely

and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender's rights and obligations under the

Loan Documents.

12.2.2        Voting Rights.  Each Lender shall retain the sole right to approve, without the

consent of any Participant, any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of the Loan

Documents other than any amendment, modification or waiver which extends the Facility

Termination Date for any Borrower or the final maturity of any Loan or Reimbursement

Obligation in which such Participant has an interest or forgives all or any portion of the principal

amount thereof, or reduces the rate or extends the time of payment of interest thereon or on any

facility fees, utilization fees or letter of credit fees.

12.2.3        Benefit of Setoff.  The Borrowers agree that each Participant shall be deemed

to have the right of setoff provided in Section 11.1 in respect of its participating interest in

amounts owing under the Loan Documents to the same extent as if the amount of its participating

interest were owing directly to it as a Lender under the Loan Documents, provided that each

Lender shall retain the right of setoff provided in Section 11.1 with respect to the amount of

participating interests sold to each Participant.  The Lenders agree to share with each Participant,

and each Participant, by exercising the right of setoff provided in Section 11.1, agrees to share

with each Lender, any amount received pursuant to the exercise of its right of setoff, such

amounts to be shared in accordance with Section 11.2 as if each Participant were a Lender.

12.3   Assignments.

12.3.1        Permitted Assignments.  Any Lender may, in the ordinary course of its

business and in accordance with applicable law, at any time assign to one or more banks or other

entities ("Purchasers") all or any part of its rights and obligations under the Loan Documents.

Such assignment shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B or in such other form as may be

agreed to by the parties thereto.  The consent of PHI and the Agent shall be required prior to an

assignment becoming effective with respect to a Purchaser which is not a Lender or an Affiliate

thereof; provided that if a Default exists with respect to any Borrower, the consent of PHI shall

not be required.  Such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.  Each such

assignment with respect to a Purchaser which is not a Lender or an Affiliate thereof shall (unless

each of PHI and the Agent otherwise consent) be in an amount not less than the lesser of (i)

$5,000,000 or (ii) the remaining amount of the assigning Lender's Commitment (calculated as at

the date of such assignment) or outstanding Loans and participations in LC Obligations (to the

extent such Commitment has been terminated).  Each assignment shall be of a constant, and not a

varying, percentage of all of the assigning Lender's interests in the Obligations of, and

Commitment to, all Borrowers.

12.3.2        Effect; Effective Date.  Upon (i) delivery to the Agent of an Assignment

Agreement, together with any consents required by Section 12.3.1, and (ii) payment of a $3,500

fee to the Agent for processing such assignment (unless such fee is waived by the Agent), such

Assignment Agreement shall become effective on the effective date specified in such

Assignment Agreement.  On and after the effective date of such Assignment Agreement, such

Purchaser shall for all purposes be a Lender party to this Agreement and any other Loan

Document executed by or on behalf of the Lenders and shall have all the rights and obligations

of a Lender under the Loan Documents, to the same extent as if it were an original party hereto,

and no further consent or action by the Borrowers, the Lenders or the Agent shall be required to

release the transferor Lender with respect to the percentage of the Aggregate Commitment and

Obligations assigned to such Purchaser.  Upon the consummation of any assignment to a

Purchaser pursuant to this Section 12.3.2, the transferor Lender, the Agent and the Borrowers

shall, if the transferor Lender or the Purchaser desires that its Loans be evidenced by Notes,

make appropriate arrangements so that new Notes or, as appropriate, replacement Notes are

issued to such transferor Lender and new Notes or, as appropriate, replacement Notes, are issued

to such Purchaser.

12.4    Dissemination of Information.  The Borrowers authorize each Lender to disclose

to any Participant or Purchaser or any other Person acquiring an interest in the Loan Documents

by operation of law (each a "Transferee") and any prospective Transferee any and all information

in such Lender's possession concerning the creditworthiness of the Borrowers and their

respective Subsidiaries, including any information contained in any Public Reports; provided that

each Transferee and prospective Transferee agrees to be bound by Section 9.11 of this

Agreement.

12.5    Grant of Funding Option to SPC.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary

contained herein, any Lender (a "Granting Lender") may grant to a special purpose funding

vehicle (an "SPC"), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the

Agent and PHI, the option to provide to any Borrower all or any part of any Loan that such

Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make to such Borrower pursuant to this

Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to make

any Loan and (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or

any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the

terms hereof.  The making of a Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the

Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Lender.

Each party hereto agrees that no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment

obligation under this Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Lender).

In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto agrees (which agreement shall survive the

termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the

payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior indebtedness of any SPC, it

will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, such SPC any

bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding under the laws of

the United States or any State thereof.  In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary

contained in this Section 12.5, any SPC may (a) with notice to, but without the prior written

consent of, PHI and the Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or a

portion of its interests in any Loan to the Granting Lender or to any financial institution

(consented to by PHI and the Agent) providing liquidity and/or credit support to or for the

account of such SPC to support the funding or maintenance of Loans and (b) disclose on a

confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Loans to any rating agency,

commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement

to such SPC.

12.6    Tax Treatment.  If any interest in any Loan Document is transferred to any

Transferee which is organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States or

any State thereof, the transferor Lender shall cause such Transferee, concurrently with the

effectiveness of such transfer, to comply with the provisions of Section 3.5(iv).

ARTICLE XIII

NOTICES

13.1    Notices.  Except as otherwise permitted by Section 2.14, all notices, requests and

other communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing (including facsimile

transmission or, subject to Section 13.3, electronic mail or posting on a website) and shall,

subject to the last paragraph of Section 6.1, be given to such party at (i) in the case of any

Borrower or the Agent, its address, facsimile number or electronic mail address set forth on the

signature pages hereof or such other address, facsimile number or electronic mail address as it

may hereafter specify for such purpose by notice to the other parties hereto; and (ii) in the case of

any Lender, at the address, facsimile number or electronic mail address set forth in its

Administrative Questionnaire or such other address, facsimile number or electronic mail address

as such Lender may hereafter specify for such purpose by notice to the Borrowers and the Agent.

Subject to the last paragraph of Section 6.1, each such notice, request or other communication

shall be effective (i) if given by facsimile transmission, when transmitted to the facsimile number

specified pursuant to this Section and confirmation of receipt is received, (ii) if given by mail,

three Business Days after such communication is deposited in the mails with first class postage

prepaid, addressed as aforesaid, or (iii) if given by any other means, when delivered (or, in the

case of electronic mail, received) at the address specified pursuant to this Section; provided that

notices to the Agent under Article II shall not be effective until received.

13.2    Notices to and by Subsidiary Borrowers.  Each Subsidiary Borrower (a) authorizes

PHI to send and receive notices on behalf of such Subsidiary Borrower hereunder and

(b) irrevocably agrees that any notice to PHI which is effective pursuant to Section 13.1 shall

be conclusively deemed to have been received by such Subsidiary Borrower.

13.3    Limited Use of Electronic Mail.  Electronic mail and internet and intranet

websites may be used to distribute routine communications, such as financial statements and

other information as provided in Section 6.1, and to distribute Loan Documents for execution by

the parties thereto, but not for purposes of other notices hereunder.

ARTICLE XIV

COUNTERPARTS

This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken

together shall constitute one agreement, and any of the parties hereto may execute this

Agreement by signing any such counterpart.  This Agreement shall be effective when it has been

executed by the Borrowers, the Agent and the Lenders and each party has notified the Agent by

facsimile transmission or telephone that it has taken such action.

CHOICE OF LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL

15.1    CHOICE OF LAW.  THE LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN

ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS (INCLUDING SECTION 5.1401.7 OF THE

GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW, BUT OTHERWISE WITHOUT REGARD TO THE

CONFLICT OF LAWS PROVISIONS THEREOF) OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BUT

GIVING EFFECT TO FEDERAL LAWS APPLICABLE TO NATIONAL BANKS.

15.2    CONSENT TO JURISDICTION.  EACH BORROWER HEREBY

IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY

UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR NEW YORK STATE COURT SITTING IN NEW

YORK, NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR

RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT, AND EACH BORROWER HEREBY

IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR

PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN ANY SUCH COURT AND

IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE

AS TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN

SUCH A COURT OR THAT SUCH COURT IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.

NOTHING HEREIN SHALL LIMIT THE RIGHT OF THE AGENT OR ANY LENDER

TO BRING PROCEEDINGS AGAINST A BORROWER IN THE COURTS OF ANY

OTHER JURISDICTION.  ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING BY A BORROWER

AGAINST THE AGENT OR ANY LENDER OR ANY AFFILIATE OF THE AGENT OR

ANY LENDER INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER IN ANY

WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH ANY LOAN

DOCUMENT SHALL BE BROUGHT ONLY IN A COURT IN NEW YORK, NEW

YORK.

15.3    WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.  THE BORROWERS, THE AGENT AND

THE LENDERS HEREBY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL

PROCEEDING INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER

(WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY WAY

ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH ANY LOAN DOCUMENT

OR THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED THEREUNDER.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrowers, the Lenders and the Agent have executed this

Agreement as of the date first above written.






PEPCO HOLDINGS, INC.





By:              A. J. KAMERICK

Title:  Vice President and Treasurer





701 Ninth Street NW

Fifth Floor

Washington, DC 20068

Attention:     Anthony J.  Kamerick

Telephone:   (202) 872-2056

Fax:              (202) 872-3015

E-mail:          tjkamerick@pepco.com




POTOMAC ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY





By:            KAREN G. ALMQUIST

Title:  Assistant Treasurer



701 Ninth Street NW

Fifth Floor

Washington, DC 20068

Attention:     Anthony J. Kamerick

Telephone:    (202) 872-2056

Fax:               (202) 872-3015

E-mail:           kgalmquist@pepco.com










DELMARVA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY





By:             DONNA J. KINZEL

Title:  Assistant Treasurer



c/o Conectiv

800 King Street

Wilmington, DE  19899-0231

Attention:  Donna Kinzel

Telephone:(302) 429-3004

Fax:(302) 429-3188

E-mail:  donna.kinzel@conectiv.com







ATLANTIC CITY ELECTRIC COMPANY





By:             DONNA J. KINZEL

Title:  Assistant Treasurer



c/o Conectiv

800 King Street

Wilmington, DE  19899-0231

Attention:  Donna Kinzel

Telephone:(302) 429-3004

Fax:(302) 429-3188

E-mail:  donna.kinzel@conectiv.com










BANK ONE, NA,

Individually as Administrative Agent and as Issuer





By:               DAWN M. LAWLER

Title:  Director



1 Bank One Plaza

Chicago, Illinois 60670

Attention:  Utilities Group

Telephone:     (312) 732-3857

Fax:                (312) 732-3055

E-mail:  dawn_m_lawler@bankone.com










WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL

ASSOCIATION, Individually and as Syndication

Agent





By:                  D. MITCH WILSON

Title:  Vice President










THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, Individually and

as Co-Documentation Agent





By:       JAMES R. TRIMBLE

Title:  Managing Director










CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON, CAYMAN

ISLANDS BRANCH, Individually and as Co-

Documentation Agent





By:
PAUL L. COLON

Title:  Vice President



By:
VANESSA GOMEZ

Title:  Associate










BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., Individually and as

Senior Managing Agent





By:            GRETCHEN P. BURUD


Title:  Managing Director










FLEET NATIONAL BANK, Individually and as

Senior Managing Agent





By:        CHERYL A. HULT

Title:  Vice President










BAYERISCHE LANDESBANK

GIROZENTRALE, Individually and as Managing

Agent





By:    PETER OBERMANN

Title:  Senior Vice President





By:     JAMES H. BOYLE

Title:  Vice President










MELLON BANK, N.A., Individually and as Co-

Agent





By:             SCOTT HENNESSEE


Title:  Vice President










THE BANK OF NEW YORK, Individually and as

Co-Agent





By:
JOHN N. WATT

Title:  Vice President










SUNTRUST BANK, Individually and as Co-Agent





By:
DAVID H. EIDSON

Title:  Vice President










ALLFIRST BANK, Individually and as Co-Agent





By:     SHIRLEY M. TRIMBLE

Title:  Vice President










MERRILL LYNCH BANK USA



By:        D. KEVIN IMLAY

Title:  Senior Credit Officer










CITIBANK, N.A.



By:             JOHN S. KING

Title:  Managing Director










THE NORTHERN TRUST COMPANY



By:            BRIAN STRIKLAND

Title:  Vice President










MIZUHO CORPORATE BANK, LTD.



By:                    JOHN DIPPO

Title:  Senior Vice President










WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY



By:             JOSEPH L. YACYSHYN

Title:  Vice President










RIGGS BANK N.A.



By:           DOUGLAS H. KLAMFOTH

Title:  Vice President










UNION BANK OF CALIFORNIA, N.A.



By:           CHAD CANFIELD

Title:  Assistant Vice President










BANK HAPOALIM B.M.



By:               MARC BOSC

Title:  Vice President










E.SUN COMMERCIAL BANK, LTD., LOS

ANGELES BRANCH



By:                BENJAMIN LIN

Title:  EVP and General Manager







SCHEDULE 1

PRICING SCHEDULE



Level I

Status

Level II

Status

Level III

Status

Level IV

Status

Level V

Status

Level VI

Status


Applicable Margin/LC Fee Rate

0.565%

0.675%

0.750%

0.850%

1.200%

1.800%


Facility Fee Rate

0.085%

0.100%

0.125%

0.150%

0.175%

0.200%


Utilization Fee Rate

0.100%

0.100%

0.125%

0.125%

0.125%

0.250%






For the purposes of this Schedule, the following terms have the following meanings,

subject to the other provisions of this Schedule:

"Level I Status" exists with respect to any Borrower on any date if, on such date, such

Borrower's Moody's Rating is A2 or better or such Borrower's  S&P Rating is A or better.

"Level II Status" exists with respect to any Borrower on any date if, on such date, (i)

such Borrower has not qualified for Level I Status and (ii) such Borrower's Moody's Rating is A3

or better or such Borrower's  S&P Rating is A- or better.

"Level III Status" exists with respect to any Borrower on any date if, on such date,

(i) such Borrower has not qualified for Level I Status or Level II Status and (ii) such Borrower's

Moody's Rating is Baa1 or better or such Borrower's S&P Rating is BBB+ or better.

"Level IV Status" exists with respect to any Borrower on any date if, on such date,

(i) such Borrower has not qualified for Level I Status, Level II Status or Level III Status and (ii)

such Borrower's Moody's Rating is Baa2 or better or such Borrower's S&P Rating is BBB or

better.

"Level V Status" exists with respect to any Borrower on any date if, on such date, (i)

such Borrower has not qualified for Level I Status, Level II Status, Level III Status or Level IV

Status and (ii) such Borrower's Moody's Rating is Baa3 or better or such Borrower's S&P Rating

is BBB- or better.

"Level VI Status" exists with respect to any Borrower on any date if, on such date, such

Borrower has not qualified for Level I Status, Level II Status, Level III Status, Level IV Status or

Level V Status.

"Moody's Rating" means, at any time for any Borrower, the rating issued by Moody's

and then in effect with respect to such Borrower's senior unsecured long-term debt securities

without third-party credit enhancement.

"S&P Rating" means, at any time for any Borrower, the rating issued by S&P and then in

effect with respect to such Borrower's senior unsecured long-term debt securities without third-

party credit enhancement.

"Status" means Level I Status, Level II Status, Level III Status, Level IV Status, Level V

Status or Level VI Status.

For purposes of this Schedule, the Moody's Rating and the S&P Rating in effect for any

Borrower on any date are that in effect at the close of business on such date.

The Applicable Margin, the Facility Fee Rate, the LC Fee Rate and the Utilization Fee

Rate for each Borrower shall be determined in accordance with the above based on such

Borrower's Status as determined from its then-current Moody's Rating and S&P Rating.  If the

applicable Borrower is split-rated and the ratings differential is one level, the higher rating will

apply.  If the applicable Borrower is split-rated and the ratings differential is two levels or more,

the intermediate rating at the midpoint will apply (or, if there is no midpoint, the higher of the

two intermediate ratings will apply).  If at any time the applicable Borrower has no Moody's

Rating or no S&P Rating, Level VI Status shall exist.


SCHEDULE 2

COMMITMENTS AND PRO RATA SHARES


Lender

Amount of Commitment

Pro Rata Share




Bank One, NA



$145,000,000



9.67%


Wachovia Bank, National Association

$140,000,000

9.33%


The Bank of Nova Scotia

$140,000,000

9.33%


Credit Suisse First Boston, Cayman Islands Branch

$140,000,000

9.33%


Bank of America, N.A.

$125,000,000

8.33%


Fleet National Bank

$125,000,000

8.33%


Bayerische Landesbank Girozentrale

$ 85,000,000

5.67%


Mellon Bank, N.A.

$ 75,000,000

5.00%


The Bank of New York

$ 75,000,000

5.00%


SunTrust Bank

$ 75,000,000

5.00%


Allfirst Bank

$ 70,000,000

4.67%


Merrill Lynch Bank USA

$ 50,000,000

3.33%


Citibank, N.A.

$ 50,000,000

3.33%


The Northern Trust Company

$ 50,000,000

3.33%


Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd.

$ 50,000,000

3.33%


Wilmington Trust Company

$ 25,000,000

1.67%


Riggs Bank N.A.

$ 25,000,000

1.67%


Union Bank of California, N.A.

$ 25,000,000

1.67%


Bank Hapoalim B.M.

$ 20,000,000

1.33%


E.Sun Commercial Bank, Ltd.,

Los Angeles Branch

$ 10,000,000

0.67%





SCHEDULE 3

TRUST PREFERRED SECURITIES

$125,000,000 of 7-3/8% Trust Originated Preferred Securities (TOPRs) issued by Potomac

Electric Power Company Trust I, a statutory Delaware business trust established by Potomac

Electric Power Company.

$70,000,000 of 8-1/4% Cumulative Quarterly Income Preferred Securities issued by Atlantic

Capital I, a special purpose statutory Delaware business trust established by Atlantic City

Electric Company.

$25,000,000 of 7-3/8% Cumulative Quarterly Income Preferred Securities issued by Atlantic

Capital II, a special purpose statutory Delaware business trust established by Atlantic City

Electric Company.

$70,000,000 of 8-1/8% Cumulative Trust Preferred Capital Securities issued by Delmarva Power

Financing I, a special purpose statutory Delaware business trust established by Delmarva Power

& Light Company.


SCHEDULE 4

SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES








Name of Company Controlled





Owned By



Percent

Ownership

Amount of

Investment

(as of 3/31/02)


Potomac Electric Power Company

(a D.C. and Virginia corporation)



Pepco Holdings, Inc



100%



$1,332.8 Million


Conectiv

(a Delaware corporation)



Pepco Holdings, Inc



100%



$1,309.4 Million


Delmarva Power & Light Company

(a Delaware and Virginia corporation)



Conectiv



100%



$588.2 Million


Atlantic City Electric Company

(a New Jersey corporation)



Conectiv



100%



$615.6 Million


Conectiv Energy Holding Company

(A Delaware corporation)



Conectiv



100%



$572.0 Million


Conectiv Delmarva Generation, Inc

(A Delaware corporation)



Conectiv Energy Holding Company



100%



$447.8 Million


Potomac Capital Investment Corp

(a Delaware corporation)



Pepco Holdings, Inc



100%



$373.4 Million


*After giving effect to the Merger and the Permitted Pepco Distributions







SCHEDULE 5

LIENS




Incurred By



Owed To

Property

Encumbered



Maturity

Amount of

Indebtedness


Potomac Electric Power Co.

CitiCapital (BLC)

Vehicles, Office

Equip., Computers



Master Agreement

$  17,210,807*


Potomac Electric Power Co.

(Pepco Energy Services)



Hannon Armstrong

Pepco Funding Corp.

Contract Payments Receivable

Master Agreement

$   59,717,761*


Potomac Electric Power Co.

(Pepco Energy Services)



ABB Energy  Capital L.L.C.

Contract Payments Receivable

Master Agreement

$   10,539,803*


POM Holdings, Inc.

(Potomac Capital Investment Corp.)



ABB Energy  Capital L.L.C.

Contract Payments Receivable

August 30, 2017

$    9,189,292*


Pepco Energy Services, Inc. & Viron/Pepco Services Partnership



John Hancock

Contract Payments Receivable

August 30, 2017

$   20,761,223*


POM Holdings, Inc., Pepco Energy Services, Inc., & Trigen/Pepco Services, LLC



Allfirst Bank

Contract Payments Receivable

December, 31, 2023

$   6,527,500*


Delmarva Power & Light Company

Town of St. Michaels, Maryland


Distribution Equipment

October 15, 2006

$       872,000


Atlantic City Electric Co.

Guo Mao International Hotels B.V.



Scrubber @ B.L. England Generation Station

January 21, 2007

$   4,634,809



*The amount of this lien fluctuates with the amount of accounts receivable created by this program.  The amount listed is as of

May 31, 2002.





SCHEDULE 6

NONRECOURSE INDEBTEDNESS







Name of Company

Aggregate

Principal

Amount



Type of

Indebtedness


Potomac Capital Investment Corporation

(Potomac Equipment Leasing Corporation)

$19,140,000

Promissory Note with

First Security Bank


Potomac Capital Investment Corporation

(Harmans Building Associates)

$  6,280,000

Loan Agreement with

Massachusetts Mutual


Conectiv Bethlehem, Inc.

Up to $365 million

Senior Secured Credit

Facilities 4-Year

Construction and Term

Loan Facility  *


* Closed on June 26, 2002





SCHEDULE 7

EXISTING LETTERS OF CREDIT

CONECTIV LETTERS OF CREDIT





Expiration Date



Company



Beneficiary



Bank

Date Issued



L/C #



Amount



1/31/03

PHI

Liberty Mutual

Bank One

1/31/98

320373

$400,000


2/28/03

PHI

Penn Manufacturers Assoc.

Bank One

04/05/00

322173

1,175,000


07/09/02

PHI

PJM Interconnection LLC & PPL Utilities

Bank One

07/10/01

325290

32,582,825


09/18/02

PHI

Nebraska Public Power

Bank One

09/18/00

322748

250,000


10/24/02

PHI

City of Bethlehem

Bank One

10/25/01

325792

3,650,000


11/01/02

PHI

NY ISO

Bank One

09/05/01

325594

3,852,800


01/09/03

PHI

BCLP

Bank One

01/09/97

320349

6,000,000


01/31/03

ACE/DPL

Indemnity Insurance Co. of NA

Bank One

02/21/02

750148

1,600,000


01/28/03

PHI

PJM Interconnection LLC or Peco or DP&L

Bank One

01/30/02

326110

23,440,700


02/03/03

PHI

PJM Interconnection LLC or PA Elec. Co.

Bank One

03/15/02

750163

1,627,150


01/24/03

PHI

Liberty Mutual

Bank One

04/30/02

750199

365,000


02/03/03

PHI

IMO

Bank One

04/23/02

750183

3,663,554






SCHEDULE 8

PERMITTED ACE ASSET SALES

Keystone Electric Generating Station*                         Shelocta, PA

Conemaugh Electric Generating Station*                     New Florence, PA

B L England Electric Generating Station                      Beesley's Pt., NJ

Deepwater Electric Generating Station                         Pennsville, PA



* Joint owned plants.  ACE owns 2.47% of Keystone and 3.83% of Conemaugh

TABLE OF CONTENTS






ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

Page


1.1

Definitions

1


1.2

Interpretation

14


1.3

Accounting

15


ARTICLE II

THE CREDITS



2.1

Commitment

15


2.2

Required Payments; Termination

15


2.3

Ratable Loans

15


2.4

Types of Advances

16


2.5

Facility Fee; Utilization Fee; Reductions in Aggregate Commitment


2.6

Minimum Amount of Each Advance

16


2.7

Prepayments

17


2.8

Method of Selecting Types and Interest Periods for New Advances

17


2.9

Conversion and Continuation of Outstanding Advances

17


2.10

Changes in Interest Rate, etc.

18


2.11

Rates Applicable After Default

18


2.12

Method of Payment

18


2.13

Noteless Agreement:  Evidence of Indebtedness

19


2.14

Telephonic Notices

19


2.15

Interest Payment Dates; Interest and Fee Basis

20


2.16

Notification of Advances, Interest Rates, Prepayments and Commitment Reductions



20


2.17

Lending Installations

20


2.18

Non-Receipt of Funds by the Agent

20


2.19

Letters of Credit

21


2.20

Extension of Facility Termination Date

24


ARTICLE III

YIELD PROTECTION; TAXES


3.1

Yield Protection

26


3.2

Changes in Capital Adequacy Regulations

26


3.3

Availability of Types of Advances

27


3.4

Funding Indemnification

27


3.5

Taxes

27


3.6

Mitigation of Circumstances; Lender Statements; Survival of Indemnity



29


3.7

Replacement of Lender

30


ARTICLE IV

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT


4.1

Initial Credit Extension

30


4.2

Each Credit Extension

31


4.3

Certain Credit Extensions

32


ARTICLE V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES


5.1

Existence and Standing

32


5.2

Authorization and Validity

32


5.3

No Conflict; Government Consent

33


5.4

Financial Statement

33


5.5

No Material Adverse Change

33


5.6

Taxes

34


5.7

Litigation and Contingent Obligations

34


5.8

Significant Subsidiaries

34


5.9

ERISA

34


5.10

Accuracy of Information

34


5.11

Regulation U

34


5.12

Material Agreements

34


5.13

Compliance With Laws

35


5.14

Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions

35


5.15

Environmental Matters

35


5.16

Investment Company Act

35


5.17

Public Utility Holding Company Act

35


5.18

Insurance

35


5.19

No Default

35


5.20

Ownership of Properties

35


ARTICLE VI

COVENANTS


6.1

Financial Reporting

36


6.2

Use of Proceeds

38


6.3

Notice of Default

38


6.4

Conduct of Business

38


6.5

Taxes

38


6.6

Insurance

38


6.7

Compliance with Laws

38


6.8

Maintenance of Properties

39


6.9

Inspection

39


6.10

Merger

39


6.11

Sales of Assets

39


6.12

Liens

40


6.13

Leverage Ratio

42


ARTICLE VII

DEFAULTS


7.1

Representation or Warranty

43


7.2

Nonpayment

43


7.3

Certain Covenant Breaches

43


7.4

Other Breaches

43


7.5

Cross Default

43


7.6

Voluntary Bankruptcy, etc.

43


7.7

Involuntary Bankruptcy, etc.

44


7.8

Seizure of Property, etc.

44


7.9

Judgments

44


7.10

ERISA

44


7.11

Unenforceability of Loan Documents

45


7.12

Change in Control

45


ARTICLE VIII

ACCELERATION, WAIVERS, AMENDMENTS AND      REMEDIES


8.1

Acceleration

45


8.2

Amendments

45


8.3

Preservation of Rights

46


ARTICLE IX

GENERAL PROVISIONS


9.1

Survival of Representations

46


9.2

Governmental Regulation

46


9.3

Headings

46


9.4

Entire Agreement

46


9.5

Several Obligations; Benefits of this Agreement

47


9.6

Expenses; Indemnification

47


9.7

Numbers of Documents

47


9.8

Disclosure

47


9.9

Severability of Provisions

48


9.10

Nonliability of Lenders

48


9.11

Confidentiality

48


9.12

Nonreliance

48


9.13

Termination of Existing Credit Facilities

49


ARTICLE X

THE AGENT


10.1

Appointment; Nature of Relationship

49


10.2

Powers

49


10.3

General Immunity

49


10.4

No Responsibility for Loans Recitals, etc.

49


10.5

Action of Instructions of Lenders

50


10.6

Employment of Agents and Counsel

50


10.7

Reliance on Documents; Counsel

50


10.8

Agent's Reimbursement and Indemnification

50


10.9

Notice of Default

51


10.10

Rights as a Lender

51


10.11

Lender Credit Decision

51


10.12

Successor Agent

51


10.13

Agent's Fee

52


10.14

Delegation to Affiliates

52


10.15

Other Agents

52


ARTICLE XI

SETOFF; RATABLE PAYMENTS


11.1

Setoff

53


11.2

Ratable Payments

53


ARTICLE XII

BENEFIT OF AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS;      PARTICIPATIONS


12.1

Successors and Assigns

53


12.2

Participants

54


12.3

Assignments

54


12.4

Dissemination of Information

55


12.5

Grant of Funding Option to SPC

55


12.6

Tax Treatment

56


ARTICLE XIII

NOTICES


13.1

Notices

56


13.2

Notices to and by Subsidiary Borrowers

56


13.3

Limited Use of Electronic Mail

57


ARTICLE XIV

COUNTERPARTS


ARTICLE XV

CHOICE OF LAW:  CONSENT TO JURISTICTION;      WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL


15.1

CHOICE OF LAW

57


15.2

CONSENT TO JURISDICTION

57


15.3

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL

58







EXHIBITS

EXHIBIT A                COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

EXHIBIT B                ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

EXHIBIT C                NOTE

EXHIBIT D                FORM OF LEGAL OPINIONS

EXHIBIT E                 FORM OF EXTENSION REQUEST

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1            PRICING SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE 2            COMMITMENTS AND PRO RATA SHARES

SCHEDULE 3            TRUST PREFERRED SECURITIES

SCHEDULE 4            SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES

SCHEDULE 5            LIENS

SCHEDULE 6            NONRECOURSE INDEBTEDNESS

SCHEDULE 7            EXISTING LETTERS OF CREDIT

SCHEDULE 8            PERMITTED ACE ASSET SALES


CREDIT AGREEMENT



AMONG



PEPCO HOLDINGS, INC.,

POTOMAC ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY,

DELMARVA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY

and

ATLANTIC CITY ELECTRIC COMPANY,

as Borrowers,





BANK ONE, NA,

as Administrative Agent,





WACHOVIA BANK, N.A.,

as Syndication Agent,

and

CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON

and

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA,

as Co-Documentation Agents





BANC ONE CAPITAL MARKETS, INC.

Lead Arranger and Sole Book Runner





DATED AS OF August 1, 200






