







exhibit.htm


Exhibit
10.1











































CREDIT
AGREEMENT




DATED
AS OF DECEMBER 7, 2007




BETWEEN




HURCO
COMPANIES, INC.




AND




JPMORGAN
CHASE BANK, N.A.














































TABLE
OF CONTENTS








ARTICLE
I.


DEFINITIONS


1



1.1.


Certain
Definitions


1



1.2.


Other
Definitions; Rules of Construction


13




ARTICLE
II.


THE
CREDITS


13



2.1.


Commitment


13



2.2.


Determination
of Dollar Amounts; Required Payments; Termination


13



2.3.


[Reserved]


13



2.4.


Types
of Advances


13



2.5.


Fees;
Reductions in Commitment


13



2.6.


Minimum
Amount of Each Advance


14



2.7.


Optional
Principal Payments


14



2.8.


Method
of Selecting Types and Interest Periods for New Advances


14



2.9.


Conversion
and Continuation of Outstanding Advances


15



2.10.


Changes
in Interest Rate, etc.


15



2.11.


Rates
Applicable After Default


15



2.12.


Method
of Payment


16



2.13.


Noteless
Agreement; Evidence of Indebtedness


16



2.14.


Telephonic
Notices


16



2.15.


Interest
Payment Dates; Interest and Fee Basis


17



2.16.


Lending
Installations


17



2.17.


[Reserved]


17



2.18.


Facility
LCs.


17



2.18.1.  Issuance


17



2.18.2.  Notice


17



2.18.3.  Administration;
Reimbursement by the Bank


18



2.18.4.  Reimbursement
by the Borrower


18



2.18.5.  Obligations
Absolute


18



2.18.6.  Actions
of the Bank


19



2.18.7.  Indemnification


19



2.18.8.  Facility
LC Collateral Account


19



2.19.


[Reserved]


19



2.20.


Guarantees


19




ARTICLE
III.


YIELD
PROTECTION; TAXES


20



3.1.


Yield
Protection


20



3.2.


Changes
in Capital Adequacy Regulations


20



3.3.


Availability
of Types of Advances


21



3.4.


Funding
Indemnification


21



3.5.


Taxes


21



3.6.


Bank
Statements; Survival of Indemnity


22




ARTICLE
IV.


CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT


22



4.1.


Initial
Credit Extension


22



4.2.


Each
Credit Extension


23




ARTICLE
V.


REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES


24



5.1.


Existence
and Standing


24



5.2.


Authorization
and Validity


24



5.3.


No
Conflict; Government Consent


24



5.4.


Financial
Statements


24



5.5.


Material
Adverse Change


24



5.6.


Taxes


25



5.7.


Litigation
and Contingent Obligations


25



5.8.


Subsidiaries


25



5.9.


ERISA


25



5.10.


Accuracy
of Information


25



5.11.


Regulation
U


25



5.12.


Material
Agreements


25



5.13.


Compliance
With Laws


25



5.14.


Ownership
of Properties


26



5.15.


Plan
Assets; Prohibited Transactions


26



5.16.


Environmental
Matters


26



5.17.


Investment
Company Act


26



5.18.


Public
Utility Holding Company Act


26



5.19.


Insurance


26



5.20.


[Reserved]


26



5.21.


Disclosure


26



5.22.


Intellectual
Property


27




ARTICLE
VI.


COVENANTS


27



6.1.


Financial
Reporting


27



6.2.


Use
of Proceeds


28



6.3.


Notice
of Default


28



6.4.


Conduct
of Business


28



6.5.


Taxes


28



6.6.


Insurance


29



6.7.


Compliance
with Laws


29



6.8.


Maintenance
of Properties


29



6.9.


Inspection


29



6.10.


Dividends


29



6.11.


Indebtedness


29



6.12.


Merger


30



6.13.


Sale
of Assets


30



6.14.


Investments
and Acquisitions


30



6.15.


Liens


31



6.16.


Affiliates


32



6.17.


Sale
and Leaseback Transactions


32



6.18.


Contingent
Obligations


32



6.19.


[Reserved]


32



6.20.


Financial
Covenants


32




6.20.1.
[Reserved]


32




6.20.2.
Maximum Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Consolidated Total
Capitalization


33




6.20.3.
[Reserved]


33




6.20.4.
Net Income


33



6.21.


Banking
Relationship


33



6.22.


Guaranty


33



6.23.


Further
Assurances


33



6.24.


Accounting
Changes


33



6.25.


Inconsistent
Agreements


33



6.26.


Negative
Pledge Limitation


33



6.26.


Government
Regulation


33




ARTICLE
VII.


DEFAULTS


34




ARTICLE
VIII.


ACCELERATION,
WAIVERS, AMENDMENTS AND REMEDIES


36



8.1.


Acceleration;
Facility LC Collateral Account


36



8.2.


Amendments


36



8.3.


Preservation
of Rights


37




ARTICLE
IX.


GENERAL
PROVISIONS


37



9.1.


Survival
of Representations


37



9.2.


Governmental
Regulation


37



9.3.


Headings


37



9.4.


Entire
Agreement


37



9.5.


Benefits
of this Agreement


37



9.6.


Expenses;
Indemnification


37



9.7.


Accounting


38



9.8.


Severability
of Provisions


38



9.9.


Nonliability
of the Bank


38



9.10.


Confidentiality


38



9.11.


Disclosure


38



9.12.


Construction
of Certain Provisions


38



9.13.


Independence
of Covenants


38



9.14.


Interest
Rate Limitation


39



9.15.


USA
Patriot Act Notification


39



9.16.


Termination
of Existing Credit Agreement; Existing Facility LC


39




ARTICLE
X.


SETOFF


39




ARTICLE
XI.


BENEFIT
OF AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS


40



11.1.


Successors
and Assigns


40



11.2.


Participations


40



11.2.1  Permitted
Participants; Effect


40



11.2.2  Voting
Rights


40



11.2.3  Benefit
of Setoff


40



11.3.


Dissemination
of Information


40




ARTICLE
XII.


NOTICES


41



12.1.


Notices


41



12.2.


Change
of Address


41




ARTICLE
XIII.


COUNTERPARTS


41




ARTICLE
XIV.


CHOICE
OF LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY
TRIAL


41



14.1.


CHOICE
OF LAW


41



14.2.


CONSENT
TO JURISDICTION


41



14.3.


WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL


42





SCHEDULE
5.8.


SUBSIDIARIES
AND AFFILIATES OF THE BORROWER


44





SCHEDULE
6.14.


OTHER
INVESTMENTS


45






































EXHIBITS




Exhibit
A
– Form of Note




Exhibit
B
– Compliance Certificate




Exhibit
C
– Form of Subsidiary Guaranty




Exhibit
D
– Wire Transfer Instructions




Exhibit
E
– Form of Opinion






































CREDIT
AGREEMENT



This
Credit Agreement, dated as of December 7, 2007, is between
Hurco Companies, Inc., an Indiana corporation, and
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., successor by merger
to Bank One, NA
(Main Office Chicago).  The parties hereto agree as
follows:







INTRODUCTION



A.           The
Borrower desires to obtain (i) a revolving credit facility, including letters
of
credit, in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding $30,000,000 to be used
for working capital and general corporate purposes and (ii) a separate letter
of
credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of New Taiwan Dollars
100,000,000 to be used as provided in Section 2.18.1(a), and the Bank is willing
to provide such credit facilities on the terms herein set forth.



B.           On
or about the Effective Date, Hurco Europe Limited, a corporation organized
under
the laws of England and Wales and a Subsidiary of the Borrower ("Hurco Europe")
will enter into a Revolving Facility Agreement with the Bank, whereby the Bank
will agree, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, to make revolving
credit loans to Hurco Europe in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed
British Pounds Sterling 1,000,000 for Hurco Europe's general working capital
purposes (the "UK Facility").



C.           On
or about the Effective Date, Hurco Manufacturing Ltd., Taiwan, a corporation
organized under the laws of Taiwan and a Subsidiary of the Borrower ("Hurco
Taiwan") will enter into a General Agreement for Banking Transactions and a
Banking Facilities Confirmation Letter with the Bank (together with any
promissory note(s) and security documents entered into in connection therewith
from time to time, all as amended or  modified from time to time,
including any agreement(s) or instrument(s) entered into with the Bank in
replacement thereof, the "Taiwan Facility Documents"), whereby the Bank will
agree, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, to provide a revolving
credit facility to Hurco Taiwan in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed
New Taiwan Dollars 100,000,000 for Hurco Taiwan's general working capital
purposes (the "Taiwan Facility").



In
consideration of the premises and of the mutual agreements herein contained,
the
parties hereto agree as follows:







ARTICLE
I




DEFINITIONS



1.1           Certain
Definitions.  As used herein, the following terms have the
following respective meanings:



"Active
Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary of the Borrower which is not an Inactive
Subsidiary.



"Acquisition"
means any transaction, or any series of related transactions, consummated on
or
after the date of this Agreement, by which the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries (i) acquires any going business or all or substantially all of
the
assets of any firm, corporation or limited liability company, or division
thereof, whether through purchase of assets, merger or otherwise or (ii)
directly or indirectly acquires (in one transaction or as the most recent
transaction in a series of transactions) at least a majority (in number of
votes) of the securities of a corporation which have ordinary voting power
for
the election of directors (other than securities having such power only by
reason of the happening of a contingency) or a majority (by percentage or voting
power) of the outstanding ownership interests of a partnership or limited
liability company.
















1













"Affiliate"
of any Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling,
controlled by or under common control with such Person.  A Person
shall be deemed to control another Person if the controlling Person owns 10%
or
more of any class of voting securities (or other ownership interests) of the
controlled Person or possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct
or
cause the direction of the management or policies of the controlled Person,
whether through ownership of stock, by contract or otherwise.



"Agreement"
means this Credit Agreement, as it may be amended or modified and in effect
from
time to time.



"Agreement
Accounting Principles" means generally accepted accounting principles as in
effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in
preparing the financial statements referred to in Section 5.4.



"Alternate
Base Rate" means, for any day, a rate of interest per annum equal to the higher
of (i) the Prime Rate for such day and (ii) the sum of the Federal Funds
Effective Rate for such day plus 1% per annum.



"Applicable
Margin" means, with respect to the Eurodollar Rate, Floating Rate and Commitment
Fees, the applicable percentage rates per annum set forth in the table below
based upon the Total Funded Debt/EBITDA Ratio as of the date of the applicable
Loan or Commitment Fee:






Total
Funded Debt/EBITDA Ratio


Eurodollar
Loans

(%
per annum)


Floating
Rate

Loans

(%
per annum)


Commitment

Fee

(%
per annum)



Greater
than 4.0


1.75%


0%


.25%



Greater
than 3.25 and less than or equal to 4.0


1.5%


0%


.20%



Greater
than 2.5 and less than or equal to 3.25


1.25%


-.25%


.15%



Greater
than 1.75 and less than or equal to 2.50


1.0%


-.50%


.125%



Greater
than 1.0 and less than or equal to 1.75


.75%


-.75%


.125%



Less
than or equal to 1.0


.50%


-1.0%


.05%








Notwithstanding
the above, the Applicable Margin with respect to the Eurodollar Rate and the
Floating Rate shall be adjusted quarterly as necessary as of the first day
of
the month following the Bank receiving the financial statements required
pursuant to Section 6.1(ii) allowing the Total Funded Debt/EBITDA Ratio to
be
calculated for the quarterly periods ending on each January 31, April 30, July
31, and October 31.  Prior to January 1, 2008, the Applicable Margin
shall be determined based on the Total Funded Debt/EBITDA Ratio being less
than
1.0.



"Article"
means an article of this Agreement unless another document is specifically
referenced.
















2













"Authorized
Officer" means any of the President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer, or Corporate Controller of the Borrower, acting singly.



"Bank"
means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., any of its Lending Installations, and any
of
their respective successors and assigns.



"Borrower"
means Hurco Companies, Inc., an Indiana corporation, and its successors and
assigns.



"Borrowing
Date" means a date on which a Loan is made hereunder.



"Borrowing
Notice" is defined in Section 2.8.



"Business
Day" means (i) with respect to any borrowing, payment or rate selection of
Eurodollar Loans, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks
generally are open in Chicago and New York for the conduct of substantially
all
of their commercial lending activities, interbank wire transfers can be made
on
the Fedwire system and dealings in Dollars are carried on in the London
interbank market and (ii) for all other purposes, a day (other than a Saturday
or Sunday) on which banks generally are open in Chicago for the conduct of
substantially all of their commercial lending activities and interbank wire
transfers can be made on the Fedwire system.



"Capital
Stock" of any person means any equity securities, any securities exchangeable
for or convertible into equity securities, and any warrants, rights, or other
options to purchase or otherwise acquire such securities.



"Capitalized
Lease" of a Person means any lease of Property by such Person as lessee which
would be capitalized on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance
with Agreement Accounting Principles.



"Capitalized
Lease Obligations" of a Person means the amount of the obligations of such
Person under Capitalized Leases which would be shown as a liability on a balance
sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with Agreement Accounting
Principles.



"Cash
Equivalent Investments" means (i) short-term obligations of, or fully guaranteed
by, the United States of America, (ii) commercial paper rated A-1 or better
by
S&P or P-1 or better by Moody's, (iii) investment grade quality auction rate
notes, (iv) demand deposit accounts maintained in the ordinary course of
business, and (v) certificates of deposit issued by and time deposits with
commercial banks (whether domestic or foreign) having capital and surplus in
excess of $100,000,000; provided in each case that the same provides
for payment of both principal and interest (and not principal alone or interest
alone) and is not subject to any contingency (other than the passage of time
or
notice) regarding the payment of principal or interest.



"Code"
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, reformed or otherwise
modified from time to time.



"Collateral
Shortfall Amount" is defined in Section 8.1.



"Commitment"
means, the obligation of the Bank pursuant to Section 2.1(a) to make Loans
to,
and issue US Facility LCs upon the application of, the Borrower in an aggregate
amount not exceeding $30,000,000, reduced by the amount as permitted pursuant
to
Section 2.5(c).



"Consolidated
Assets" as of any date means the aggregate book value of the total assets of
the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance
with Agreement Accounting Principles.
















3













"Consolidated
EBITDA" means, with reference to any period, Consolidated Net Income for such
period determined in accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles
plus, to the extent deducted in determining Consolidated Net Income,
(i) Consolidated Interest Expense, (ii) expense for income taxes, (iii)
depreciation, (iv) amortization, (v) extraordinary losses incurred other than
in
the ordinary course of business, (vi) non-current asset write downs, and (vii)
non-cash losses on equity interests of Affiliates, minus, to the extent
included in Consolidated Net Income, extraordinary gains realized other than
in
the ordinary course of business (including without limitation non-cash gains
on
equity interests of Affiliates), all calculated for the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.



"Consolidated
Interest Expense" means, with reference to any period, the interest expense
of
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including the interest component of Rentals
under Capitalized Leases and capitalized interest) calculated on a consolidated
basis for such period.



"Consolidated
Net Income" means, with reference to any period, the net income (or loss) of
the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis for such
period.



"Consolidated
Net Worth" means, as of any date, (a) the amount of any Capital Stock,
paid-in-capital, and similar equity accounts of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis as of such time, plus
(or minus in the case of a deficit) the capital surplus and retained
earnings of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated
basis
as of such time and excluding the amount of Other Comprehensive Income of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis as of such
time, less (b) any treasury stock of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
calculated on a consolidated basis as of such time.



"Consolidated
Total Capitalization" means at any time the sum of Consolidated Total
Indebtedness and Consolidated Net Worth, each calculated at such
time.



"Consolidated
Total Indebtedness" means, as of any date, the Indebtedness of the Borrower
and
its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with
Agreement Accounting Principles, which, without duplication, either (a) is
interest-bearing and, in accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles, should
be reflected on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as of such date or (b) consists of Letters of Credit, valued at
the
undrawn face amount thereof.



"Contingent
Obligation" of a Person means any agreement, undertaking or arrangement by
which
such Person assumes, guarantees, endorses, contingently agrees to purchase
or
provide funds for the payment of, or otherwise becomes or is contingently liable
upon, the obligation or liability of any other Person, or agrees to maintain
the
net worth or working capital or other financial condition of any other Person,
or otherwise assures any creditor of such other Person against loss, including,
without limitation, any comfort letter, operating agreement, take-or-pay
contract or the obligations of any such Person as general partner of a
partnership with respect to the liabilities of the partnership.



"Controlled
Group" means all members of a controlled group of corporations or other business
entities and all trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common
control which, together with the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, are
treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.



"Conversion/Continuation
Notice" is defined in Section 2.9.



"Credit
Extension" means the making of a Loan or the issuance of a Facility LC
hereunder.



"Credit
Extension Date" means the Borrowing Date for a Loan or the issuance date for
a
Facility LC.
















4













"Credit
Obligations" means all present and future obligations and other liabilities
of
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (without duplication) arising under or
included within the Outstanding Facilities, as amended from time to time,
including without limitation any interest, premium, fees, expenses, and charges
relating thereto and any renewals, extensions, and refundings of the
foregoing.  The principal amount of the Credit Obligations shall be
the aggregate of the outstanding principal amount of all Loans outstanding
under
the Outstanding Facilities plus the undrawn face amount of the Facility
LCs.



"Default"
means an event described in Article VII.



"Dollars"
and "$" shall mean the lawful currency of the United States of
America.



"Domestic
Subsidiaries" means all Subsidiaries of the Borrower which are organized under
the laws of one of the states of the United States.



"Effective
Date" means the date on which the Borrower satisfies the conditions set forth
in
Section 4.1.



"Environmental
Laws" means any and all federal, state, local and foreign statutes, laws,
judicial decisions, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees,
plans, injunctions, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses,
agreements and other governmental restrictions relating to (i) the protection
of
the environment, (ii) the effect of the environment on human health, (iii)
emissions, discharges or releases of pollutants, contaminants, hazardous
substances or wastes into surface water, ground water or land, or (iv) the
manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal,
transport or handling of pollutants, contaminants, hazardous substances or
wastes or the clean-up or other remediation thereof.



"ERISA"
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from
time
to time, and any rule or regulation issued thereunder.



"Eurodollar
Loan" means a Loan which, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.11, bears
interest at the applicable Eurodollar Rate.



"Eurodollar
Rate" means, with respect to a Eurodollar Loan for the relevant Interest Period,
the sum of (i) the quotient of (a) the Eurodollar Reference Rate applicable
to
such Interest Period, divided by (b) one minus the Reserve Requirement
(expressed as a decimal) applicable to such Interest Period, if any,
plus (ii) the Applicable Margin, changing when and as the Applicable
Margin changes.



"Eurodollar
Reference Rate" means, with respect to any Eurodollar Loan for the relevant
Interest Period, rate appearing on page 3750 of the Moneyline Telerate Service
(or any successor or substitute page of such service, or any successor to or
substitute for such service, providing rate quotations comparable to those
currently provided on such page of such service, as determined by the Bank
from
time to time for purpose of providing quotations of interest rate, applicable
to
dollar deposits in the London interbank market) at approximately 11:00 a.m.
(London time) two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period,
as the rate for dollar deposits with a maturity comparable to such Interest
Period, provided that, if no such British rate is available, the
applicable Eurodollar Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall
instead be the rate determined by the Bank to be the rate at which the Bank
offers to place dollar deposits in the London interbank market at approximately
11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the first day of such
Interest Period, in the approximate amount of the relevant Eurodollar Loan
and
having a maturity comparable to such Interest Period.



"Excluded
Taxes" means, in the case of the Bank or applicable Lending Installation, taxes
imposed on its overall net income, and franchise taxes imposed on it, by (i)
the
jurisdiction under the laws of which the Bank is incorporated or organized
or
(ii) the jurisdiction in which the Bank's principal executive office or the
Bank's applicable Lending Installation is located.
















5













"Exhibit"
refers to an exhibit to this Agreement, unless another document is specifically
referenced.



"Existing
US Facility LC" means that certain standby letter of credit number CBCI-299975
in the face amount of $1,354,488.00 issued by the Bank for the account of the
Borrower.



"Facility
LC" is defined in Section 2.18.1.



"Facility
LC Application" is defined in Section 2.18.2.



"Facility
LC Collateral Account" is defined in Section 2.18.8.



"Facility
Termination Date" means December 7, 2012.



"Federal
Funds Effective Rate" means, for any day, an interest rate per annum equal
to
the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with
members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on
such
day, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for
the
immediately preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York,
or,
if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the
average of the quotations at approximately 10:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on such
day
on such transactions received by the Bank from three Federal funds brokers
of
recognized standing selected by the Bank in its sole discretion.



"Floating
Rate" means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to (i) the Alternate Base
Rate
for such day plus (ii) the Applicable Margin, in each case changing
when and as the Alternate Base Rate and Applicable Margin change; provided,
however, that at no time may the Floating Rate be less than the then applicable
Eurodollar Rate for a Eurodollar Loan in Dollars for an Interest Period of
one
month.



"Floating
Rate Loan" means a Loan which, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.11,
bears interest at the Floating Rate.



"Guarantors"
means Hurco International Inc. and Hurco International Holdings, Inc. as
signatories to the Guaranty and any other Person who guaranties to the Bank
the
Borrower's payment and performance of its obligations under this Agreement
and
the other Loan Documents, including without limitation each other Subsidiary
which becomes a party to the Guaranty after the date of this Agreement, and
their respective successors and assigns.



"Guaranty"
means, collectively, that certain Subsidiary Guaranty, dated of even date
herewith, executed by the Guarantors in favor of the Bank substantially in
the
form of Exhibit C, and any other such Subsidiary Guaranty executed by any
Guarantors from time to time.



"Hurco
BV" means Hurco B.V., a limited liability company organized under the laws
of
the Netherlands, and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Borrower.



"Hurco
Deferred Compensation Plan" means the unfunded plan adopted by the Borrower
for
the purpose of providing deferred compensation for a select group of management
personnel or other employees of the Borrower, as evidenced by the CORPORATE
plan
for Retirement Select Plan and Basic Plan Document effective as of July 1,
1996,
as amended, and the related Hurco Deferred Compensation Plan Trust
Agreement.
















6













"Hurco
Deferred Compensation Plan Trust Agreement" means the Trust Agreement dated
as
of April 11, 1996, between the Borrower and Fidelity Management Trust Company,
as amended.



"Hurco
Europe" is defined in the Introduction to this Agreement.



"Hurco
GmbH" means Hurco GmbH Werkzeugmaschinen CIM-Bausteine Vertreib und Service,
a
corporation organized under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, and
an
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Borrower.



"Hurco
GmbH Facility" means a credit facility of Hurco GmbH and Hurco BV in a maximum
principal amount of Three Million Euros obtained from Dresdner Bank or any
affiliate or successor thereof which may be secured by assets of Hurco GmbH
and
Hurco BV and an unsecured guaranty of payment of the Borrower.




"Hurco
Taiwan" is defined in the Introduction to this Agreement.



"Hurco
UK
Guaranty" means the guaranty dated on or about the Effective Date, executed
by
the Borrower in favor of the Bank, by which the Borrower has guaranteed to
the
Bank the obligations of Hurco Europe under the UK Facility, as it may be
amended, modified or confirmed and in effect from time to time.



"Hurco
Taiwan Guaranty" means the guaranty dated on or about the Effective Date,
executed by the Borrower in favor of the Bank, by which the Borrower has
guaranteed to the Bank the obligations of Hurco Taiwan under the Taiwan
Facility, as it may be amended, modified or confirmed and in effect from time
to
time.



"Inactive
Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary of the Borrower not actively engaged in business,
and which has assets with a book value less than or equal to
$10,000.   Schedule 5.8 lists all Inactive Subsidiaries
existing on the Effective Date.  Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary, so long as Hurco Technology, Inc., an Indiana corporation, holds
only
patents and other intellectual property and has total annual revenues of not
greater than $500,000, all of which is derived from licensing of that
intellectual property, it shall be deemed an Inactive Subsidiary.



"Indebtedness"
of a Person means, without duplication, such Person's (i) obligations for
borrowed money (including without limitation, with respect to the Borrower,
all
Reimbursement Obligations, all Credit Obligations and all Rate Management
Transactions), (ii) obligations representing the deferred purchase price of
Property or services (other than accounts payable arising in the ordinary course
of such Person's business payable on terms customary in the trade), (iii)
obligations, whether or not assumed, secured by Liens or payable out of the
proceeds or production from Property now or hereafter owned or acquired by
such
Person, (iv) obligations which are evidenced by notes, acceptances, or other
instruments, (v) obligations of such Person to purchase securities or other
Property arising out of or in connection with the sale of the same or
substantially similar securities or Property, (vi) Capitalized Lease
Obligations, (vii) all obligations of such Person to purchase goods, property,
or services where payment therefor is required, regardless of whether delivery
of such goods or property or the performance of such services is ever made
or
tendered (generally referred to as "take or pay contracts"), (viii) all
liabilities of such person in respect of Unfunded Liabilities under any Plan
of
such Person or of any ERISA Affiliate and (ix) any other obligation for borrowed
money or other financial accommodation which in accordance with Agreement
Accounting Principles would be shown as a liability on the consolidated balance
sheet of such Person, including without limitation all obligations of others
similar in character to those described in clauses (i) through (viii) of this
definition for which such Person is contingently liable, as guarantor, surety,
accommodation party, partner or in any other capacity, or in respect of which
obligations such person assures a creditor against loss or agrees to take any
action to prevent any such loss (other than endorsements of negotiable
instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business), including
without limitation all reimbursement obligations of such Person in respect
of
letters of credit, surety bonds, or similar obligations, and all obligations
of
such Person to advance funds to, or to purchase assets, property or services
from, any other Person in order to maintain the financial condition of such
other Person.
















7













"Intellectual
Property" is defined in Section 5.22.



"Interest
Period" means, with respect to a Eurodollar Loan, a period of one, two, three
or
six months commencing on a Business Day selected by the Borrower pursuant to
this Agreement.  Such Interest Period shall end on the day which
corresponds numerically to such date one, two, three or six months thereafter,
provided, however, that if there is no such numerically corresponding
day in such next, second, third or sixth succeeding month, such Interest Period
shall end on the last Business Day of such next, second, third or sixth
succeeding month.  If an Interest Period would otherwise end on a day
which is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall end on the next
succeeding Business Day, provided, however, that if said next
succeeding Business Day falls in a new calendar month, such Interest Period
shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day.



"Investment"
of a Person means any loan, advance (other than commission, travel and similar
advances to officers and employees made in the ordinary course of business),
extension of credit (other than accounts receivable arising in the ordinary
course of business on terms customary in the trade) or contribution of capital
by such Person; stocks, bonds, mutual funds, partnership interests, notes,
debentures or other securities owned by such Person; any deposit accounts and
certificate of deposit owned by such Person; and structured notes, derivative
financial instruments and other similar instruments or contracts owned
by  such Person.



"LC
Fee"
is defined in Section 2.5(b).



"LC
Obligations" means, at any time, the sum, without duplication, of (i) the
aggregate undrawn stated amount under all Facility LCs outstanding at such
time
plus (ii) the aggregate unpaid amount at such time of all Reimbursement
Obligations.



"LC
Payment Date" is defined in Section 2.18.3.



"Lending
Installation" means any office of the Bank in Chicago, Illinois or any office,
branch, subsidiary or affiliate of the Bank selected by the Bank pursuant to
Section 2.16 or providing the UK Facility or the Taiwan Facility.



"Letter
of Credit" of a Person means a letter of credit or similar instrument which
is
issued upon the application of such Person or upon which such Person is an
account party or for which such Person is in any way liable.



"Lien"
means any lien (statutory or other), mortgage, pledge, hypothecation,
assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance or preference, priority or other
security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever
(including, without limitation, the interest of a vendor or lessor under any
conditional sale, Capitalized Lease or other title retention
agreement).



"Loan"
means any loan by the Bank made pursuant to Article II (or any conversion or
continuation thereof).



"Loan
Documents" means this Agreement, the Facility LC Applications, any Notes issued
pursuant to Section 2.15, the Guaranty, the Hurco UK Guaranty, the Hurco Taiwan
Guaranty, and all other agreements and documents executed or delivered in
connection with any of the foregoing at any time, as each may be amended or
modified from time to time.
















8













"Material
Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, Property,
condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, or prospects of
the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (ii) the ability of the Borrower
or any Subsidiary to perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which
it is a party, or (iii) the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan
Documents or the rights or remedies of the Bank thereunder.



"Modify"
and "Modification" are defined in Section 2.18.1.



"Moody's"
means Moody's Investors Service, Inc., and any successor thereto.



"Multiemployer
Plan" means a Plan maintained pursuant to a collective bargaining agreement
or
any other arrangement to which the Borrower or any member of the Controlled
Group is a party to which more than one employer is obligated to make
contributions.



"New
Taiwan Dollars" shall mean the lawful currency of Taiwan.



"Note"
is
defined in Section 2.13 and includes any and all notes executed pursuant to
this
Agreement, each in the form of Exhibit A.



"Obligations"
means all Reimbursement Obligations, Credit Obligations, and all accrued and
unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations
of the Borrower to the Bank or any indemnified party arising under the Loan
Documents.



"Operating
Lease" of a Person means any lease of Property (other than a Capitalized Lease)
by such Person as lessee which has an original term (including any required
renewals and any renewals effective at the option of the lessor) of one year
or
more.



"Other
Comprehensive Income" means that amount reported in the Borrower's consolidated
balance sheet as "Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)" and which
is
included in total shareholders' equity in accordance with Agreement Accounting
Principles.



"Other
Taxes" is defined in Section 3.5(ii).



"Outstanding
Credit Exposure" means, at any time, the sum of (i) the aggregate principal
amount of the Loans outstanding at such time, plus (ii) an amount equal
to the LC Obligations at such time.



"Outstanding
Facilities" means, collectively and without duplication, the Loans and the
Facility LCs, each as existing following the Effective Date.



"Participants"
is defined in Section 11.2.1.



"Payment
Date" means the last day of each quarter.



"PBGC"
means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or any successor
thereto.



"Permitted
Liens" means Liens permitted by Section 6.15.



"Person"
means any natural person, corporation, firm, joint venture, partnership, limited
liability company, association, enterprise, trust or other entity or
organization, or any government or political subdivision or any agency,
department or instrumentality thereof.

















9













"Plan"
means an employee pension benefit plan which is covered by Title IV of ERISA
or
subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code as to
which the Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group may have any
liability.



"Prime
Rate" means the rate of interest per annum announced from time to time by the
Bank as its prime rate.  The Prime Rate is a variable rate and each
change in the Prime Rate is effective from and including the date the change
is
announced as being effective.  THE PRIME RATE IS A REFERENCE RATE AND
MAY NOT BE THE BANK'S LOWEST RATE.



"Property"
of a Person means any and all property, whether real, personal, tangible,
intangible, or mixed, of such Person, or other assets owned, leased or operated
by such Person.



"Rate
Management Transaction" means any transaction (including an agreement with
respect thereto) now existing or hereafter entered into between the Borrower
and
any Person which is a rate swap, basis swap, forward rate transaction, commodity
swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap, equity or equity index
option, bond option, interest rate option, foreign exchange transaction, cap
transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction, forward transaction,
currency swap transaction, cross-currency rate swap transaction, currency option
or any other similar transaction (including any option with respect to any
of
these transactions) or any combination thereof, whether linked to one or more
interest rates, foreign currencies, commodity prices, equity prices or other
financial measures.



"Rate
Management Obligations" of a Person means any and all obligations of such
Person, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created,
arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and
modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under (i) any and all Rate
Management Transactions, and (ii) any and all cancellations, buy backs,
reversals, terminations or assignments of any Rate Management
Transactions.




"Regulation
D" means Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
as
from time to time in effect and any successor thereto or other regulation or
official interpretation of said Board of Governors relating to reserve
requirements applicable to member banks of the Federal Reserve
System.



"Regulation
U" means Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
as
from time to time in effect and any successor or other regulation or official
interpretation of said Board of Governors relating to the extension of credit
by
banks for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stocks applicable to
member banks of the Federal Reserve System.



"Reimbursement
Obligations" means, at any time, the aggregate of all obligations of the
Borrower then outstanding under Section 2.18 to reimburse the Bank for amounts
paid by the Bank in respect of any one or more drawings under Facility
LCs.



"Rentals"
of a Person means the aggregate fixed amounts payable by such Person under
any
Operating Lease.



"Replacement
Taiwan Facility" means a senior revolving credit facility issued by a
Replacement Taiwan Lender to be used by Hurco Taiwan for its general working
capital purposes at any time the Taiwan Facility no longer is available to
Hurco
Taiwan and all amounts owing under the Taiwan Facility have been paid in
full.  Without limitation, the Taiwan Facility shall be deemed no
longer available if: (i) the Bank demands payment of all or any portion of
the
principal amount outstanding under the Taiwan Facility and at the time of such
demand no
















10













"Event
of
Default" (as that term is defined in the Taiwan Facility Documents) has occurred
and is continuing; or (ii) the Bank fails to honor any proper request for an
advance or loan under the Taiwan Facility at a time when all conditions to
availability under the Taiwan Facility have been satisfied, no "Event of
Default" (as that term is defined in the Taiwan Facility Documents) has occurred
and is continuing and, if such advance or loan were made, the aggregate
principal amount of all loans and advances outstanding under the Taiwan Facility
would not exceed the "Ceiling" (as that term is defined in the Taiwan Facility
Documents).



"Replacement
Taiwan Lender" means any depository bank customarily providing senior revolving
credit facilities denominated in New Taiwan Dollars to borrowers in Taiwan
for
working capital purposes.



"Reportable
Event" means a reportable event as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA and the
regulations issued under such section, with respect to a Plan, excluding,
however, such events as to which the PBGC has by regulation waived the
requirement of Section 4043(a) of ERISA that it be notified within 30 days
of
the occurrence of such event, provided, however, that a failure to meet
the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code and of Section 302
of
ERISA shall be a Reportable Event regardless of the issuance of any such waiver
of the notice requirement in accordance with either Section 4043(a) of ERISA
or
Section 412(d) of the Code.



"Reports"
is defined in Section 9.6.



"Reserve
Requirement" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the maximum aggregate
reserve requirement (including all basic, supplemental, marginal and other
reserves) which is imposed under Regulation D  or any comparable
regulation from time to time on Eurocurrency funding.  Eurodollar
Loans shall be deemed to constitute Eurocurrency funding and to be subject
to
such reserve requirements without the benefit of or credit for pro-ration,
exemption or offset, that may be available under such Regulation D or any
comparable regulation.  The Reserve Requirement shall be adjusted
automatically on and as of the effective date of any change of such reserve
requirement.



"S&P"
means Standard and Poor's Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw Hill
Companies, Inc., and any successor thereto.



"Sale
and
Leaseback Transaction" means any sale or other transfer of Property by any
Person with the intent to lease such Property as lessee.



"Schedule"
refers to a specific schedule to this Agreement, unless another document is
specifically referenced.



"Section"
means a numbered section of this Agreement, unless another document is
specifically referenced.



"Single
Employer Plan" means a Plan maintained by the Borrower or any member of the
Controlled Group for employees of the Borrower or any member of the Controlled
Group.



"Subordinated
Indebtedness" of a Person means any Indebtedness of such Person for borrowed
money the payment of which is subordinated to payment of the Obligations and
any
Rate Management Obligations to the written satisfaction of the
Bank.



"Subsidiary"
of a Person means (i) any corporation more than 50% of the outstanding
securities having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be owned
or
controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or by one or more of its
Subsidiaries or by such Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries, or (ii)
any
partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture or similar
business organization more than 50% of the ownership interests having ordinary
voting power of which shall at the time be so owned or
controlled.  Unless otherwise expressly provided, all references
herein to a "Subsidiary" shall mean a Subsidiary of the Borrower.
















11













"Substantial
Portion" means, with respect to the Property of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries, Property which (i) represents more than 10% of the consolidated
assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as would be shown in the
consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at
the
beginning of the twelve-month period ending with the month in which such
determination is made, or (ii) is responsible for more than 7.5% of the
consolidated net sales of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as reflected in
the
financial statements referred to in clause (i) above.



"Taiwan
Facility"  is defined in the Introduction to this
Agreement.



"Taiwan
Facility Documents"  is defined in the Introduction to this
Agreement.



"Taiwan
Facility LC" is defined in Section 2.18.1.



"Taiwan
Facility LC Commitment" means, the obligation of the Bank pursuant to Section
2.1(b) to issue Taiwan Facility LCs upon the application of the Borrower in
an
aggregate amount not exceeding New Taiwan Dollars 100,000,000.



"Taxes"
means any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, deductions,
charges or withholdings, and any and all liabilities with respect to the
foregoing, but excluding Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes.



"Total
Funded Debt/EBITDA Ratio" means the ratio of Consolidated Total Indebtedness
as
of the end of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower to Consolidated EBITDA for
the
four consecutive fiscal quarters then ending.



"Transferee"
is defined in Section 11.3.



"Type"
means, with respect to any Loan, its nature as a Floating Rate Loan or a
Eurodollar Loan.



"UK
Facility" is defined in the Introduction to this Agreement.



"Unfunded
Liabilities" means the amount (if any) by which the present value of all vested
and unvested accrued benefits under all Single Employer Plans exceeds the fair
market value of all such Plan assets allocable to such benefits, all determined
as of the then most recent valuation date for such Plans using PBGC actuarial
assumptions for single employer plan terminations.


"Unmatured
Default" means an event which but for the lapse of time or the giving of notice,
or both, would constitute a Default.



"US
Facility LC" is defined in Section 2.18.1.



"Wholly-Owned
Subsidiary" of a Person means (i) any Subsidiary all of the outstanding voting
securities of which shall at the time be owned or controlled, directly or
indirectly, by such Person or one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such
Person, or by such Person and one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such
Person, or (ii) any partnership, limited liability company, association, joint
venture or similar business organization 100% of the ownership interests having
ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be so owned or
controlled.
















12













1.2           Other
Definitions; Rules of Construction.  The foregoing definitions
include both the singular and the plural forms thereof and shall be construed
accordingly.  All computations required hereunder and all financial
terms used herein shall be made or construed in accordance with Agreement
Accounting Principles unless such principles are inconsistent with the express
requirements of this Agreement; provided that, if the Borrower notifies
the Bank that the Borrower wishes to amend any covenant in Article VI to
eliminate the effect of any change in Agreement Accounting Principles in the
operation of such covenant (or if the Bank notifies the Borrower that the Bank
wishes to amend Article VI for such purpose), then the Borrower's compliance
with such covenant shall be determined on the basis of Agreement Accounting
Principles in effect immediately before the relevant change in Agreement
Accounting Principles became effective, until either such notice is withdrawn
or
such covenant is amended in a manner satisfactory to the Borrower and the
Bank.  Use of the terms "herein", "hereof", and
"hereunder" shall be deemed references to this entire Agreement and not
to the Section or clause in which the term appears.  References to
"Sections" and "subsections" shall be to Sections and subsections,
respectively, of this Agreement unless otherwise specifically
provided.







ARTICLE
II




THE
CREDITS



2.1.           Commitments.



(a)           Loans
and US Facility LCs.  From and including the Effective Date and
prior to the Facility Termination Date, the Bank agrees, on the terms set forth
in this Agreement, to (i) make Loans to the Borrower from time to time, and
(ii)
issue US Facility LCs upon the request of the Borrower, in amounts not to exceed
in aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding the amount of the
Commitment as of the date any such Loan is made or US Facility LC is issued
or a
Modification thereof is to be made.  All Loans shall be made and US
Facility LCs shall be issued in Dollars.  Subject to the terms of this
Agreement, the Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow Loans at any time prior
to the Facility Termination Date.  The Commitment to extend credit
under this Section 2.1(a) shall expire on the Facility Termination
Date.  The Bank will issue US Facility LCs hereunder on the terms set
forth in Section 2.18.



(b)           Taiwan
Facility LCs.  From and including the Effective Date and prior to
the Facility Termination Date, the Bank agrees, on the terms set forth in this
Agreement, to issue Taiwan Facility LCs upon the request of the Borrower, in
amounts not to exceed in aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding
the
amount of the Taiwan Facility LC Commitment as of the date any such Taiwan
Facility LC is issued or a Modification thereof is to be made.  All
Taiwan Facility LCs shall be issued in New Taiwan Dollars and shall be used
in
connection with one or more Replacement Taiwan Facilities.  The Taiwan
Facility LC Commitment to extend credit hereunder shall expire on the Facility
Termination Date.  The Bank will issue Taiwan Facility LCs hereunder
on the terms set forth in Section 2.18.



2.2.           Required
Payment.  In addition to any other payments required
under this Agreement, the Outstanding Credit Exposure and all other unpaid
Obligations shall be paid in full by the Borrower on the Facility Termination
Date.



2.3.          [Reserved]



2.4.           Types
of Loans.  The Loans may be Floating Rate Loans or Eurodollar
Loans, or a combination thereof, selected by the Borrower in accordance with
Sections 2.8 and 2.9.



2.5.           Fees;
Reductions in Commitment.
















13













(a)           Commitment
Fee.  The Borrower agrees to pay to the Bank a commitment fee at a
per annum rate equal to the Applicable Margin on the daily unused amount of
the
Commitment from the Effective Date to and including the Facility Termination
Date, payable quarterly in arrears and on the Facility Termination
Date.  The commitment fee for each fiscal quarter of the Borrower
shall be due and payable within ten (10) days after the Bank submits a statement
to the Borrower of the amount due for such fiscal quarter, based on the Bank's
determination of the Applicable Margin for such fiscal quarter.



(b)           LC
Fees.  The Borrower shall pay to the Bank (i) with respect to each
standby Facility LC, a letter of credit fee at a per annum rate equal to the
Applicable Margin for Eurodollar Loans in effect from time to time on the
average daily undrawn stated amount under such standby Facility LC, subject
to
the Bank's standard minimum fee existing at the time of issuance, such fee
to be
payable in advance on each Payment Date, and (ii) with respect to each
commercial Facility LC, a one-time letter of credit fee at times and in amounts
as the Borrower and the Bank may agree from time to time (each such fee
described in this sentence, an "LC Fee").  The Borrower shall also pay
to the Bank at the time each Facility LC is issued documentary and processing
charges in connection with the issuance or Modification of and draws under
Facility LCs in accordance with the Bank's standard schedule for such charges
as
in effect from time to time.



(c)           Optional
Reductions in Commitment.  From time to time, the Borrower may
permanently reduce the Commitment in a minimum amount of $1,000,000 and in
integral multiples of $500,000, upon written notice to the Bank, which notice
shall specify the amount of any such reduction, provided, however, that
the amount of the Commitment may not be reduced below the aggregate principal
amount of the Outstanding Credit Exposure for Loans and US Facility
LCs.



(d)           Mandatory
Prepayments.  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, if at any time the aggregate amount of the Outstanding Credit Exposure
for Loans and US Facility LCs exceeds the Commitment, and upon written notice
from the Bank of such occurrence, the Borrower shall immediately repay Loans,
and otherwise provide funds to the Bank, in an aggregate principal amount
sufficient to eliminate any such excess, to be applied first to amounts
outstanding under the Loan, and then to the Facility LC Collateral Account
in
respect to US Facility LCs.



2.6.           Minimum
Amount of Each Loan; Limitation on Eurodollar Interest
Periods.  Each Eurodollar Loan shall be in the minimum amount of
$1,000,000 and in multiples of $100,000 if in excess thereof, and each Floating
Rate Loan shall be in the minimum amount of $100,000 and in multiples of $10,000
if in excess thereof, provided, any Floating Rate Loan may be in the
amount of the unused Commitment.  There shall be no more than five (5)
different Interest Periods in effect at any time.



2.7.           Optional
Principal Payments.  The Borrower may from time to time pay,
without penalty or premium, all outstanding Floating Rate Loans, or, in a
minimum aggregate amount of $100,000 or any integral multiple of $10,000 in
excess thereof, any portion of the outstanding Floating Rate
Loans.  The Borrower may from time to time pay, subject to the payment
of any funding indemnification amounts required by Section 3.4 but without
penalty or premium, all outstanding Eurodollar Loans, or, in a minimum aggregate
amount of $1,000,000 or any integral multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof,
any
portion of the outstanding Eurodollar Loan upon three Business Days' prior
notice to the Bank.



2.8.           Method
of Selecting Types and Interest Periods for New Loans.  The
Borrower shall select the Type of Loan and, in the case of each Eurodollar
Loan,
the Interest Period applicable thereto from time to time.  The
Borrower shall give the Bank irrevocable notice (a "Borrowing Notice") not
later
than Noon (Chicago time) on the Borrowing Date of each Floating Rate Loan and
three Business Days before the Borrowing Date for each Eurodollar Loan,
specifying:









(i)


the
Borrowing Date, which shall be a Business Day, of such
Loan,





















14



















(ii)


the
aggregate amount of such Loan,














(iii)


the
Type of Loan selected, and














(iv)


in
the case of each Eurodollar Loan, the Interest Period applicable
thereto.








2.9.           Conversion
and Continuation of Outstanding Loans.  Floating Rate Loans shall
continue as Floating Rate Loans unless and until such Floating Rate Loans are
converted into Eurodollar Loans pursuant to this Section 2.9 or are repaid
in
accordance with Section 2.7.  Each Eurodollar Loan shall continue as a
Eurodollar Loan until the end of the then applicable Interest Period therefor,
at which time each such Eurodollar Loan shall be automatically converted into
a
Floating Rate Loan unless (x) such Eurodollar Loan is or was repaid in
accordance with Section 2.7 or (y) the Borrower shall have given the Bank a
Conversion/Continuation Notice requesting that, at the end of such Interest
Period, such Eurodollar Loan either continue as a Eurodollar Loan for the same
or another Interest Period or be converted into a Floating Rate
Loan.  Any conversion of any Eurodollar Loan shall be made only on the
last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto



Subject
to the terms of Section 2.6, the Borrower may elect from time to time to convert
all or any part of a Floating Rate Loan into a Eurodollar Loan.  The
Borrower shall give the Bank irrevocable notice (a "Conversion/Continuation
Notice") of each conversion of a Floating Rate Loan into a Eurodollar Loan
or
continuation of a Eurodollar Loan not later than 10:00 a.m. (Chicago time)
at
least three Business Days prior to the date of the requested conversion or
continuation, specifying:









(i)


the
requested date, which shall be a Business Day, of such conversion
or
continuation,














(ii)


the
aggregate amount and Type of the Loan which is to be converted or
continued, and,














(iii)


the
amount of such Loan which is to be converted into or continued as
a
Eurodollar Loan and the duration of the Interest Period applicable
thereto.








2.10.           Changes
in Interest Rate, etc.  Each Floating Rate Loan shall bear
interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for each day from and
including the date such Loan is made or is converted from a Eurodollar Loan
into
a Floating Rate Loan pursuant to Section 2.9, to but excluding the date it
is
paid or is converted into a Eurodollar Loan pursuant to Section 2.9 hereof,
at a
rate per annum equal to the Floating Rate for such day.  Changes in
the rate of interest on that portion of any Loan maintained as a Floating Rate
Loan will take effect simultaneously with each change in the Alternate Base
Rate.  Each Eurodollar Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding
principal amount thereof from and including the first day of the Interest Period
applicable thereto to (but not including) the last day of such Interest Period
at the interest rate determined by the Bank as applicable to such Eurodollar
Loan based upon the Borrower's selections under Sections 2.8 and 2.9 and
otherwise in accordance with the terms hereof.  No Interest Period may
end after the Facility Termination Date.



2.11.           Rates
Applicable After Default.  Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in Section 2.8 or 2.9, during the continuance of a Default
or
Unmatured Default the Bank may, at its option, by notice to the Borrower,
declare that no Loan may be made as, converted into or continued as a Eurodollar
Loan.  During the continuance of a Default the Bank may, at its
option, by notice to the Borrower, declare that (i) each Eurodollar Loan shall
bear interest for the remainder of the applicable Interest Period at the rate
otherwise applicable to such Interest Period plus 2% per annum, (ii)
each Floating Rate Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the
Floating Rate in effect from time to time plus 2% per annum and (iii)
the LC Fee shall be increased by 2% per annum, provided that, during
the continuance of a Default under Section 7.6 or 7.7, the interest rates set
forth in clauses (i) and (ii) above and the increase in the LC Fee set forth
in
clause (iii) above shall be applicable to all Credit Extensions without any
election or action on the part of the Bank.
















15













2.12.           Method
of Payment.



(a)   Each
Loan shall be repaid and each payment of interest thereon shall be paid in
Dollars.  All Reimbursement Obligations shall be paid in the currency
in which the related draw on the relevant Facility LC was paid.  All
payments of the Obligations hereunder shall be made, without setoff, deduction,
or counterclaim, in immediately available funds to the Bank at the Bank's
address specified pursuant to Article XII, or at any other Lending Installation
of the Bank specified in writing by the Bank to the Borrower, by noon (Chicago
time) on the date when due and shall (except in the case of Reimbursement
Obligations for which the Bank has not been fully indemnified, or as otherwise
specifically required hereunder) be applied by the Bank as it may determine
in
its sole discretion.  The Bank is authorized to charge any account of
the Borrower maintained with the Bank or any of its Affiliates for each payment
of principal, interest, Reimbursement Obligations and fees as it becomes due
hereunder.



(b)   Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section, if, after the Bank pays any draw
on
any Taiwan Facility LC in New Taiwan Dollars, currency control or exchange
regulations are imposed in Taiwan with the result that such currency no longer
exists or the Borrower is not able to make payment to the Bank in New Taiwan
Dollars, then all payments to be made by the Borrower hereunder and under the
other Loan Documents in New Taiwan Dollars shall instead be made when due in
Dollars in an amount equal to the Dollar equivalent of such payment due, it
being the intention of the parties hereto that the Borrower take all risks
of
the imposition of any such currency control or exchange
regulations.  The Dollar equivalent of New Taiwan Dollars will be
determined at the exchange rate as quoted by a source selected by the Bank
in
its sole discretion for the purchase of Dollars on the date such payment is
due.



2.13.           Noteless
Agreement; Evidence of Indebtedness.  (i)  The Bank
shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts
evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to the Bank resulting from each
Loan
made by the Bank from time to time, including the amounts of principal and
interest payable and paid to the Bank from time to time hereunder.




(ii)           The Bank
shall also maintain accounts in which it will record (a) the amount of each
Loan
made hereunder, the Type thereof and the Interest Period with respect thereto,
(b) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due
and
payable from the Borrower to the Bank hereunder, (c) the original stated amount
of each Facility LC and the amount of LC Obligations outstanding at any time,
and (d) the amount of any sum received by the Bank hereunder from the
Borrower.



(iii)           The
entries maintained in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraphs (i) and
(ii) above shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts
of the Obligations therein recorded; provided, however, that the
failure of the Bank to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not
in
any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Obligations in
accordance with their terms.




(iv)           The Bank
may request that its Loan be evidenced by a promissory note (a
"Note").  In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and
deliver to the Bank a Note payable to the order of the Bank in a form supplied
by the Bank.  Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such Note and
interest thereon shall at all times (including after any assignment pursuant
to
Section 11.3) be represented by one or more Notes payable to the order of the
payee named therein or any assignee pursuant to Section 11.3, except to the
extent that the Bank or assignee subsequently returns any such Note for
cancellation and requests that the Loan once again be evidenced as described
in
paragraphs (i) and (ii) above.



2.14.           Telephonic
Notices.  The Borrower authorizes the Bank to extend, convert or
continue Loans, effect selections of Types of Loans and to transfer funds based
on telephonic notices made by any person or persons the Bank in good faith
believes to be acting on behalf of the Borrower, it being understood that the
foregoing authorization is specifically intended to allow Borrowing Notices
and
Conversion/Continuation Notices to be given telephonically.  The
Borrower agrees to deliver promptly to the Bank a written confirmation, if
such
confirmation is requested by the Bank, of each telephonic notice signed by
an
Authorized Officer. If the written confirmation differs in any material respect
from the action taken by the Bank, the records of the Bank shall govern absent
manifest error.
















16













2.15.           Interest
Payment Dates; Interest and Fee Basis.  Interest accrued on each
Floating Rate Loan shall be payable on each Payment Date, commencing with the
first such date to occur after the date hereof and at
maturity.  Interest accrued on each Eurodollar Loan shall be payable
on the last day of its applicable Interest Period, on any date on which the
Eurodollar Loan is prepaid, whether by acceleration or otherwise, and at
maturity.  Interest accrued on each Eurodollar Loan having an Interest
Period longer than three months shall also be payable on the last day of each
three-month interval during such Interest Period.  Interest and LC
Fees shall be calculated for actual days elapsed on the basis of a 360-day
year.  Interest shall be payable for the day a Loan is made but not
for the day of any payment on the amount paid if payment is received prior
to
noon (local time) at the place of payment.  If any payment of
principal of or interest on a Loan shall become due on a day which is not a
Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day
and, in the case of a principal payment, such extension of time shall be
included in computing interest in connection with such payment.



2.16.           Lending
Installations.  The Bank may make and issue and book the Loans and
Facility LCs at and through any Lending Installation, including without
limitation any Lending Installation designated by the Bank by written notice
to
the Borrower, and Loan payments and payments with respect to Facility LCs may
be
for the account of any such Lending Installation.  All terms of this
Agreement shall apply to any such Lending Installation and the Loan, Facility
LCs, and any Note issued hereunder shall be deemed held by the Bank for the
benefit of any such Lending Installation.  The Bank may, by written
notice to the Borrower, designate replacement or additional Lending
Installations through which Facility LCs will be issued by it and for whose
account payments with respect to Facility LCs are to be made.



2.17.          [Reserved]



2.18.           Facility
LCs.



2.18.1.
Issuance.



(a)
The
Bank agrees, on the terms set forth in this Agreement, to issue standby and
commercial letters of credit (i) for the Borrower's general corporate purposes
(each, a "US Facility LC") and (ii) for the purpose of providing credit
enhancement for the benefit of one or more Replacement Taiwan Lenders to induce
such Replacement Taiwan Lenders to provide one or more Replacement Taiwan
Facilities in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount of the
Taiwan Facility LC Commitment (each, a "Taiwan Facility LC", and any and all
US
Facility LCs and Taiwan Facility LCs, each a "Facility LC"), and to renew,
extend, increase, decrease or otherwise modify each Facility LC ("Modify" and
each such action a "Modification"), from time to time from and including the
date of this Agreement and prior to the Facility Termination Date upon the
request of the Borrower; provided that immediately after each such
Facility LC is issued or Modified, (A) the aggregate amount of the outstanding
LC Obligations with respect to US Facility LCs shall not exceed the Commitment,
(B) the Outstanding Credit Exposure for Loans and US Facility LCs shall not
exceed the Commitment and (C) the aggregate amount of the outstanding LC
Obligations with respect to Taiwan Facility LCs shall not exceed the Taiwan
Facility LC Commitment.  No Facility LC shall have an expiry date
later than the earlier of (x) the fifth Business Day prior to the Facility
Termination Date and (y) one year after its issuance.



2.18.2.
Notice.  Subject to Section 2.18.1, the Borrower shall give the
Bank notice prior to 10:00 a.m. (Chicago time) at least five Business Days
prior
to the proposed date of issuance or Modification of each Facility LC specifying
whether such Facility LC is a US Facility LC or a Taiwan Facility LC, the
beneficiary, the proposed date of issuance (or Modification) and the expiry
date
of such Facility LC, and describing the proposed terms of such Facility LC
and
the nature of the transactions proposed to be supported thereby.  The
issuance or Modification by the Bank of any Facility LC shall, in addition
to
the conditions precedent set forth in Article IV (the satisfaction of which
the
Bank shall have no duty to ascertain), be subject to the conditions precedent
that such Facility LC shall be satisfactory to the Bank and that the Borrower
shall have executed and delivered such application agreement and/or such other
instruments and agreements relating to such Facility LC as the Bank shall have
reasonably requested (each, a "Facility LC Application").  In the
event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of
any
Facility LC Application, the terms of this Agreement shall
control.  The Borrower understands and agrees that although any Taiwan
Facility LC may be denominated in New Taiwan Dollars, the Bank shall reserve
the
right to effect payment of any draw on any Taiwan Facility  LC in
Dollars in the amount equal to the Dollar equivalent of such draw if New Taiwan
Dollars is not a currency available to the Bank at the time of
drawing.  The Dollar equivalent of New Taiwan Dollars will be
determined at the exchange rate as quoted by a source selected by the Bank
in
its sole discretion for the purchase of Dollars on the day immediately preceding
the actual date of payment.
















17
















2.18.3.
Administration; Reimbursement by the Bank .  Upon receipt
from the beneficiary of any Facility LC of any demand for payment
under
such Facility LC, the Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower as
to the
amount to be paid by the Bank as a result of such demand and the
proposed
payment date (the "LC Payment Date").  The responsibility of the
Bank to the Borrower shall be only to determine that the documents
(including each demand for payment) delivered under each Facility
LC in
connection with such presentment shall be in conformity in all material
respects with such Facility LC.











2.18.4.
Reimbursement by the Borrower.  The Borrower shall be
irrevocably and unconditionally obligated to reimburse the Bank on
or
before the applicable LC Payment Date for any amounts to be paid
by the
Bank upon any drawing under any Facility LC, without presentment,
demand,
protest or other formalities of any kind; provided that the
Borrower shall not be precluded from asserting any claim for direct
(but
not consequential) damages suffered by the Borrower to the extent,
but
only to the extent, caused by (i) the willful misconduct or gross
negligence of the Bank in determining whether a request presented
under
any Facility LC issued by it complied with the terms of such Facility
LC
or (ii) the Bank's failure to pay under any Facility LC issued by
it after
the presentation to it of a request strictly complying with the terms
and
conditions of such Facility LC.  All such amounts paid by the
Bank and remaining unpaid by the Borrower shall bear interest, payable
on
demand, for each day until paid at a rate per annum equal to (x)
the rate
applicable to Floating Rate Loans for such day if such day falls
on or
before the applicable LC Payment Date and (y) the sum of 2% plus
the rate applicable to Floating Rate Loans for such day if such day
falls
after such LC Payment Date.  Subject to the terms of this
Agreement (including without limitation the submission of a Borrowing
Notice in compliance with Section 2.8 and the satisfaction of the
applicable conditions precedent set forth in Article IV), the Borrower
may
request a Loan hereunder for the purpose of satisfying any Reimbursement
Obligation.











2.18.5.
Obligations Absolute.  The Borrower's obligations under
this Section 2.18 shall be absolute and unconditional under any and
all
circumstances and irrespective of any setoff, counterclaim or defense
to
payment which the Borrower may have or have had against the Bank
or any
beneficiary of a Facility LC.  The Borrower further agrees with
the Bank that the Bank shall not be responsible for, and the Borrower's
Reimbursement Obligation in respect of any Facility LC shall not
be
affected by, among other things, the validity or genuineness of documents
or of any endorsements thereon, even if such documents should in
fact
prove to be in any or all respects invalid, fraudulent or forged,
or any
dispute between or among the Borrower, Hurco Taiwan, Hurco Europe,
any of
its other Affiliates, the beneficiary of any Facility LC or any financing
institution or other party to whom any Facility LC may be transferred
or
any claims or defenses whatsoever of the Borrower or of any of its
Affiliates against the beneficiary of any Facility LC or any such
transferee.  The Bank shall not be liable for any error,
omission, interruption or delay in transmission, dispatch or delivery
of
any message or advice, however transmitted, in connection with any
Facility LC.  The Borrower agrees that any action taken or
omitted by the Bank under or in connection with each Facility LC
and the
related drafts and documents, if done without gross negligence or
willful
misconduct, shall be binding upon the Borrower and shall not put
the Bank
under any liability to the Borrower.  Nothing in this Section
2.18.5 is intended to limit the right of the Borrower to make a claim
against the Bank for damages as contemplated by the proviso to the
first
sentence of Section 2.18.4.





















18
















2.18.6.
Actions of the Bank.  The Bank shall be entitled to rely,
and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any Facility LC, draft,
writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter,
cablegram, telegram, telecopy, telex or teletype message, statement,
order
or other document believed by it to be genuine and correct and to
have
been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons, and upon
advice
and statements of legal counsel, independent accountants and other
experts
selected by the Bank.  The Bank shall be fully justified in
failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement unless
it
shall first have received such advice as it reasonably deems appropriate
or it shall first be indemnified to its reasonable satisfaction against
any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it by
reason of
taking or continuing to take any such
action.











2.18.7.
Indemnification.  The Borrower indemnifies and holds
harmless the Bank, and its directors, officers, agents and employees
from
and against any and all claims and damages, losses, liabilities,
costs or
expenses which the Bank may incur (or which may be claimed against
the
Bank by any Person whatsoever) by reason of or in connection with
the
issuance, execution and delivery or transfer of or payment or failure
to
pay under any Facility LC or any actual or proposed use of any Facility
LC, including, without limitation, any claims, damages, losses,
liabilities, costs or expenses which the Bank may incur by reason
of or in
connection with, by reason of or on account of the Bank issuing any
Facility LC which specifies that the term "Beneficiary" included
therein
includes any successor by operation of law of the named Beneficiary,
but
which Facility LC does not require that any drawing by any such successor
Beneficiary be accompanied by a copy of a legal document, satisfactory
to
the Bank, evidencing the appointment of such successor Beneficiary;
provided that the Borrower shall not be required to indemnify the
Bank for any claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses
to
the extent, but only to the extent, caused by (x) the willful misconduct
or gross negligence of the Bank in determining whether a request
presented
under any Facility LC complied with the terms of such Facility LC
or (y)
the Bank's failure to pay under any Facility LC after the presentation
to
it of a request strictly complying with the terms and conditions
of such
Facility LC.  Nothing in this Section 2.18.7 is intended to
limit the obligations of the Borrower under any other provision of
this
Agreement.











2.18.8.
Facility LC Collateral Account.  The Borrower agrees that
it will, upon the request of the Bank and until the final expiration
date
of any Facility LC and thereafter as long as any amount is payable
to the
Bank in respect of any Facility LC, maintain a special collateral
account
pursuant to arrangements satisfactory to the Bank (the "Facility
LC
Collateral Account") at the Bank's office at the address specified
pursuant to Article XII, in the name of the Borrower but under the
sole
dominion and control of the Bank and in which the Borrower shall
have no
interest other than as set forth in Section 8.1.  The Borrower
pledges and assigns to the Bank, and grants to the Bank a security
interest in, all of the Borrower's right, title and interest in and
to all
funds which may from time to time be on deposit in the Facility LC
Collateral Account to secure the prompt and complete payment and
performance of the Obligations.  The Bank will invest any funds
on deposit from time to time in the Facility LC Collateral Account
in
certificates of deposit of the Bank having a maturity not exceeding
30
days.  Nothing in this Section 2.18.8 shall either obligate the
Bank to require the Borrower to deposit any funds in the Facility
LC
Collateral Account or limit the right of the Bank to release any
funds
held in the Facility LC Collateral Account in each case other than
as
required by Section 8.1.








2.19.
[Reserved]



2.20.
Guarantees.  To secure the payment when due of any Note and the
other Obligations to the Bank, the Guarantors shall execute and deliver to
the
Bank the Guaranty.
















19













2.21.
[Reserved]



2.22.
Judgment Currency.  If for the purposes of obtaining judgment
in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due from the Borrower hereunder
in
the currency expressed to be payable herein (the "specified currency") into
another currency, the parties agree that the rate of exchange used shall be
that
at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Bank could purchase
the specified currency with such other currency at the Bank's main Chicago
office on the Business Day preceding that on which final, non-appealable
judgment is given.  The obligations of the Borrower in respect of any
sum due to the Bank shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency other
than
the specified currency, be discharged only to the extent that on the Business
Day following receipt by the Bank of any sum adjudged to be so due in such
other
currency the Bank may in accordance with normal, reasonable banking procedures
purchase the specified currency with such other currency.  If the
amount of the specified currency so purchased is less than the sum originally
due to the Bank in the specified currency, the Borrower agrees, to the fullest
extent that it may effectively do so, as a separate obligation and
notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Bank against such loss,
and
if the amount of the specified currency so purchased exceeds the sum originally
due to the Bank in the specified currency, the Bank agrees to remit such excess
to the Borrower.










ARTICLE
III




YIELD
PROTECTION; TAXES



3.1.           Yield
Protection.  In the event that any applicable law, treaty or other
international agreement, rule, or regulation (whether domestic or foreign)
now
or hereafter in effect and whether or not presently applicable to the Bank
or
applicable Lending Installation, or any interpretation or administration thereof
by any governmental authority charged with the interpretation or administration
thereof, or compliance by the Bank or applicable Lending Installation with
any
guideline, request or directive of any such authority (whether or not having
the
force of law), shall (a) affect the basis of taxation of payments to the Bank
of
any amounts payable by the Borrower under this Agreement (other than Excluded
Taxes), or (b) shall impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special
deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the
account of, or credit extended by the Bank or applicable Lending Installation
(other than reserves and assessments taken into account in determining the
interest rate applicable to Eurodollar Loans), or (c) shall impose any other
condition with respect to this Agreement, the Commitment, any Note, or the
Loan,
or any Facility LC, and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the
cost to the Bank or applicable Lending Installation of making, funding, or
maintaining any Eurodollar Loan or any Facility LC or to reduce the amount
of
any sum receivable by the Bank or applicable Lending Installation thereon,
then
the Borrower shall pay to the Bank, from time to time, upon its request,
additional amounts sufficient to compensate the Bank for such increased cost
or
reduced sum receivable.  A statement as to the amount of such
increased cost or reduced sum receivable, prepared in good faith and in
reasonable detail by the Bank and submitted by the Bank to the Borrower, shall
be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error in
computation.



3.2.           Changes
in Capital Adequacy Regulations.  In the event that any applicable
law, treaty, or other international agreement, rule, or regulation (whether
domestic or foreign) now or hereafter in effect and whether or not presently
applicable to the Bank, or any interpretation or administration thereof by
any
governmental authority charged with the interpretation or administration
thereof, or compliance by the Bank with any guideline, request or directive
of
any such authority (whether or not having the force of law), including any
risk-based capital guidelines, affects or would affect the amount of capital
required or expected to be maintained by the Bank (or any corporation
controlling the Bank) and the Bank determines that the amount of such capital
is
increased by or based upon the existence of the Bank's obligations hereunder
and
such increase has the effect of reducing the rate of return on the Bank's (or
such controlling corporation's) capital as a consequence of such obligations
hereunder to a level below that which the Bank (or such controlling corporation)
could have achieved but for such circumstances (taking into consideration its
policies with respect to capital adequacy), then the Borrower shall pay to
the
Bank from time to time, upon request by the Bank, additional amounts sufficient
to compensate such Bank (or such controlling corporation) for any increase
in
the amount of capital and reduced rate of return which the Bank reasonably
determines to be allocable to the existence of the Bank's obligations
hereunder.  A statement as to the amount of such compensation,
prepared in good faith and in reasonable detail by the Bank and submitted to
the
Borrower, shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest
error
in computation.
















20













3.3.           Availability
of Types of Loans.  In the event that any applicable law, treaty,
or other international agreement, rule, or regulation (whether domestic or
foreign) now or hereafter in effect and whether or not presently applicable
to
the Bank, or any interpretation or administration thereof by any governmental
authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or
compliance by the Bank with any guideline, request, or directive of such
authority (whether or not having the force of law), including without limitation
exchange controls, shall make it unlawful or impossible for the Bank to maintain
any Eurodollar Loan at a suitable Lending Installation under this Agreement,
shall make it impracticable, unlawful or impossible for, or shall in any way
limit or impair ability of, the Borrower to make or the Bank to receive any
payment under this Agreement at the place specified for payment hereunder,
the
Bank shall suspend the availability of Eurodollar Loans and the Borrower shall,
upon receiving notice thereof from the Bank, repay in full the then-outstanding
principal amount of each Eurodollar Loan so affected, together with all accrued
interest thereon to the date of payment and all amounts owing to the Bank under
Section 3.4, (a) on the last day of the then-current Interest Period applicable
to the Eurodollar Loan if the Bank may lawfully continue to maintain the
Eurodollar Loan to that day, or (b) immediately if the Bank may not continue
to
maintain the Eurodollar Loan to that day.



3.4.           Funding
Indemnification.  If the Borrower makes any payment of principal
with respect to any Eurodollar Loan on any other date than the last day of
an
Interest Period applicable thereto (whether pursuant to Section 2.2, Section
2.5, Section 2.7, Section 8.1, or otherwise), or if the Borrower fails to borrow
any Eurodollar Loan after notice has been given to the Bank in accordance with
Section 2.8, or if the Borrower fails to make any payment of principal or
interest in respect of a Eurodollar Loan when due, the Borrower shall reimburse
the Bank on demand for any resulting loss or expense incurred by the Bank,
including without limitation any loss incurred in obtaining, liquidating, or
employing deposits from third parties, whether or not the Bank shall have funded
or committed to fund the Eurodollar Loan.  A statement as to the
amount of such loss or expense, prepared in good faith and in reasonable detail
by the Bank and submitted by the Bank to the Borrower, shall be conclusive
and
binding for all purposes absent manifest error in
computation.  Calculation of all amounts payable to the Bank under
this Section 3.4 shall be made as though the Bank shall have actually funded
or
committed to fund the relevant Eurodollar Loan through the purchase of an
underlying deposit in an amount equal to the amount of the Eurodollar Loan
in
the relevant market and having a maturity comparable to the related Interest
Period and through the transfer of such deposit to a domestic office of the
Bank
in the United States; provided, however, that the Bank may fund
any Eurodollar Loans in any manner it sees fit and the foregoing assumption
shall be utilized only for the purpose of calculating amounts payable under
this
Section 3.4.



3.5.           Taxes.  (i)  All
payments of principal of and interest on the Loan and other amounts payable
by
the Borrower hereunder shall be made by the Borrower without setoff or
counterclaim, and, subject to the next succeeding sentence, free and clear
of,
and without deduction or withholding for, or on account of, any
Taxes.  If any Taxes are imposed, the Borrower will pay such
additional amounts as may be necessary so that payment of principal of and
interest on the Loan and other amounts payable hereunder, after withholding
or
deduction for or on account thereof, will not be less than any amount provided
to be paid hereunder and, in any such case, the Borrower will furnish to the
Bank certified copies of all tax receipts evidencing the payment of such amounts
within 45 days after the date any such payment is due pursuant to applicable
law.

















21














(ii)  In addition, the Borrower agrees to pay any present or future
stamp or documentary taxes and any other excise or property taxes, charges
or
similar levies which arise from any payment made hereunder or under any Note
or
Facility LC Application or from the execution or delivery of, or otherwise
with
respect to, this Agreement or any Note or Facility LC Application ("Other
Taxes").




(iii)  The
Borrower
indemnifies the Bank for the full amount of Taxes or Other Taxes (including,
without limitation, any Taxes or Other Taxes imposed on amounts payable under
this Section 3.5) paid by the Bank and any liability (including penalties,
interest and expenses) arising therefrom or with respect
thereto.  Payments due under this indemnification shall be made within
30 days of the date the Bank makes demand therefor pursuant to Section
3.6.



3.6.           Bank
Statements; Survival of Indemnity. To the extent reasonably possible, the
Bank shall designate an alternate Lending Installation with respect to its
Eurodollar Loans to reduce any liability of the Borrower to the Bank under
Sections 3.1, 3.2 and 3.5 or to avoid the unavailability of Eurodollar Loans
under Section 3.3, so long as such designation is not, in the judgment of the
Bank, disadvantageous to it.  The Bank shall deliver a written
statement to the Borrower as to the amount due, if any, under Section 3.1,
3.2,
3.4 or 3.5.  Such written statement shall set forth in reasonable
detail the calculations upon which the Bank determined such amount and shall
be
final, conclusive and binding on the Borrower in the absence of manifest
error.  Determination of amounts payable under such Sections in
connection with a Eurodollar Loans shall be calculated as though the Bank funded
its Eurodollar Loans through the purchase of a deposit of the type and maturity
corresponding to the deposit used as a reference in determining the Eurodollar
Rate applicable to such Credit Extension, whether in fact that is the case
or
not.  Unless otherwise provided herein, the amount specified in the
written statement of the Bank shall be payable on demand after receipt by the
Borrower of such written statement.  The obligations of the Borrower
under Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.4, and 3.5 shall survive payment of the Obligations
and termination of this Agreement.







ARTICLE
IV




CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT



4.1.           Initial
Credit Extension.  The Bank shall not be required to make the
initial Credit Extension hereunder unless the Borrower has furnished to the
Bank
and completed the following matters, all in form and substance satisfactory
to
the Bank:









(i)


Copies
of the articles or certificate of incorporation of the Borrower and
the
Guarantors, together with all amendments, and a certificate of good
standing or existence for the Borrower and each Guarantor, each certified
by the appropriate governmental officer in its jurisdiction of
incorporation.














(ii)


Copies,
certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Borrower
and the
Guarantors, of each of their respective by-laws and of each of their
respective Board of Directors' resolutions and of resolutions or
actions
of any other body authorizing the execution of the Loan Documents
to which
the Borrower and the Guarantors are a
party.














(iii)


An
incumbency certificate, executed by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary
of the Borrower and the Guarantors, which shall identify by name
and title
and bear the signatures of the Authorized Officers and any other
officers
of the Borrower and the Guarantors authorized to sign the Loan Documents
to which the Borrower and the Guarantors are a party, upon which
certificate the Bank shall be entitled to rely until informed of
any
change in writing by the Borrower or the Guarantors, as the case
may
be.





















22



















(iv)


A
certificate, signed by the chief financial officer of the Borrower,
stating that on the initial Credit Extension Date no Default or Unmatured
Default has occurred and is
continuing.














(v)


A
written opinion of the Borrower's and the Guarantors' counsel, addressed
to the Bank in substantially the form of Exhibit
E.














(vi)


Any
Note requested by the Bank pursuant to Section 2.13 payable to the
order
of the Bank.














(vii)


Written
money transfer instructions, in substantially the form of Exhibit
D,
addressed to the Bank and signed by an Authorized Officer, together
with
such other related money transfer authorizations as the Bank may
have
reasonably requested.














(viii)


If
the initial Credit Extension will be the issuance of a Facility LC,
a
properly completed Facility LC
Application.














(ix)


The
Guaranty substantially in the form of Exhibit
C.













(x)


Reserved.













(xi)


Excepting
only the form 8-K to be filed by the Borrower post-closing, copies
of all
governmental and non-governmental consents, approvals, authorizations,
declarations, registrations or filings, if any, required on the part
of
the Borrower or the Guarantors in connection with the execution,
delivery,
and performance of the Loan Documents, or the transactions contemplated
thereby or as a condition to the legality, validity or enforceability
of
the Loan Documents, certified as true and correct and in full force
and
effect as of the Effective Date by a duly authorized officer of the
Borrower or the Guarantors, or, if none are required, a certificate
of
such officer to that effect.














(xii)


Such
other documents as the Bank or its counsel may have reasonably
requested.








4.2.           Each
Credit Extension.  The Bank shall not be required to make any
Credit Extension unless on the applicable Credit Extension Date:









(i)


There
exists no Default or Unmatured
Default.














(ii)


The
representations and warranties contained in Article V are true and
correct
as of such Credit Extension Date except to the extent any such
representation or warranty is stated to relate solely to an earlier
date,
in which case such representation or warranty shall have been true
and
correct on and as of such earlier
date.














(iii)


All
legal matters incident to the making of such Credit Extension shall
be
satisfactory to the Bank and its
counsel.














(iv)


The
Bank shall have received a Borrowing Notice or, in the case of any
issuance of a Facility  LC, a properly completed Facility LC
Application and such other documentation in connection therewith
as
requested by the Bank.








Each
Borrowing Notice or request for issuance of a Facility LC with respect to each
such Credit Extension shall constitute a representation and warranty by the
Borrower that the conditions contained in Sections 4.2(i) and (ii) have been
satisfied.

















23














ARTICLE
V




REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES



The
Borrower represents and warrants to the Bank that:



5.1.           Existence
and Standing.  Each of the Borrower and its Active Subsidiaries is
a corporation duly and properly incorporated, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization
and
has all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in
which its business is conducted.  The Borrower has all requisite
corporate power to own or lease the properties used in its business and to
carry
on its business as now being conducted and as proposed to be
conducted.



5.2.           Authorization
and Validity.  The Borrower and each Guarantor, as the case may
be, has the power and authority and legal right to execute and deliver the
Loan
Documents to which it is a party and to perform its obligations
thereunder.  The execution and delivery by the Borrower and each of
the Guarantors, as the case may be, of the Loan Documents to which it is a
party
and the performance of its obligations thereunder have been duly authorized
by
proper corporate proceedings, and the Loan Documents to which the Borrower
and
each of the Guarantors is a party, as the case may be, constitute legal, valid
and binding obligations of the Borrower and each of the Guarantors, as the
case
may be, enforceable against the Borrower or each Guarantor, as the case may
be,
in accordance with their terms, except as enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors'
rights generally.



5.3.           No
Conflict; Government Consent.  Neither the execution and delivery
by the Borrower or the Guarantors of the Loan Documents to which it is a party,
nor the consummation of the transactions therein contemplated, nor compliance
with the provisions thereof will violate (i) any law, rule, regulation, order,
writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award binding on the Borrower or any
of
its Subsidiaries or (ii) the Borrower's or any Subsidiary's articles or
certificate of incorporation, partnership agreement, certificate of partnership,
articles or certificate of organization, by-laws, or operating or other
management agreement, as the case may be, or (iii) the provisions of any
indenture, instrument or agreement to which the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party or is subject, or by which it, or its Property, is
bound, or conflict with or constitute a default thereunder, or result in, or
require, the creation or imposition of any Lien in, of or on the Property of
the
Borrower or a Subsidiary pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, instrument
or agreement.  No order, consent, adjudication, approval, license,
authorization, or validation of, or filing, recording or registration with,
or
exemption by, or other action in respect of any governmental or public body
or
authority, or any subdivision thereof, which has not been obtained by the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, is required to be obtained by the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery of
the
Loan Documents, the borrowings under this Agreement, the payment and performance
by the Borrower of the Obligations or the legality, validity, binding effect
or
enforceability of any of the Loan Documents.



5.4.           Financial
Statements.  The July 31, 2007, consolidated financial statements
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries heretofore delivered to the Bank were
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in effect
on the date such statements were prepared and fairly present the consolidated
financial condition and operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries at
such
date and the consolidated results of their operations for the period then
ended.



5.5.           Material
Adverse Change.  Since October 31, 2006, there has been no change
in the business, Property, prospects, condition (financial or otherwise) or
results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries which could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
















24













5.6.           Taxes.  The
Borrower and its Subsidiaries have filed all United States federal tax returns
and all other tax returns which are required to be filed and have paid all taxes
due pursuant to said returns or pursuant to any assessment received by the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, except such taxes, if any, as are being
contested in good faith and as to which adequate reserves have been provided
in
accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles and as to which no Lien
exists.  No tax liens have been filed and no claims are being asserted
with respect to any such taxes.  The charges, accruals and reserves on
the books of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of any taxes or other
governmental charges are adequate.



5.7.           Litigation
and Contingent Obligations.  There is no litigation, arbitration,
governmental investigation, proceeding or inquiry pending or, to the knowledge
of any of their officers, threatened against or affecting the Borrower or any
of
its Subsidiaries which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect or which seeks to prevent, enjoin or delay the making of any Credit
Extensions.  Other than any liability incident to any litigation,
arbitration or proceeding which could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower has no material contingent obligations
not
provided for or disclosed in the financial statements referred to in Section
5.4.



5.8.           Subsidiaries.  Schedule
5.8 contains an accurate list of all Subsidiaries of the Borrower as of the
date of this Agreement, setting forth their respective jurisdictions of
organization and the percentage of their respective Capital Stock or other
ownership interests owned by the Borrower or other Subsidiaries.  All
of the issued and outstanding shares of Capital Stock or other ownership
interests of such Subsidiaries have been (to the extent such concepts are
relevant with respect to such ownership interests) duly authorized and issued
and are fully paid and non-assessable.  Each Subsidiary of the
Borrower has and will have all requisite corporate power to own or lease the
properties used in its business and to carry on its business as now being
conducted and as proposed to be conducted.



5.9.           ERISA.  There
are no Unfunded Liabilities of any Single Employer Plans of the Borrower or
the
Guarantors.  Neither the Borrower nor any other member of the
Controlled Group has incurred, or is reasonably expected to incur, any
withdrawal liability to Multiemployer Plans.  Each Plan complies in
all material respects with all applicable requirements of law and regulations,
no Reportable Event has occurred with respect to any Plan, neither the Borrower
nor any other member of the Controlled Group has withdrawn from any Plan or
initiated steps to do so, and no steps have been taken to reorganize or
terminate any Plan.



5.10.           Accuracy
of Information.  No information, exhibit or report furnished by
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to the Bank in connection with the
negotiation of, or compliance with, the Loan Documents contained any material
misstatement of fact or omitted to state a material fact or any fact necessary
to make the statements contained therein not misleading.



5.11.           Regulation
U.  Margin stock (as defined in Regulation U) constitutes less
than 25% of the value of those assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
which
are subject to any limitation on sale, pledge, or other restriction
hereunder.



5.12.           Material
Agreements.  Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is a party to
any agreement or instrument or subject to any charter or other corporate
restriction which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.  Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is in default in the
performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants
or
conditions contained in (i) any agreement to which it is a party, which default
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) any
agreement or instrument evidencing or governing Indebtedness.



5.13.           Compliance
With Laws.  The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have complied with
all applicable statutes, rules, regulations, orders and restrictions of any
domestic or foreign government or any instrumentality or agency thereof having
jurisdiction over the conduct of their respective businesses or the ownership
of
their respective Property.
















25













5.14.           Ownership
of Properties.  On the date of this Agreement, the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries will have good title, free of all Liens other than those
permitted by Section 6.15, to all of the Property and assets reflected in the
Borrower's most recent consolidated financial statements provided to the Bank
as
owned by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries.



5.15.           Plan
Assets; Prohibited Transactions.  The Borrower is not an entity
deemed to hold "plan assets" within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101 of an
employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) which is subject
to
Title I of ERISA or any plan (within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code),
and neither the execution of this Agreement nor the making of Credit Extensions
hereunder gives rise to a prohibited transaction within the meaning of Section
406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.



5.16.           Environmental
Matters. In the ordinary course of its business, the officers of the
Borrower consider the effect of Environmental Laws on the business of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in the course of which they identify and evaluate
potential risks and liabilities accruing to the Borrower due to Environmental
Laws.  On the basis of this consideration, the Borrower and each of
its Subsidiaries has concluded that Environmental Laws cannot reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Neither the Borrower nor
any Subsidiary has received any notice to the effect that its operations are
not
in material compliance with any of the requirements of applicable Environmental
Laws or are the subject of any federal or state investigation evaluating whether
any remedial action is needed to respond to a release of any toxic or hazardous
waste or substance into the environment, which non-compliance or remedial action
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.



5.17.           Investment
Company Act.  Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is an
"investment company" or a company "controlled" by an "investment company",
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended.



5.18.           Public
Utility Holding Company Act.  Neither the Borrower nor any
Subsidiary is a "holding company" or a "subsidiary company" of a "holding
company", or an "affiliate" of a "holding company" or of a "subsidiary company"
of a "holding company", within the meaning of the Public Utility Holding Company
Act of 1935, as amended.



5.19.           Insurance.  The
certificate signed by the President or Chief Financial Officer of the Borrower,
that attests to the existence and adequacy of, and summarizes, the property
and
casualty insurance program carried by the Borrower with respect to itself and
its Subsidiaries and that has been furnished by the Borrower to the Bank, is
complete and accurate.  This summary includes the insurer's or
insurers' name(s), policy number(s), expiration date(s), amount(s) of coverage,
type(s) of coverage, exclusion(s), and deductibles.  This summary also
includes similar information, and describes any reserves, relating to any
self-insurance program that is in effect.



5.20           [Reserved]



5.21           Disclosure.  No
report or other information furnished in writing or on behalf of the Borrower
or
any Guarantor to the Bank in connection with the negotiation or administration
of this Agreement contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state
any material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements contained therein
not misleading in light of the circumstances in which they were
made.  Neither this Agreement, any Notes or the Guaranty, nor any
other document, certificate, or report or statement or other information
furnished to the Bank by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Guarantor in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement contains any
untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact in order
to make the statements contained herein and therein not misleading in light
of
the circumstances in which they were made.  There is no fact known to
the Borrower or any Guarantor which materially and adversely affects, or which
in the future may (so far as the Borrower or any Guarantor can now foresee)
materially and adversely affect, the business, properties, operations or
condition, financial or otherwise, of the Borrower, any Guarantor or any of
their respective Subsidiaries, which has not been set forth in this Agreement
or
in the other documents, certificates, statements, reports and other information
furnished in writing to the Bank by or on behalf of the Borrower or any
Guarantor in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.
















26













5.22           Intellectual
Property.  The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries owns, or is
licensed to use, all trademarks, trade names, service marks, copyrights,
technology, know-how and processes necessary for the conduct of its business
as
currently conducted (the "Intellectual Property") except for those the
failure to own or license which could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.  No claim has been asserted and is pending by
any Person challenging or questioning the use of any such Intellectual Property
or the validity or effectiveness of any such Intellectual Property, nor does
the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries know of any valid basis for any such claim,
the use of such Intellectual Property by the Borrower and each of its
Subsidiaries does not infringe on the rights of any Person, and, to the
knowledge of the Borrower, no Intellectual Property has been infringed,
misappropriated or diluted by any other Person except for such claims,
infringements, misappropriation and dilutions that, in the aggregate, could
not
have a Material Adverse Effect.







ARTICLE
VI




COVENANTS



During
the term of this Agreement, unless the Bank shall otherwise consent in
writing:



6.1.           Financial
Reporting.  The Borrower will maintain, for itself and each
Subsidiary, a system of accounting established and administered in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and furnish to the
Bank:









(i)


Within
110 days after the close of each of its fiscal years, an unqualified
audit
report certified by independent certified public accountants acceptable
to
the Bank, prepared in accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles
on a
consolidated (and if requested by the Bank consolidating) basis (except
that consolidated balance sheets and statements of operations and
retained
earnings need not be given for Inactive Subsidiaries or Active
Subsidiaries whose only asset is the Capital Stock of another Subsidiary
of the Borrower and consolidating statements need not be certified
by such
accountants) for itself and its Subsidiaries, including balance sheets
as
of the end of such period, related profit and loss and reconciliation
of
surplus statements, and a statement of cash flows, accompanied by
a
certificate of the Borrower's chief financial officer or principal
accounting officer as required under Section
6.1(ii).














(ii)


Within
45 days after the close of each fiscal quarter, for itself and its
Subsidiaries, consolidated (and if requested by the Bank consolidating)
unaudited balance sheets as at the close of each such fiscal quarter
and
consolidated (and if requested by the Bank consolidating) profit
and loss
and reconciliation of surplus statements and a statement of cash
flows for
the period from the beginning of such fiscal year to the end of such
fiscal quarter (except that consolidating balance sheets and statements
of
operations and retained earnings need not be given for Inactive
Subsidiaries or Active Subsidiaries whose only asset is the Capital
Stock
of another Subsidiary of the Borrower), all certified by its chief
financial officer or principal accounting officer as fairly presenting
the
consolidated financial position of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
for
the periods contained therein and as having been prepared in accordance
with Agreement Accounting Principles, together with a compliance
certificate and attached compliance statement substantially in the
form of
Exhibit B.





















27



















(iii)


As
soon as possible and in any event within 10 days after the Borrower
knows
that any Reportable Event has occurred with respect to any Plan,
a
statement, signed by the chief financial officer of the Borrower,
describing said Reportable Event and the action which the Borrower
proposes to take with respect
thereto.














(iv)


As
soon as possible and in any event within 10 days after receipt by
the
Borrower, a copy of (a) any notice or claim to the effect that the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is or may be liable to any Person
as a
result of the release by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, or
any
other Person of any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the
environment, and (b) any notice alleging any violation of any federal,
state or local environmental, health or safety law or regulation
by the
Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries.














(v)


Promptly
upon the furnishing thereof to the shareholders of the Borrower,
copies of
all financial statements, reports and proxy statements so
furnished.














(vi)


Promptly
upon the filing thereof, notice regarding the filing of all registration
statements and annual, quarterly, monthly or other regular reports
which
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries files with the Securities
and
Exchange Commission.














(vii)


[Reserved]














(viii)


[Reserved]














(vix)


Such
other information (including non-financial information) as the Bank
may
from time to time reasonably
request.























6.2.           Use
of Proceeds.  The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary
to, use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions for general corporate purposes,
which may include, without limitation, Acquisitions permitted under Section
6.14(iv), and, with respect to Taiwan Facility LCs, as provided in Section
2.18.1(a).  The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary
to, use any of the proceeds of the Loans to purchase or carry any "margin stock"
(as defined in Regulation U).



6.3.           Notice
of Default.  The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to,
give prompt notice in writing to the Bank of the occurrence of any Default
or
Unmatured Default and of any other development, financial or otherwise, which
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.



6.4.           Conduct
of Business.  The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary
to, carry on and conduct its business in substantially the same manner and
in
substantially the same fields of enterprise as it is presently conducted and
do
all things necessary to remain duly incorporated or organized, validly existing
and (to the extent such concept applies to such entity) in good standing as
a
domestic corporation, partnership or limited liability company in its
jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, as the case may be, and maintain
all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which
its business is conducted.



6.5.           Taxes.  The
Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, timely file complete and
correct United States federal and applicable foreign, state and local tax
returns required by law and pay when due all taxes, assessments and governmental
charges and levies upon it or its income, profits or Property, except those
which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with
respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside in accordance with
Agreement Accounting Principles.
















28













6.6.           Insurance.  The
Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, maintain with financially
sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on all their Property in
such
amounts and covering such risks as is consistent with sound business practice,
and the Borrower will furnish to the Bank upon request full information as
to
the insurance carried.



6.7.           Compliance
with Laws.  The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to,
comply with all laws, rules, regulations, orders, writs, judgments, injunctions,
decrees or awards to which it may be subject including, without limitation,
all
Environmental Laws, except where the failure to so comply could not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.



6.8.           Maintenance
of Properties.  The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary
to, do all things necessary to maintain, preserve, protect and keep its Property
in good repair, working order and condition, and make all necessary and proper
repairs, renewals and replacements so that its business carried on in connection
therewith may be properly conducted at all times.



6.9.           Inspection.  The
Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, permit the Bank, by its
representatives and agents, to inspect any of the Property, books and financial
records of the Borrower and each Subsidiary, to examine and make copies of
the
books of accounts and other financial records of the Borrower and each
Subsidiary, and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Borrower
and each Subsidiary with, and to be advised as to the same by, their respective
officers at such reasonable times and intervals as the Bank may
designate.



6.10           Dividends.  The
Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, declare or pay any
dividends or make any distributions on its Capital Stock (other than dividends
payable in its own Capital Stock) or redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire
or
retire any of its Capital Stock at any time outstanding; provided that if (i)
no
Default or Unmatured Default has occurred and is continuing or would be caused
thereby and (ii) as of the end of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower immediately
preceding the date of declaration, payment, distribution, redemption,
repurchase, acquisition or retirement, as the case may be, the Total Funded
Debt/EBITDA Ratio was less than 3.0, the Borrower may declare and pay such
dividends, make such distributions and make such redemptions, repurchases or
other acquisitions or retirements which in the aggregate do not exceed
$5,000,000 in any fiscal year.



6.11.           Indebtedness.  The
Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur or suffer
to exist any Indebtedness, except:









(i)


The
Loans, the other Outstanding Facilities, and the Reimbursement
Obligations.














(ii)


Indebtedness
arising under Rate Management
Transactions.














(iii)


The
Hurco GmbH Facility and a guaranty of payment of the Hurco GmbH Facility
from the Borrower or any
Subsidiary.














(iv)


Indebtedness
of any Subsidiary owing to the Borrower or to any other Subsidiary
and
Indebtedness of the Borrower owing to any
Subsidiary.














(v)


The
UK Facility, the Taiwan Facility (or one or more Replacement Taiwan
Facilities in an aggregate principal amount up to the principal amount
of
the Taiwan Facility when it was available), the Hurco UK Guaranty
and the
Hurco Taiwan Guaranty.





















29



















(vi)


Product
warranty obligations incurred in the ordinary course of
business.














(vii)


[Reserved]













(viii)


[Reserved]













(ix)


Subordinated
Indebtedness.














(x)


Indebtedness
(other than Indebtedness permitted above in this Section 6.11) in
an
aggregate outstanding principal amount not exceeding $10,000,000
at any
time.









6.12.           Merger.  The
Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, merge or consolidate
with or into any other Person, except (i) that a Subsidiary may merge into
the
Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary and (ii) as permitted under Section
6.14(iv).





6.13.           Sale
of Assets.  The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any
Subsidiary to, lease, sell or otherwise dispose of its Property (other than
cash) to any other Person, except:









(i)


Sales
and leases of inventory in the ordinary course of business, and licensing
of software, patents, and other assets in the ordinary course of
business.














(ii)


Leases,
sales or other dispositions of its Property that, together with all
other
Property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries previously leased,
sold or
disposed of (other than inventory in the ordinary course of business)
as
permitted by this Section during the twelve-month period ending with
the
month in which any such lease, sale or other disposition occurs,
do not
constitute a Substantial Portion of the Property of the Borrower
and its
Subsidiaries.














(iii)


Sales
of the Borrower's Capital Stock.








6.14.           Investments
and Acquisitions.  The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any
Subsidiary to, make or suffer to exist any Investments (excluding loans and
advances to, and other Investments in, Subsidiaries permitted by Section 6.11),
or commitments therefor, or to create any Subsidiary or to become or remain
a
partner in any partnership or joint venture, or to make any Acquisition of
any
Person, except:









(i)


Cash
Equivalent Investments, Investments under the Hurco Deferred Compensation
Plan made pursuant to the Hurco Deferred Compensation Plan Trust
Agreement
and existing Investments in wholly-owned
Subsidiaries.














(ii)


Other
Investments (other than Investments described in clause (i) above
of this
Section 6.14) in existence on the date hereof and described in Schedule
6.14.














(iii)


Additional
Investments comprised of capital contributions (whether in the form
of
cash, a note, or other assets), up to $1,000,000 in the aggregate,
to new
or existing Subsidiaries.














(iv)


The
Borrower or any Subsidiary may make any Acquisition so long as (i)
the
Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, shall be the survivor
of
such Acquisition, (ii) the Acquisition is of or with a Person engaged
in a
line of business similar to the lines of business presently engaged
in by
the Borrower, which include the manufacturing of machine tools,
development of software for machine tools and distribution of machine
tools, or a line of business that reasonably would be considered
an
ordinary extension of any such line of business presently engaged
in by
the Borrower, (iii) the Acquisition is consensual and not hostile
or
contested, (iv) both immediately before and after giving effect to
such
Acquisition, no Default or Unmatured Default shall have occurred
and be
continuing or would result therefrom and the representations and
warranties contained in this Agreement and in the other Loan Documents
shall be true and correct on and as of the date thereof (both before
and
after such Acquisition is consummated), (v) as soon as available,
and in
any event not less than thirty (30) days prior to the proposed date
of
consummation of such Acquisition, the Borrower shall have furnished
to the
Bank a summary of the proposed Acquisition, copies of the purchase,
merger
or investment agreement and all other documents related to such
Acquisition (the "Acquisition Documents"), copies of historical financial
statements with respect to the entity or assets being acquired, and
a pro
forma consolidated balance sheet and projected cash flows for the
Borrower
and its Subsidiaries, and pro forma covenant compliance calculations,
taking into account such acquisition, and all other business and
financial
information reasonably requested by the Bank, all in form and detail
satisfactory to the Bank, (vi) all parties to the Acquisition Documents
shall have consented to the assignment to the Bank of all rights
of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries under the Acquisition Documents and
to the
reliance by the Bank on all opinions delivered in connection with
such
Acquisition, (vii) neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries
shall,
as a result of or in connection with such Acquisition, assume or
incur any
direct or contingent liabilities (whether relating to environmental,
tax,
litigation, or other matters) that could reasonably be expected to
have a
Material Adverse Effect, (viii) immediately before and after the
consummation of such Acquisition, the sum of the unused amount of
the
Commitment plus the Borrower's cash on hand as demonstrated to the
Bank to
its reasonable satisfaction shall be not less than $5,000,000, and
(ix)
concurrently with the consummation of such Acquisition, the Borrower
and
its Subsidiaries, including without limitation each such Subsidiary
acquired or created in connection with such Acquisition, shall comply
with
all of the requirements of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents,
including without limitation causing to be executed and/or delivered
at
such time all agreements and other documents of the types required
under
Sections 4.1, 6.22 and 6.23 of this
Agreement.





















30













6.15.           Liens.  The
Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, or
suffer to exist any Lien in, of or on the Property of the Borrower or any of
its
Subsidiaries, except:









(i)


Liens
for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies on its Property
if the same shall not at the time be delinquent or thereafter can
be paid
without penalty, or are being contested in good faith and by appropriate
proceedings and for which adequate reserves in accordance with Agreement
Accounting Principles shall have been set aside on its
books.














(ii)


Liens
imposed by law, such as carriers', warehousemen's and mechanics'
liens and
other similar liens arising in the ordinary course of business which
secure payment of obligations not more than 60 days past
due.














(iii)


Liens
arising out of pledges or deposits under worker's compensation laws,
unemployment insurance, old age pensions, or other social security
or
retirement benefits, or similar
legislation.














(iv)


Utility
easements, building restrictions and such other encumbrances or charges
against real property as are of a nature generally existing with
respect
to properties of a similar character and which do not in any material
way
affect the marketability of the same or interfere with the use thereof
in
the business of the Borrower or its
Subsidiaries.





















31



















(v)


The
interest or title of a lessor under any lease (including without
limitation Capitalized Leases) otherwise permitted under this Agreement
with respect to the property subject to such
lease.














(vi)


Liens
on the assets of Hurco GmbH and Hurco BV to secure the Hurco GmbH
Facility.














(vii)


[Reserved]













(xiii)


[Reserved]













(ix)


[Reserved]














(x)


[Reserved]














(xi)


Any
Lien created to secure payment of a portion of the purchase price
of any
tangible fixed asset acquired by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
(including without limitation any such purchase money liens pre-existing
on assets acquired pursuant to any Acquisition permitted under Section
6.14(iv)) may be created or suffered to exist upon such fixed asset
if the
aggregate principal amount of all Indebted­ness secured by such Liens
plus the aggregate amount of obligations of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries under the resulting leases under all Sale and Leaseback
Transactions permitted under Section 6.17 does not exceed $10,000,000
at
any time, provided that such Lien does not encumber any other asset
at any time owned by the Borrower or such Subsidiary, and provided,
further, that not more than one such Lien shall encumber such fixed
asset at any one time.








6.16.           Affiliates.  The
Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any
transaction (including, without limitation, the purchase or sale of any Property
or service) with, or make any payment or transfer to, any Affiliate except
in
the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirements
of
the Borrower's or such Subsidiary's business and upon fair and reasonable terms
no less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than the Borrower or such
Subsidiary would obtain in a comparable arms-length transaction.



6.17.           Sale
and Leaseback Transactions.  The Borrower will not, nor will it
permit any Subsidiary to, enter into or suffer to exist any Sale and Leaseback
Transaction if the sum of the aggregate amount of obligations of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries under the resulting leases under all such Sale and
Leaseback Transactions plus the aggregate principal amount of all
Indebted­ness secured by Liens permitted under Section 6.15(xi) does not
exceed $10,000,000 at any time.



6.18.           Contingent
Obligations.  The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any
Subsidiary to, make or suffer to exist any Contingent Obligation (including,
without limitation, any Contingent Obligation with respect to the obligations
of
a Subsidiary), except (i) by endorsement of instruments for deposit or
collection in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the Reimbursement
Obligations, (iii) the Credit Obligations, (iv) the Guaranty and the Hurco
UK
Guaranty and Hurco Taiwan Guaranty, (v) the Guaranty of Underlease dated on
or
about April 30, 2002, among CMP Batteries Limited, Hurco Europe, and the
Borrower, and (vii) to the extent permitted by Section 6.11.



6.19.           [Reserved]



6.20.           Financial
Covenants.






6.20.1.


[Reserved]





















32













6.20.2.        Maximum
Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Consolidated Total
Capitalization.  The Borrower will not permit the ratio,
determined as of the end of each of its fiscal quarters beginning with the
fiscal quarter ending October 31, 2007, of (i) Consolidated Total Indebtedness
to (ii) Consolidated Total Capitalization, to be greater than 0.50 to
1.0.



6.20.3.        [Reserved]



6.20.4.        Net
Income.  The Borrower will not permit or suffer Consolidated Net
Income determined as of the end of any fiscal quarter, for the four fiscal
quarters then ending, beginning with the period of four fiscal quarters ending
October 31, 2007, to be less than $0.



6.21.           Banking
Relationship.  The Borrower will use, and cause its Domestic
Subsidiaries to use, the Bank as its primary bank of account and related account
services.



6.22.           Guaranty.  The
Borrower will promptly, but not more than 10 days after such event, cause each
Domestic Subsidiary which is acquired or created or which ceases to be an
Inactive Subsidiary after the date hereof to execute and deliver to the Bank
a
Guaranty.  The Borrower shall notify the Bank, within 10 days after
the occurrence thereof, of any Person becoming a Subsidiary.



6.23.           Further
Assurances.  The Borrower will, and will cause each Guarantor to,
execute and deliver within 30 days after request therefor by the Bank, all
further instruments and documents and take all further action that may be
necessary or desirable, or that the Bank may request, in order to give effect
to, and to aid in the exercise and enforcement of the rights and remedies of
the
Bank under, this Agreement, the Notes and the Guaranty.  In addition,
the Borrower agrees to deliver to the Bank within 30 days after the acquisition
or creation of any Subsidiary not listed in Schedule 5.8 hereto,
supplements to Schedule 5.8 such that such Schedule, together with such
supplements, shall at all times accurately reflect the information provided
for
thereon.



6.24.           Accounting
Changes.  Until the Facility Termination Date and thereafter until
payment in full of accrued interest on the Notes and the performance of all
other Obligations, the Borrower agrees that, unless the Bank shall otherwise
consent in writing it shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries
to, change their respective fiscal years or make any significant changes (i)
in
accounting treatment and reporting practices except as permitted by Agreement
Accounting Principles and disclosed to the Bank, or (ii) in tax reporting
treatment except as permitted by law and disclosed to the Bank.



6.25.           Inconsistent
Agreements.  Until the Facility Termination Date and thereafter
until payment in full of accrued interest on the Notes and the performance
of
all other Obligations, the Borrower agrees that, unless the Bank shall otherwise
consent in writing it shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries
to, enter into any agreement containing any provision which would be violated
or
breached by this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or
by
performance by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of the obligations in
connection therewith.



6.26           Negative
Pledge Limitation. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, enter into any agreement with any Person other than the Bank
pursuant hereto which prohibits or limits the ability of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of
its
assets, rights, revenues or property, real, personal or mixed, tangible or
intangible, whether now owned or hereafter acquired (provided, however, that
the
foregoing does not include any prohibition or limitation with respect to further
Liens on assets that are subject to Permitted Liens).



6.27           Government
Regulation. The Borrower shall not (i) be or become subject at any time to
any law, regulation, or list of any government agency (including, without
limitation, the U.S. Office of Foreign Asset  Control list) that
prohibits or limits Bank from making any advance or extension of credit to
Borrower or from otherwise conducting business with Borrower, or (ii) fail
to
provide documentary and other evidence of Borrower's identity as may be
requested by Bank at any time to enable Bank to verify Borrower's identity
or to
comply with any applicable law or regulation, including, without limitation,
Section 326 of the USA Patriot Act of 2001, 31 U.S.C. Section 5318.

















33














ARTICLE
VII




DEFAULTS



The
occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute a
Default:



7.1.           Any
representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries to the Bank under or in connection with this
Agreement, any Credit Extension, or any certificate or information delivered
in
connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be materially
false on the date as of which made or deemed made and such failure continues
for
more than five days following written notice thereof to the
Borrower.



7.2.           Nonpayment
of principal of any Credit Obligation when due, nonpayment of any Reimbursement
Obligation when due, or nonpayment of interest upon any Credit Extension or
of
any amendment fee, LC Fee, facility fee or other obligations under any of the
Loan Documents when due, which nonpayment continues for a period of three days
following written notice thereof to the Borrower by the Bank.



7.3.           The
breach by the Borrower of any of the terms or provisions of Section 6.10 through
Section 6.25, and such breach continues for more than ten days following written
notice thereof to the Borrower or after the Borrower otherwise becomes aware
of
such breach.



7.4.           The
breach by the Borrower (other than a breach which constitutes a Default under
another Section of this Article VII) of any of the terms or provisions of this
Agreement which is not remedied within thirty days after written notice from
the
Bank or after the Borrower otherwise becomes aware of such breach.



7.5.           Failure
of the Borrower or any of its Active Subsidiaries or any Guarantor to pay when
due any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness hereunder but including the UK
Facility and the Taiwan Facility); or the default by the Borrower or any of
its
Subsidiaries or any Guarantor in the performance (beyond the applicable grace
period with respect thereto, if any) of any term, provision or condition
contained in any agreement under which any such Indebtedness was created or
is
governed, including without limitation any event that shall occur or condition
that shall exist, the effect of which default or event or condition is to cause,
or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness to cause, such
Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity; or any Indebtedness
of
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any Guarantor shall be declared
to be
due and payable or required to be prepaid or repurchased (other than by a
regularly scheduled payment) prior to the stated maturity thereof; or the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any Guarantor shall not pay, or admit
in
writing its inability to pay, its debts generally as they become
due.



7.6.           The
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any Guarantor shall (i) have an order
for
relief entered with respect to it under the Federal bankruptcy laws as now
or
hereafter in effect, (ii) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors,
(iii)
apply for, seek, consent to, or acquiesce in, the appointment of a receiver,
custodian, trustee, examiner, liquidator or similar official for it or any
Substantial Portion of its Property, (iv) institute any proceeding seeking
an
order for relief under the Federal bankruptcy laws as now or hereafter in effect
or seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking dissolution,
winding up, liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition
of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or
reorganization or relief of debtors or fail to file an answer or other pleading
denying the material allegations of any such proceeding filed against it, (v)
take any corporate or partnership action to authorize or effect any of the
foregoing actions set forth in this Section 7.6 or (vi) fail to contest in
good
faith any appointment or proceeding described in Section 7.7.
















34













7.7.           Without
the application, approval or consent of the Borrower or any of its Active
Subsidiaries, a receiver, trustee, examiner, liquidator or similar official
shall be appointed for the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any
Substantial Portion of its Property, or a proceeding described in Section
7.6(iv) shall be instituted against the Borrower or any of its Active
Subsidiaries and such appointment continues undischarged or such proceeding
continues undismissed or unstayed for a period of 30 consecutive
days.



7.8.           Any
court, government or governmental agency shall condemn, seize or otherwise
appropriate, or take custody or control of, all or any portion of the Property
of the Borrower and its Active Subsidiaries which, when taken together with
all
other Property of the Borrower and its Active Subsidiaries so condemned, seized,
appropriated, or taken custody or control of, during the twelve-month period
ending with the month in which any such action occurs, constitutes a Substantial
Portion.



7.9.           The
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail within 30 days to pay, bond
or
otherwise discharge one or more (i) judgments or orders for the payment of
money
in excess of $100,000 (or equivalent thereof in currencies other than Dollars)
in the aggregate, or (ii) nonmonetary judgments or orders which, individually
or
in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect, which judgment(s), in any such case, is/are not stayed on appeal or
otherwise being appropriately contested in good faith.



7.10.         There
are any Unfunded Liabilities of any Single Employer Plans for which the Borrower
or any Guarantor may be liable or any Reportable Event shall occur in connection
with any Plan.



7.11.         The
Borrower or any other member of the Controlled Group shall have been notified
by
the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan that it has incurred withdrawal liability
to
such Multiemployer Plan.



7.12.         The
Borrower or any other member of the Controlled Group shall have been notified
by
the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan that such Multiemployer Plan is in
reorganization or is being terminated, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA,
if as a result of such reorganization or termination the aggregate annual
contributions of the Borrower and the other members of the Controlled Group
(taken as a whole) to all Multiemployer Plans which are then in reorganization
or being terminated have been or will be increased over the amounts contributed
to such Multiemployer Plans for the respective plan years of each such
Multiemployer Plan immediately preceding the plan year in which the
reorganization or termination occurs.



7.13.         The
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall (i) be the subject of any proceeding
or, to its knowledge, investigation pertaining to the release by the Borrower,
any of its Subsidiaries or any other Person of any toxic or hazardous waste
or
substance into the environment, or (ii) violate any Environmental Law, which,
in
the case of an event described in clause (i) or clause (ii), could reasonably
be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.



7.14.         The
occurrence of any "default", as defined in any Loan Document (other than this
Agreement) or the breach of any of the terms or provisions of any Loan Document
(other than this Agreement), which default or breach continues beyond any period
of grace therein provided.



7.15.         Nonpayment
by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any Rate Management Obligation when due
or
the breach by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any term, provision or condition
contained in any Rate Management Transaction.
















35













7.16.         Any
Guaranty shall fail to remain in full force or effect or any action shall be
taken to discontinue or to assert the invalidity or unenforceability of any
Guaranty, or any Guarantor shall fail to comply with any of the terms or
provisions of any Guaranty to which it is a party, or any Guarantor shall deny
that it has any further liability under any Guaranty to which it is a party,
or
shall give notice to such effect.



7.17.         [Reserved]



7.18.         The
representations and warranties set forth in Section 5.15 shall at any time
not
be true and correct.







ARTICLE
VIII




ACCELERATION,
WAIVERS, AMENDMENTS AND REMEDIES



8.1.           Acceleration;
Facility LC Collateral Account.  (i) If any Default described in
Section 7.6 or 7.7 occurs with respect to the Borrower, the obligations of
the
Bank to make Loans hereunder and the obligation  of the Bank to issue
Facility LCs shall automatically terminate and the Obligations shall immediately
become due and payable without any election or action on the part of the Bank
and the Borrower will be and become thereby unconditionally obligated, without
any further notice, act or demand, to pay to the Bank an amount in immediately
available funds, which funds shall be held in the Facility LC Collateral
Account, equal to the difference of (x) the amount of LC Obligations at such
time, less (y) the amount on deposit in the Facility LC Collateral Account
at
such time which is free and clear of all rights and claims of third parties
and
has not been applied against the Obligations (such difference, the "Collateral
Shortfall Amount").  If any other Default occurs, the Bank may (a)
terminate or suspend its obligations to make Loans hereunder and its obligation
to issue Facility LCs, or declare the Obligations to be due and payable, or
both, whereupon the Obligations shall become immediately due and payable,
without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which the
Borrower expressly waives, and (b) upon notice to the Borrower and in addition
to the continuing right to demand payment of all amounts payable under this
Agreement, make demand on the Borrower to pay, and the Borrower will, forthwith
upon such demand and without any further notice or act, pay to the Bank the
Collateral Shortfall Amount, which funds shall be deposited in the Facility
LC
Collateral Account.




(ii)  If
at any time while
any Default is continuing, the Bank determines that the Collateral Shortfall
Amount at such time is greater than zero, the Bank may make demand on the
Borrower to pay, and the Borrower will, forthwith upon such demand and without
any further notice or act, pay to the Bank the Collateral Shortfall Amount,
which funds shall be deposited in the Facility LC Collateral
Account.




(iii)
The Bank may at any time or from
time to time after funds are deposited in the Facility LC Collateral Account,
apply such funds to the payment of the Obligations and any other amounts as
shall from time to time have become due and payable by the Borrower to the
Bank
under the Loan Documents.




(iv)  At
any time while any
Default is continuing, neither the Borrower nor any Person claiming on behalf
of
or through the Borrower shall have any right to withdraw any of the funds held
in the Facility LC Collateral Account.  After all of the Obligations
have been indefeasibly paid in full and the Commitment has been terminated,
any
funds remaining in the Facility LC Collateral Account shall be returned by
the
Bank to the Borrower or paid to whomever may be legally entitled thereto at
such
time.



8.2.           Amendments.  The
Bank and the Borrower may enter into agreements supplemental hereto for the
purpose of adding or modifying any provisions to the Loan Documents or changing
in any manner the rights of the Borrower hereunder or waiving any Default
hereunder.
















36













8.3.           Preservation
of Rights.  No delay or omission of the Bank to exercise any right
under the Loan Documents shall impair such right or be construed to be a waiver
of any Default or an acquiescence therein, and the making of a Credit Extension
notwithstanding the existence of a Default or the inability of the Borrower
to
satisfy the conditions precedent to such Credit Extension shall not constitute
any waiver or acquiescence.  Any single or partial exercise of any
such right shall not preclude other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other right, and no waiver, amendment or other variation of the terms,
conditions or provisions of the Loan Documents whatsoever shall be valid unless
in writing signed by the Bank, and then only to the extent in such writing
specifically set forth.  All remedies contained in the Loan Documents
or by law afforded shall be cumulative and all shall be available to the Bank
until the Obligations have been paid in full.







ARTICLE
IX




GENERAL
PROVISIONS



9.1.           Survival
of Representations.  All representations and warranties of the
Borrower contained in this Agreement shall survive the making of the Credit
Extensions herein contemplated.



9.2.           Governmental
Regulation.  Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary
notwithstanding, the Bank shall not be obligated to extend credit to the
Borrower in violation of any limitation or prohibition provided by any
applicable statute or regulation.



9.3.           Headings.  Section
headings in the Loan Documents are for convenience of reference only, and shall
not govern the interpretation of any of the provisions of the Loan
Documents.



9.4.           Entire
Agreement.  The Loan Documents embody the entire agreement and
understanding among the Borrower and the Bank and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings among the Borrower and the Bank relating to the subject
matter thereof.



9.5.           Benefits
of this Agreement.  This Agreement shall not be construed so as to
confer any right or benefit upon any Person other than the parties to this
Agreement and their respective successors and assigns.



9.6.           Expenses;
Indemnification.  (i)  The Borrower shall reimburse the
Bank for any costs, internal charges and out-of-pocket expenses (including
reasonable attorneys' fees and reasonable time charges of attorneys for the
Bank, which attorneys may be employees of the Bank) paid or incurred by the
Bank
in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery,
distribution (including, without limitation, via the internet), review,
amendment, modification, and administration of the Loan
Documents.  The Borrower also agrees to reimburse the Bank for any
costs, internal charges and out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable
attorneys' fees and reasonable time charges of attorneys for the Bank, which
attorneys may be employees of the Bank) paid or incurred by the Bank in
connection with the collection and enforcement of the Loan
Documents.  The Borrower acknowledges that from time to time the Bank
may prepare (but shall have no obligation or duty to prepare) certain audit
reports (the "Reports") pertaining to the Borrower's assets for internal use
by
the Bank from information furnished to it by or on behalf of the Borrower,
after
the Bank has exercised its rights of inspection pursuant to this
Agreement.




(ii)  The
Borrower further
agrees to indemnify the Bank, its affiliates, and each of its directors,
officers and employees against all losses, claims, damages, penalties,
judgments, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, all expenses
of litigation or preparation therefor whether or not the Bank or any Affiliate
is a party thereto) which any of them may pay or incur arising out of or
relating to this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the transactions
contemplated hereby or the direct or indirect application or proposed
application of the proceeds of any Credit Extension hereunder except to the
extent that they are determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court
of
competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful
misconduct of the party seeking indemnification.  The obligations of
the Borrower under this Section 9.6 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement.
















37













9.7.           Accounting.  Except
as provided to the contrary herein, all accounting terms used herein shall
be
interpreted and all accounting determinations hereunder shall be made in
accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles, except that any calculation
or
determination which is to be made on a consolidated basis shall be made for
the
Borrower and all its Subsidiaries, including those Subsidiaries, if any, which
are unconsolidated on the Borrower's audited financial statements.



9.8.           Severability
of Provisions.  Any provision in any Loan Document that is held to
be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid in any jurisdiction shall, as to
that
jurisdiction, be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid without affecting the
remaining provisions in that jurisdiction or the operation, enforceability,
or
validity of that provision in any other jurisdiction, and to this end the
provisions of all Loan Documents are declared to be severable.



9.9.           Nonliability
of the Bank.  The relationship between the Borrower on the one
hand and the Bank on the other hand shall be solely that of borrower and
lender.  The Bank shall not have any fiduciary responsibilities to the
Borrower.  The Bank does not undertake any responsibility to the
Borrower to review or inform the Borrower of any matter in connection with
any
phase of the Borrower's business or operations.  The Borrower agrees
that the Bank shall not have liability to the Borrower (whether sounding in
tort, contract or otherwise) for losses suffered by the Borrower in connection
with, arising out of, or in any way related to, the transactions contemplated
and the relationship established by the Loan Documents, or any act, omission
or
event occurring in connection therewith, unless it is determined in a final
non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction that such losses
resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the party from
which
recovery is sought.  The Bank shall not have any liability with
respect to, and the Borrower waives, releases and agrees not to sue for, any
special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages suffered by the Borrower
in
connection with, arising out of, or in any way related to the Loan Documents
or
the transactions contemplated thereby.



9.10.         Confidentiality.  The
Bank agrees to hold any confidential information which it may receive from
the
Borrower pursuant to this Agreement in confidence, except for disclosure (i)
to
its Affiliates, (ii) to legal counsel, accountants, and other professional
advisors to such Affiliate or to a Transferee, (iii) to regulatory officials,
(iv) to any Person as requested pursuant to or as required by law, regulation,
or legal process, (v) to any Person in connection with any legal proceeding
to
which such Affiliate is a party, (vi) to such Affiliate's direct or indirect
contractual counterparties in swap agreements or to legal counsel, accountants
and other professional advisors to such counterparties, and (vii) permitted
by
Section 11.4.



9.11.         Disclosure.  The
Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the Bank and/or its Affiliates from time
to time may hold investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships
with the Borrower and its Affiliates.



9.12.         Construction
of Certain Provisions.  If any provision of this Agreement refers
to any action to be taken by any person, or which such person is prohibited
from
taking, such provision shall be applicable whether such action is taken directly
or indirectly by such person, whether or not expressly specified in such
provision.



9.13.         Independence
of Covenants. All covenants hereunder shall be given independent effect
so that if a particular action or condition is not permitted by any such
covenant, the fact that it would be permitted by an exception to, or would
be
otherwise within the limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the
occurrence of a Default if such action is taken or such condition
exists.
















38













9.14.           Interest
Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement or
the Notes, in no event shall the amount of interest paid or agreed to be paid
by
the Borrower exceed an amount computed at the highest rate of interest
permissible under applicable law.  If, from any circumstances
whatsoever, fulfillment of any provision of this Agreement or the Notes at
the
time performance of such provision shall be due shall involve exceeding the
interest rate limitation validly prescribed by law which a court of competent
jurisdiction may deem applicable hereto, then, ipsofacto, the
obligations to be fulfilled shall be reduced to an amount computed at the
highest rate of interest permissible under applicable law.  If for any
reason whatsoever the Bank shall ever receive as interest an amount which would
be deemed unlawful under such applicable law, the amount shall be automatically
applied to the payment of principal of the Loans outstanding hereunder (whether
or not then due and payable) and not to the payment of interest, or shall be
refunded to the Borrower if such principal and all other obligations of the
Borrower to the Bank have been paid in full.



9.15.           USA
Patriot Act Notification.  The following notification is provided
to Borrower pursuant to Section 326 of the USA Patriot Act of 2001, 31 U.S.C.
Section 5318:



IMPORTANT
INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT.  To help the
government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities,
Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record
information that identifies each person or entity that opens an account,
including any deposit account, treasury management account, loan, other
extension of credit, or other financial services product.  What this
means for Borrower: When Borrower opens an account, Bank will ask for Borrower's
name, tax identification number, business address, and other information that
will allow Bank to identify Borrower.  Bank may also ask to see
Borrower's legal organization documents or other identifying
documents.



9.16.           Termination
of Existing Credit Agreement; Existing US Facility LC.  The Third
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and Amendment to Reimbursement Agreement
dated as of December 1, 2003, as amended (the "Existing Credit Agreement"),
by
and between the Borrower and the Bank is terminated as of the Effective Date
and
on such date, prior to or concurrently with the first Credit Extension under
this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay in full the Outstanding Credit Exposure
(as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) and all other unpaid Obligations
(as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement); provided that the Existing US
Facility LC, which was issued pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement, shall
continue in effect, shall be deemed a US Facility LC issued and outstanding
under, and for all purposes of, this Agreement, shall count as usage of the
Commitment under this Agreement and shall be subject to all the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, including without limitation the Borrower's
reimbursement obligation, as fully as if the Existing US Facility LC were a
US
Facility LC originally issued and outstanding under this Agreement.







ARTICLE
X




SETOFF



In
addition to, and without limitation of, any rights of the Bank under applicable
law, if the Borrower becomes insolvent, however evidenced, or any Default
occurs, any and all deposits (including all account balances, whether
provisional or final and whether or not collected or available) and any other
Indebtedness at any time held or owing by the Bank or any Affiliate of the
Bank
to or for the credit or account of the Borrower may be offset and applied toward
the payment of the Obligations and the Rate Management Obligations owing to
the
Bank, whether or not the Obligations and the Rate Management Obligations, or
any
part thereof, shall then be due.

















39














ARTICLE
XI




BENEFIT
OF AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS




11.1.         Successors and
Assigns.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns,
provided that the Borrower may not, without the prior written consent
of the Bank, assign its rights or obligations hereunder or under any Notes
and
the Bank shall not be obligated to make any Loan hereunder to, or issue any
Facility LC for the account of, any entity other than the Borrower.




11.2.         Participations.









11.2.1.
Permitted Participants; Effect.  The Bank may, in the
ordinary course of its business and in accordance with applicable
law, at
any time sell to one or more banks or other entities ("Participants")
participating interests in any Outstanding Credit Exposure of the
Bank,
any Note held by the Bank, any Commitment or Taiwan Facility LC Commitment
of the Bank or any other interest of the Bank under the Loan
Documents.  In the event of any such sale by the Bank of
participating interests to a Participant, the Bank's obligations
under the
Loan Documents shall remain unchanged, the Bank shall remain solely
responsible to the Borrower for the performance of such obligations,
the
Bank shall remain the owner of its Outstanding Credit Exposure and
the
holder of any Note issued to it in evidence thereof for all purposes
under
the Loan Documents, all amounts payable by the Borrower under this
Agreement shall be determined as if the Bank had not sold such
participating interests, and the Borrower shall continue to deal
solely
and directly with the Bank in connection with the Bank's rights and
obligations under the Loan
Documents.














11.2.2.
Voting Rights.  Unless otherwise agreed between the Bank
and any Participant, the Bank shall retain the sole right to approve,
without the consent of any Participant, any amendment, modification
or
waiver of any provision of the Loan
Documents.














11.2.3.
Benefit of Setoff.  The Borrower agrees that each
Participant shall be deemed to have the right of setoff provided
in
Article 10 in respect of its participating interest in amounts owing
under
the Loan Documents to the same extent as if the amount of its
participating interest were owing directly to it as the Bank under
the
Loan Documents, provided that the Bank shall retain the right of
setoff provided in Article 10 with respect to the amount of participating
interests sold to each Participant.  The Bank agrees to share
with each Participant, and each Participant, by exercising the right
of
setoff provided in Article 10, agrees to share with the Bank, any
amount
received pursuant to the exercise of its right of setoff, such amounts
to
be shared in accordance with their respective pro rata shares of
the
Commitment or, if the Commitment is no longer available, in accordance
with their respective pro rata shares of the Outstanding Credit
Exposure.









11.3.         Dissemination of
Information.  The Borrower authorizes the Bank to disclose to any
Participant or any other Person acquiring an interest in the Loan Documents
by
operation of law or otherwise (each a "Transferee") and any prospective
Transferee any and all information in the Bank's possession concerning the
creditworthiness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including without
limitation any information contained in any Reports; provided that each
Transferee and prospective Transferee agrees to be bound by Section 9.10 of
this
Agreement.

















40













ARTICLE
XII




NOTICES



12.1.           Notices.  Except
as otherwise permitted by Section 2.8 with respect to borrowing notices, all
notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be
in
writing (including electronic transmission, facsimile transmission or similar
writing) and shall be given to such party: in the case of the Borrower or the
Bank, at its address or facsimile number set forth on the signature pages
hereof, or in the case of any future party, at such other address or facsimile
number as such future party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice
to
the Bank and the Borrower in accordance with the provisions of this Section
12.1.  Each such notice, request or other communication shall be
effective (i) if given by facsimile transmission, when transmitted to the
facsimile number specified in this Section and confirmation of receipt is
received, (ii) if given by mail, 72 hours after such communication is deposited
in the mails with first class postage prepaid, addressed as aforesaid, or (iii)
if given by any other means, when delivered (or, in the case of electronic
transmission, received) at the address specified in this Section;
provided that notices to the Bank under Article II shall not be
effective until received.



12.2.           Change
of Address.  The Borrower and the Bank may each change the address
for service of notice upon it by a notice in writing to the other party
hereto.







ARTICLE
XIII




COUNTERPARTS



This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken
together shall constitute one agreement, and either party hereto may execute
this Agreement by signing any such counterpart.  This Agreement shall
be effective when it has been executed by the Borrower and the Bank and the
Borrower has notified the Bank by facsimile transmission or telephone that
it
has taken such action.







ARTICLE
XIV




CHOICE
OF LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL



14.1.           CHOICE
OF LAW.  THE LOAN DOCUMENTS (OTHER THAN THOSE CONTAINING A
CONTRARY EXPRESS CHOICE OF LAW PROVISION) SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH
THE INTERNAL LAWS (BUT OTHERWISE WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAWS
PROVISIONS) OF THE STATE OF INDIANA, BUT GIVING EFFECT TO FEDERAL LAWS
APPLICABLE TO NATIONAL BANKS.



14.2.           CONSENT
TO JURISDICTION.  THE BORROWER IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE
NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR INDIANA STATE COURT
SITTING IN INDIANAPOLIS, INDIANA, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF
OR
RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENTS AND THE BORROWER IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT ALL
CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED
IN
ANY SUCH COURT AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER
HAVE
AS TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN SUCH A COURT
OR THAT SUCH COURT IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.  NOTHING HEREIN SHALL
LIMIT THE RIGHT OF THE BANK TO BRING PROCEEDINGS AGAINST THE BORROWER IN THE
COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.  ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING BY THE
BORROWER AGAINST THE BANK OR ANY AFFILIATE OF THE BANK INVOLVING, DIRECTLY
OR
INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED
WITH
ANY LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL BE BROUGHT ONLY IN A COURT IN INDIANAPOLIS,
INDIANA.
















41













14.3.           WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL.  THE BORROWER AND THE BANK WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN
ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER (WHETHER
SOUNDING IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED
TO,
OR CONNECTED WITH ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED
THEREUNDER.




[The
balance of this page is intentionally left blank.]





















42












IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower and
the Bank have executed this Agreement as of the date first above
written.




HURCO COMPANIES, INC.









By:           /s/ John G.
Oblazney

John
G. Oblazney

Title:       Vice
President, Secretary, Treasurer, andChief Financial Officer

One
Technology Way

Indianapolis,
Indiana  46268

Attention:  CFO

Telephone:  (317)
293-5309

FAX:
(317) 347-6201







JPMORGAN
CHASE BANK, N.A.







By:          /s/John
C.
Otteson

John
C. Otteson

Title:       Vice
President

Mail
Code IN1-0046

1
East Ohio Street, 4th Floor

Indianapolis,
Indiana
46277

Attention:  John
C.
Otteson

Telephone:  (317)
767-8335

FAX:            (317)
767-8008















43















