






Credit Agreement



Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTION COPY



U.S. $100,000,000

CREDIT AGREEMENT

Dated as of April 7, 2005

Among

COCA-COLA BOTTLING CO. CONSOLIDATED
as Borrower

THE BANKS NAMED HEREIN

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., and
WACHOVIA CAPITAL MARKETS LLC
as Joint Lead
Arrangers

WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
as Syndication Agent

and

CITIBANK, N.A.
as Administrative Agent









TABLE OF CONTENTS




Page


ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS
1
SECTION 1.01. Certain Defined Terms.	  	1
SECTION 1.02. Computation of Time Periods.	  	15
SECTION 1.03. Accounting Terms.	  	15

ARTICLE 2 AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE ADVANCES
15
SECTION 2.01. The Advances.	  	15
SECTION 2.02. Making the Advances.	  	16
SECTION 2.03. Certain Fees.	  	17
SECTION 2.04. Reduction of the Commitments.	  	18
SECTION 2.05. Repayment of Advances.	  	18
SECTION 2.06. Interest.	  	18
SECTION 2.07. Additional Interest on Eurodollar Rate Advances.	  	19
SECTION 2.08. Interest Rate Determinations; Changes in Rating Systems.	  	19
SECTION 2.09. Voluntary Conversion and Continuation of Advances.	  	21
SECTION 2.10. Prepayments of Advances.	  	21
SECTION 2.11. Increased Costs.	  	22
SECTION 2.12. Illegality.	  	22
SECTION 2.13. Payments and Computations.	  	23
SECTION 2.14. Taxes.	  	24
SECTION 2.15. Set-Off; Sharing of Payments, Etc.	  	26
SECTION 2.16. Right to Replace a Lender.	  	26
SECTION 2.17. Evidence of Indebtedness.	  	27
SECTION 2.18. Extension of Commitments.	  	27
SECTION 2.19. Increase of Commitments.	  	28

ARTICLE 3 CONDITIONS OF LENDING
30
SECTION 3.01. Conditions Precedent to Initial Borrowing.	  	30
SECTION 3.02. Conditions Precedent to Each Borrowing.	  	31

ARTICLE 4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
31
SECTION 4.01. Representations and Warranties of the Borrower.	  	31

ARTICLE 5 COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER
35
SECTION 5.01. Covenants.	  	35

ARTICLE 6 EVENTS OF DEFAULT
43
SECTION 6.01. Events of Default.	  	43

ARTICLE 7 THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT
46
SECTION 7.01. Authorization and Action.	  	46
SECTION 7.02. Administrative Agent’s Reliance, Etc.	  	46



i










SECTION 7.03. Citibank and Affiliates.	  	46
SECTION 7.04. Lender Credit Decision.	  	47
SECTION 7.05. Indemnification.	  	47
SECTION 7.06. Successor Administrative Agent.	  	47
SECTION 7.07. Arrangers.	  	48

ARTICLE 8 MISCELLANEOUS
48
SECTION 8.01. Amendments, Etc.	  	48
SECTION 8.02. Notices, Etc.	  	48
SECTION 8.03. No Waiver; Remedies.	  	51
SECTION 8.04. Costs, Expenses and Indemnification.	  	51
SECTION 8.05. Binding Effect.	  	52
SECTION 8.06. Assignments and Participations.	  	52
SECTION 8.07. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction.	  	55
SECTION 8.08. Severability.	  	55
SECTION 8.09. Execution in Counterparts.	  	55
SECTION 8.10. Survival.	  	56
SECTION 8.11. Waiver of Jury Trial.	  	56
SECTION 8.12. Confidentiality.	  	56
SECTION 8.13. Nonliability of Lenders.	  	56
SECTION 8.14. USA PATRIOT Act.	  	56



ii

Credit Agreement








SCHEDULES



Schedule I	 	- Banks, Commitments and Lending Offices
Schedule II	 	- Existing Liens Securing Indebtedness, in each case, of $5,000,000 or more
Schedule III	 	- Litigation
Schedule IV	 	- Subsidiaries
Schedule V	 	- Material Agreements
Schedule VI	 	- Permitted Investments
Schedule VII	 	- Existing Contingent Obligations

EXHIBITS

Exhibit A	 	- Form of Notice of Borrowing
Exhibit B	 	- Form of Assignment and Acceptance
Exhibit C	 	- Form of Opinion of Special Counsel to the Borrower
Exhibit D	 	- Form of Opinion of Special New York Counsel to the Administrative Agent
Exhibit E	 	- Form of Compliance Certificate of Borrower




iii

Credit Agreement








CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of April 7, 2005 among COCA-COLA BOTTLING CO. CONSOLIDATED, a corporation
organized under the laws of Delaware (the “Borrower”), the banks (each a “Bank” and, collectively, the “Banks”) listed on the signature pages hereof, and CITIBANK, N.A., a national banking
association, as administrative agent (in such capacity, the “Administrative Agent”).

The Borrower has requested that the Lenders (as hereinafter defined) make loans to it in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding $100,000,000 at any
one time outstanding for the general corporate purposes of the Borrower, and the Lenders are prepared to make such loans on and subject to the terms and conditions hereof. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1
DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS

SECTION 1.01. Certain Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms
defined):

“Acquisition Cash
Flow” means, with respect to any Person or assets, franchises or businesses acquired by the Borrower or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries, operating income for any period of determination plus any amounts deducted for depreciation,
amortization and operating lease expense in determining operating income during such period (to the extent not included in Consolidated Operating Income for such period), all determined using historical financial statements of such Person, assets,
franchises or businesses acquired with appropriate adjustments thereto in order to reflect such operating income, depreciation, amortization and operating lease expense on an actual historical combined pro forma basis as if such Person, assets,
franchises or businesses acquired had been owned by the Borrower or one of its Consolidated Subsidiaries during the applicable period. Operating income as used in the preceding sentence will be determined for the acquired Person, assets, franchises
or businesses using the same method prescribed for determining Consolidated Operating Income.

“Administrative Agent” has the meaning set forth in the introduction hereto.

“Advance” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01.

“Affiliate” means, as to any Person, any other Person (other than a Subsidiary) which,
directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. For purposes of this definition, “control” of a Person means the power, directly or indirectly, either to (a) vote 10% or more of the
securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other persons performing similar functions of such Person or (b) direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether by contract or otherwise.



Credit Agreement








“Applicable Facility Fee Rate” means, for any Rating Level Period, the
rate per annum set forth below opposite the reference to such Rating Level Period:



Rating Level Period

Applicable Facility Fee Rate


Rating Level 1 Period
0.0850	%
Rating Level 2 Period
0.100	%
Rating Level 3 Period
0.125	%
Rating Level 4 Period
0.175	%
Rating Level 5 Period
0.250	%


Each change in the
Applicable Facility Fee Rate resulting from a Rating Level Change shall be effective on the date of such Rating Level Change.

“Applicable Lending Office” means, with respect to any Lender, such Lender’s Domestic Lending Office in the case of
a Base Rate Advance and such Lender’s Eurodollar Lending Office in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Advance.

“Applicable Margin” means:

(a) for any Advance that is a Base Rate Advance, 0.000% per annum; and

(b) for any Advance that is a Eurodollar Rate Advance, for any Rating Level Period, the rate per annum set
forth below opposite the reference to such Rating Level Period:



Rating Level Period

Applicable Margin


Rating Level 1 Period
0.240	%
Rating Level 2 Period
0.275	%
Rating Level 3 Period
0.375	%
Rating Level 4 Period
0.450	%
Rating Level 5 Period
0.625	%


Each change in the
Applicable Margin resulting from a Rating Level Change shall be effective on the date of such Rating Level Change.


2

Credit Agreement








“Applicable Utilization Fee Rate” means, for any Rating Level Period,
the rate per annum set forth below opposite the reference to such Rating Level Period:



Rating Level Period

Applicable
Utilization
Fee Rate


Rating Level 1 Period
0.100	%
Rating Level 2 Period
0.125	%
Rating Level 3 Period
0.125	%
Rating Level 4 Period
0.250	%
Rating Level 5 Period
0.375	%


Each change in the
Applicable Utilization Fee Rate resulting from a Rating Level Change shall be effective on the date of such Rating Level Change.

“Arrangers” means Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Wachovia Capital Markets LLC, as Joint Lead Arrangers.

“Assignment and Acceptance” means an
assignment and acceptance entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee, and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto.

“Bank” has the meaning set forth in the introduction hereto.

“Base Rate” means, for any period, a
fluctuating interest rate per annum in effect from time to time, which rate per annum shall at all times be equal to the higher of:

(a) the rate of interest announced publicly by Citibank in New York, New York from time to time as Citibank’s base rate; and


(b) 1/2 of one percent per annum above the
Federal Funds Rate for such period.

“Base Rate Advance” means, at any time, an Advance which bears interest at rates based upon the Base Rate.

“Borrower” has the meaning set forth in the introduction hereto.

“Borrowing” means a borrowing consisting of
simultaneous Advances of the same Type made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01.


3

Credit Agreement








“Business Day” means a day of the year on which banks are not required
or authorized to close in New York City and, if the applicable Business Day relates to any Eurodollar Rate Advance, on which dealings are carried on in the London interbank market.

“Capitalized Lease” of a Person means any lease of Property by such Person as lessee which
would be capitalized on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP.

“Capitalized Lease Obligations” of a Person means the amount of the obligations of such Person under Capitalized Leases
which would be shown as a liability on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP.

“Change in Control” means that:


(a) The Coca-Cola Company and any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries shall cease to own, beneficially and of record, at least 10% of the
outstanding capital stock of the Borrower; or

(b) any “person” or “group” (as such terms are used for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act, whether or not applicable, except that for purposes of this paragraph (b) such person or group shall be
deemed to have “beneficial ownership” of all shares that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time), other than (i) The Coca-Cola Company, (ii) other
shareholders of the Borrower as of the date hereof and (iii) J. Frank Harrison III, his spouse and the lineal descendants of either of the foregoing (or trusts, corporations, partnerships, limited partnerships, limited liability companies or other
estate planning vehicles for the benefit thereof), is or becomes the “beneficial owner” (as such term is used in Rule 13d-3 promulgated pursuant to the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the aggregate voting power
of all voting shares of the Borrower; or

(c)
during any period of 25 consecutive calendar months, a majority of the Board of Directors of the Borrower shall no longer be composed of individuals (i) who were members of said Board on the first day of such period, (ii) whose election or
nomination to said Board was approved by individuals referred to in clause (i) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of said Board and (iii) whose election or nomination to said Board was approved by
individuals referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of said Board.

“Citibank” means Citibank, N.A., a national banking association.


4

Credit Agreement








“Closing Date” means the date as of which the Administrative Agent
notifies the Borrower that the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.01 have been satisfied or waived.

“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.

“Commitment” has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.01(a).

“Commitment
Termination Date” means the date five years after the date of this Agreement, as such date may be extended pursuant to Section 2.18; provided that if such date is not a Business Day, the Commitment Termination date shall be the
immediately preceding Business Day.

“Compliance Certificate” mean a certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit E.

“Consolidated” refers to the consolidation of accounts of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP.


“Consolidated Cash Flow”
means, for any period, Consolidated Operating Income for such period plus any amounts deducted for depreciation, amortization and operating lease expense in determining Consolidated Operating Income.

“Consolidated Cash Flow/Fixed Charges
Ratio” means, at any time, the ratio of (i) Consolidated Cash Flow for the then most recently concluded period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower to (ii) Consolidated Fixed Charges for such period.

“Consolidated Fixed Charges” shall mean,
for any period, the sum of (i) Consolidated Net Interest Expense for such period, (ii) the amount of obligations of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as lessees, on leases other than Capitalized Leases, accrued during such period and
(iii) payments made or required to be made by the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries during such period under agreements providing for or containing covenants not to compete.

“Consolidated Funded Indebtedness” shall mean, at any time, the aggregate outstanding
principal amount of all Funded Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, determined and consolidated in accordance with GAAP.

“Consolidated Funded Indebtedness/Cash Flow Ratio” shall mean, at any time, the ratio of (a) the aggregate amount of (i)
Consolidated Funded Indebtedness and (ii) 50% of every Contingent Obligation of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, determined and consolidated in accordance with GAAP to (b) the aggregate of (i) Consolidated Cash Flow for the then most
recently concluded period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower and (ii) Acquisition Cash Flow for such period.


5

Credit Agreement








“Consolidated Net Interest Expense” shall mean, for any period, the
aggregate net amount of interest payments of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, determined and consolidated in accordance with GAAP, excluding, however, such amounts as arise from the amortization of capitalized interest, discount and
fees reflected as an asset on the Borrower’s books and records on the date hereof.

“Consolidated Operating Income” shall mean, for any period, the net income of the Borrower and its Consolidated
Subsidiaries, before any deduction in respect of interest or taxes, determined and consolidated in accordance with GAAP, excluding, however, extraordinary items in accordance with GAAP (which shall include without limitation, in any event, any
income, net of expenses, or loss realized by the Borrower or any Consolidated Subsidiary from any sale of assets outside the ordinary course of business, whether tangible or intangible, including franchise territories and securities).

“Contingent Obligation” of a Person means
any agreement, undertaking or arrangement by which such Person assumes, guarantees, endorses, contingently agrees to purchase or provide funds for the payment of, or otherwise becomes or is contingently liable upon, the financial obligation or
liability of any other Person, or agrees to maintain the net worth or working capital or other financial condition of any other Person, or otherwise assures any creditor of such other Person against loss, including, without limitation, any comfort
letter, operating agreement, take-or-pay contract or application for a Letter of Credit, but excluding the endorsement of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business.

“Continuation”, “Continue”
and “Continued” each refers to a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Advances from one Interest Period to the next Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.09(b).

“Controlled Group” means all members of a controlled group of corporations and all trades
or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control which, together with the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, are treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.

“Convert”, “Conversion”
and “Converted” each refers to a conversion of Advances of one Type into Advances of the other Type pursuant to Section 2.08 or Section 2.09(a).

“Default” means an event that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become an Event
of Default.

“Dollars” means
the lawful currency of the United States of America.

“Domestic Lending Office” means, with respect to any Lender, the office of such Lender specified as its “Domestic Lending Office” in Schedule I or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a
Lender, or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.


6

Credit Agreement








“Eligible Assignee” means:

(a) a Lender and any Affiliate of such Lender;


(b) a commercial bank organized under the laws of the
United States, or any State thereof, and having total assets in excess of $1,000,000,000;

(c) a savings bank organized under the laws of the United States, or any State thereof, and having total assets in excess of $500,000,000;


(d) a commercial bank organized under the
laws of any other country which is a member of the OECD or a political subdivision of any such country, and having total assets in excess of $1,000,000,000; and

(e) a finance company or other financial institution or fund (whether a corporation, partnership or other
Person) which is engaged in making, purchasing or otherwise investing in commercial loans in the ordinary course of its business, and having total assets in excess of $500,000,000.

“Environmental Law” means any Federal, state or local governmental law, rule, regulation,
order, writ, judgment, injunction or decree relating to pollution or protection of the environment or the treatment, storage, disposal, release, threatened release or handling of Hazardous Materials, including, without limitation, the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, the Clean Water Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Clean Air Act, the Safe Drinking Water
Act, the Atomic Energy Act and the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, in each case, as amended from time to time.

“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations
promulgated and rulings issued thereunder.

“Eurocurrency Liabilities” has the meaning set forth in Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time.

“Eurodollar Lending Office” means, with respect to any Lender, the office of such Lender
specified as its “Eurodollar Lending Office” in Schedule I or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender (or, if no such office is specified, its Domestic Lending Office), or such other office of such Lender as
such Lender may from time to time specify to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.


7

Credit Agreement








“Eurodollar Rate” means, for any Interest Period for each Eurodollar
Rate Advance, the rate per annum (rounded upward, if necessary, to the nearest whole multiple of 1/16 of 1% per annum) appearing on Telerate Page 3750 as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the date (as to any Interest Period, the “Determination
Date”) that is two Business Days before the first day of such Interest Period, as LIBOR for a period equal to such Interest Period. In the event that Telerate Page 3750 shall cease to report such LIBOR or, in the reasonable judgment of the
Majority Lenders, shall cease to accurately reflect such LIBOR, then the “Eurodollar Rate” with respect to such Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Advance shall be the rate per annum at which deposits in U.S. dollars are offered by
the principal office of Citibank, N.A., in London, England to leading banks in the London interbank market at 11:00 A.M. (London time) on the Determination Date in an amount comparable to the amount of the related Borrowing and for a period equal to
such Interest Period.

“Eurodollar
Rate Advance” means, at any time, an Advance which bears interest at rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate.

“Eurodollar Rate Reserve Percentage” of any Lender for any Interest Period for any Eurodollar Rate Advance means the
reserve percentage applicable during such Interest Period (or if more than one such percentage shall be so applicable, the daily average of such percentages for those days in such Interest Period during which any such percentage shall be so
applicable) under regulations issued from time to time by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for determining the maximum reserve requirement (including, without limitation, any emergency, supplemental or other
marginal reserve requirement) for such Lender with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency Liabilities having a term equal to such Interest Period.

“Events of Default” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.01.

“Exchange Act” means the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time.

“Excluded Representations” means the representations and warranties set forth in Section 4.01(f), Section 4.01(g), Section 4.01(n) and Section 4.01(o).

“Existing Credit Agreement” means the Credit Agreement dated as of December 20, 2002, among
the Borrower, certain financial institutions and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, as amended.

“Facility Fee” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(a).

“Federal Funds Rate” means, for any day, a
fluctuating interest rate per annum equal for such day to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds



8

Credit Agreement









transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day,
for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Administrative
Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it.

“Funded Indebtedness” of a Person shall mean (i) all liabilities of such Person of the kinds referred to in clauses (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) of the definition of “Indebtedness” herein,
including without limitation commercial paper, of any maturity, and (ii) other indebtedness (including the current portion thereof) of such Person which would be classified in whole or part as a long-term liability of such Person in accordance with
GAAP, and shall in any event include (i) any Indebtedness having a final maturity more than one year from the date of creation of such Indebtedness and (ii) any Indebtedness, regardless of its term, which is renewable or extendable by such Person
(pursuant to the terms thereof or pursuant to a revolving credit or similar agreement or otherwise) to a date more than one year from the date of creation of such Indebtedness or any date of determination of Funded Indebtedness.

“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States of America as in effect from time to time.

“Governmental Authority” means the federal government, any state or other political subdivision thereof and any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative
functions of or pertaining to government.

“Hazardous Materials” means petroleum or petroleum products, natural or synthetic gas, asbestos in any form that is or could become friable, and radon gas, any substances defined as or included in the definition of
“hazardous substances”, “hazardous wastes”, “hazardous materials”, “extremely hazardous wastes”, “restricted hazardous wastes”, “toxic substances”, “toxic pollutants”,
“contaminants” or “pollutants”, or words of similar meaning and regulatory effect, under any Environmental Law and any other substance exposure to which is regulated under any Environmental Law.

“Indebtedness” of a Person means, without
duplication, such Person’s (i) obligations for borrowed money, (ii) obligations representing the deferred purchase price of Property or services (excluding accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of such Person’s business payable
on terms customary in the trade), (iii) obligations, whether or not assumed, secured by Liens or payable out of the proceeds or production from Property now or hereafter owned or acquired by such Person, (iv) obligations which are evidenced by
notes, acceptances, or similar instruments, (v) Capitalized Lease Obligations, (vi) net Rate Hedging Obligations, (vii) Contingent Obligations in respect of Indebtedness, (viii) obligations for which such Person is obligated pursuant to or in
respect of a Letter of Credit and (ix) repurchase obligations or liabilities of such Person with respect to accounts, notes receivable or securities sold by such Person.


9

Credit Agreement








“Interest Period” means, with respect to any Eurodollar Rate Advance,
the period beginning on the date such Eurodollar Rate Advance is made or Continued, or Converted from a Base Rate Advance, and ending on the last day of the period selected by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions below. The duration of each
Interest Period shall be one, two, three or six months or (if available to the Lenders in the opinion of the Lenders) nine or twelve months, as the Borrower may, upon notice received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 noon (New York
City time) on the third Business Day prior to the first day of such Interest Period, select; provided that:

(i) any Interest Period that would otherwise end after the Commitment Termination Date shall end on the Commitment Termination Date;


(ii) each Interest Period that begins on the
last Business Day of a calendar month (or on any day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the appropriate subsequent calendar month) shall end on the last Business Day of the appropriate subsequent calendar month; and


(iii) whenever the last day of any Interest Period would
otherwise occur on a day other than a Business Day, the last day of such Interest Period shall be extended to occur on the next succeeding Business Day, provided that, if such extension would cause the last day of such Interest Period to
occur in the next following calendar month, the last day of such Interest Period shall occur on the next preceding Business Day.

“Lenders” means the Banks listed on the signature pages hereof and each Person that shall become a party hereto pursuant
to Sections 8.06(a), (b) and (c).

“Letter of Credit” of a Person means a letter of credit or similar instrument which is issued upon the application of such Person or upon which such Person is an account party or for which such Person is in any way liable.


“LIBOR” means the rate at
which deposits in U.S. dollars are offered to leading banks in the London interbank market.

“Lien” means any lien, mortgage, security interest or other charge or encumbrance of any kind, or any other type of
preferential arrangement having substantially the same effect as a lien, including, without limitation, the lien or retained security title of a conditional vendor.

“Majority Lenders” means, at any time, Lenders having Advances representing more than 50%
of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances or, if no Advances are outstanding, Lenders having Commitments representing more than 50% of the total Commitments at such time.


10

Credit Agreement








“Margin Stock” means margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U.


“Material Adverse Change” or
“Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse change in or, as the case may be, effect on (i) the business, condition (financial or otherwise), or operations of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole,
(ii) the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or (iii) the ability of the Borrower to pay and perform its obligations hereunder.

“Material Agreements” has the meaning specified in Section 4.01(o).

“Material Indebtedness” has the meaning set
forth in Section 6.01(d).

“Material
Subsidiary” shall mean a Subsidiary which (i) owns, leases or occupies any building, structure or other facility used primarily for the bottling, canning or packaging of soft drinks or soft drink products or warehousing and distributing of
such products, other than any such building, structure or other facility or portion thereof, which is not of material importance to the total business conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as an entirety, (ii) is a party to any contract
with respect to the bottling, canning, packaging or distribution of soft drinks or soft drink products, other than any such contract which is not of material importance to the total business conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as an
entirety, and in any event includes each of the Subsidiaries indicated as Material Subsidiaries listed in Schedule IV as of the date hereof, and (iii) any Subsidiary of the Borrower that would qualify as a “significant subsidiary” under
Regulation S-X of the Securities and Exchange Commission (or its successor agency).

“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and its successors.

“Moody’s Rating” means, at any time,
the rating of the long-term senior unsecured non-credit-enhanced debt obligations of the Borrower then outstanding most recently announced by Moody’s.

“Multiemployer Plan” means any employee benefit plan which is a “multiemployer plan” within the meaning of
Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA and to which the Borrower or any member of a Controlled Group has or had an obligation to contribute.

“Note” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17.

“Notice of Borrowing” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(a).

“OECD” means the Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development.


11

Credit Agreement








“Other Taxes” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(b).


“PBGC” means the Pension Benefit
Guaranty Corporation or any successor.

“Person” means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), limited liability company, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or other entity, or a government or any
political subdivision or agency thereof.

“Plan” means an employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) to which Section 4021 of ERISA applies and (i) which is maintained for employees of the Borrower or any member of a Controlled Group or (ii) to
which the Borrower or any member of a Controlled Group made, or was required to make, contributions at any time within the preceding five years.

“Property” of a Person means any and all property, whether real, personal, tangible, intangible, or mixed, of such
Person, or other assets owned, leased or operated by such Person.

“Rate Hedging Obligations” of a Person means any and all obligations of such Person, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all
renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under (a) any and all agreements, devices or arrangements designed to protect at least one of the parties thereto from the fluctuations of interest rates, exchange rates or
forward rates applicable to such party’s assets, liabilities or exchange transactions, including, but not limited to, dollar-denominated or cross-currency interest rate exchange agreements, forward currency exchange agreements, interest rate
cap or collar protection agreements, forward rate currency or interest rate options, puts and warrants, and (b) any and all cancellations, buybacks, reversals, terminations or assignments of any of the foregoing.

“Rating Level Change” means a change in the
Moody’s Rating or the Standard & Poor’s Rating (other than as a result of a change in the rating system of such rating agency) that results in the change from one Rating Level Period to another, which Rating Level Change shall be
effective on the date on which the relevant change in such rating is first announced by Moody’s or Standard & Poor’s, as the case may be.

“Rating Level Period” means a Rating Level 1 Period, a Rating Level 2 Period, a Rating Level 3 Period, a Rating Level 4
Period or a Rating Level 5 Period; provided that:

(i) “Rating Level 1 Period” means a period during which the Moody’s Rating is at or above A3 or the Standard & Poor’s Rating is at or above A-;


12

Credit Agreement








(ii) “Rating Level 2 Period” means a period that is not a Rating Level 1
Period during which the Moody’s Rating is Baa1 or the Standards & Poor’s Rating is at or above BBB+;

(iii) “Rating Level 3 Period” means a period that is not a Rating Level 1 Period or a Rating Level 2 Period during which
Moody’s Rating is at or above Baa2 or the Standard & Poor’s Rating is at or above BBB;

(iv) “Rating Level 4 Period” means a period that is not a Rating Level 1 Period, a Rating Level 2 Period or a Rating
Level 3 Period during which the Moody’s Rating is at or above Baa3 or the Standard & Poor’s Rating is at or above BBB-; and

(v) “Rating Level 5 Period” means a period that is not a Rating Level 1 Period, a Rating Level 2 Period, a Rating Level 3
Period or a Rating Level 4 Period;

and provided
further that if the Moody’s Rating and the Standard & Poor’s Rating differ by more than one rating level, then the Rating Level Period shall be one Rating Level Period higher than the Rating Level Period resulting from the
application of the lower of such ratings (for which purpose Rating Level Period 1 is the highest Rating Level Period and Rating Level 5 is the lowest Rating Level Period).

“Register” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.06(d).

“Regulations T, U and X” means Regulations
T, U and X issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as from time to time amended.

“Reportable Event” means (i) a reportable event described in Section 4043 of ERISA and regulations thereunder (other than
reportable events for which notice has been waived pursuant to PBGC regulations), (ii) a withdrawal by a substantial employer from a Plan to which more than one employer contributes, as referred to in Section 4063(b) of ERISA, or (iii) a cessation
of operations at a facility causing more than 20% of Plan participants to be separated from employment, as referred to in Section 4062(e) of ERISA.

“Responsible Officer” means the President, the Controller, the Treasurer or the Chief Financial Officer of the Borrower.


“Solvent” means, with
respect to any Person at any time, that (a) the fair value of the Property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities (including without limitation contingent liabilities) of such Person, (b) the present fair saleable value of
the Property of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured,



13

Credit Agreement









(c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person’s ability to pay as such debts and
liabilities mature, and (d) such Person is not engaged in a business and is not about to engage in a business for which such Person’s property would constitute an unreasonably small capital.

“Standard & Poor’s” means Standard
& Poor’s Ratings Service, presently a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and its successors.

“Standard & Poor’s Rating” means, at any time, the rating of the long-term senior unsecured, non-credit-enhanced
debt obligations of the Borrower then outstanding most recently announced by Standard & Poor’s.

“Subsidiary” means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity
of which at least a majority of the securities or other ownership interests having by the terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or other persons performing similar functions of such corporation,
partnership, limited liability company or other entity (irrespective of whether or not at the time securities or other ownership interests of any other class or classes of such corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity
shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person or by such Person and one or more Subsidiaries
of such Person; provided, that notwithstanding the foregoing, Piedmont Coca-Cola Bottling Partnership, a Delaware general partnership, shall be deemed to be a Subsidiary of the Borrower so long as the Borrower owns a greater than 50% economic
interest therein.

“Taxes”
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(a).

“Telerate Page 3750” means the display designated as page “3750” on the Bridge Information Service (or such other page as may replace page “3750” on the Dow Jones Markets Service or such other service as
may be nominated by the British Bankers’ Association as the information vendor for the purpose of displaying British Bankers’ Association Interest Settlement Rates for Dollar deposits).

“Termination Event” means, with respect to
a Plan which is subject to Title IV of ERISA, (a) a Reportable Event, (b) the withdrawal of the Borrower or any other member of the Controlled Group from such Plan during a plan year in which the Borrower or any other member of the Controlled Group
was a “substantial employer” as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or was deemed such under any other provision of Title IV of ERISA, (c) the termination of such Plan, the filing of a notice of intent to terminate such Plan or the
treatment of an amendment of such Plan as a termination under Section 4041 of ERISA or (d) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate such Plan, in each case which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.



14

Credit Agreement








“Type” refers to whether an Advance is a Base Rate Advance or a
Eurodollar Rate Advance.

“Unfunded
Liabilities” means the amount (if any) by which the present value of all vested and unvested accrued benefits under a single employer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, exceeds the fair market value of assets allocable to
such benefits, all determined as of the then most recent valuation date for such Plans using the PBGC actuarial assumptions utilized for purposes of determining the current liability for purposes of such valuation.

“Utilization Fee” has the meaning set forth
in Section 2.03(b).

SECTION 1.02. Computation of Time
Periods. In this Agreement in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word “from” means “from and including” and the words “to” and “until” mean “to but
excluding”.

SECTION 1.03. Accounting Terms. (a)
All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with GAAP consistent with those applied in the preparation of the financial statements referred to in Section 4.01(e).

(b) If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any
financial ratio or requirement set forth herein, and the Borrower so requests, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower will negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of
such change in GAAP; provided that until so amended, such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP as in effect prior to such change therein.

ARTICLE 2
AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE ADVANCES

SECTION
2.01. The Advances.

(a) Each Lender severally agrees,
on and subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, to make advances to the Borrower (each, an “Advance”) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date until the Commitment Termination
Date in an aggregate amount up to but not exceeding at any one time outstanding the amount set forth under the heading “Commitment” opposite such Lender’s name on Schedule I or, if such Lender has entered into an Assignment and
Acceptance, set forth for such Lender in the Register (as such amount may be reduced pursuant to Section 2.04 or increased pursuant to Section 2.19, such Lender’s “Commitment”) and, as to all Lenders, up to but not exceeding at
any one time outstanding $100,000,000 (subject to Section 2.19).


15

Credit Agreement








(b) Each Borrowing and each Conversion or Continuation thereof (i) shall be in an aggregate amount not
less than $5,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and (ii) shall consist of Advances of the same Type (and, if such Advances are Eurodollar Rate Advances, having the same Interest Period) made, Continued or Converted on
the same day by the Lenders ratably according to their respective Commitments, except in each case as otherwise provided in Sections 2.08(e) and (f), as applicable.

(c) Within the limits of each Lender’s Commitment, the Borrower may from time to time borrow, prepay pursuant to
Section 2.10 and reborrow under this Section 2.01.

SECTION
2.02. Making the Advances.

(a) (i)
Each Borrowing shall be made on notice, given not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of such Borrowing (in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Eurodollar Rate Advances) or given not later than
11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Business Day of such Borrowing (in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Base Rate Advances), by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, which shall give to each Lender prompt notice thereof.

(ii) Each such notice of a Borrowing (a “Notice of
Borrowing”) shall be in writing in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto, specifying therein the requested (i) date of such Borrowing, (ii) Type of Advances comprising such Borrowing, (iii) amount of such Borrowing, and (iv) in the
case of a Borrowing consisting of Eurodollar Rate Advances, initial Interest Period for each such Advance.

(iii) Each Lender shall, before 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date of such Borrowing, make available for the account of its
Applicable Lending Office to the Administrative Agent at its address referred to in Section 8.02, in same day funds, such Lender’s ratable portion of such Borrowing.

(iv) Upon the Administrative Agent’s receipt of such funds and upon fulfillment of the applicable
conditions set forth in Article 3, the Administrative Agent will make such funds available to the Borrower at the Administrative Agent’s aforesaid address.


(b) Each Notice of Borrowing shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower. In the case of any Borrowing which the related Notice of Borrowing
specifies is to be comprised of Eurodollar Rate Advances, the Borrower shall indemnify each Lender against any loss, cost or expense (excluding loss of profit) reasonably incurred by such Lender as a result of any failure to make such Borrowing
(including, without limitation, as a result of any failure to fulfill, on or before the date specified in such Notice of Borrowing, the applicable conditions set forth in Article 3) and the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds
acquired by such Lender to fund the Advance to be made by such Lender as part of such Borrowing. A certificate as to the amount of such losses, costs and expenses, submitted to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent by such Lender, shall be
conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.


16

Credit Agreement








(c) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the date of any
Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s ratable portion of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such portion available to the Administrative Agent on
the date of such Borrowing in accordance with subsection (a) of this Section 2.02 and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. If and to the extent that such
Lender shall not have so made such ratable portion available to the Administrative Agent, such Lender and the Borrower severally agree to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand (but without duplication) such corresponding amount
together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to the Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable at the time
to Advances comprising such Borrowing and (ii) in the case of such Lender, the Federal Funds Rate. If such Lender shall repay to the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount, such amount so repaid shall constitute such Lender’s Advance as
part of such Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement (and such Advance shall be deemed to have been made by such Lender on the date on which such amount is so repaid to the Administrative Agent).

(d) The failure of any Lender to make the Advance to be made by it as part of
any Borrowing shall not relieve the other Lenders of their obligations hereunder to make an Advance on the date of such Borrowing, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make the Advance to be made by such other
Lender on the date of any Borrowing.

SECTION 2.03. Certain
Fees.

(a) Facility Fee. The Borrower agrees to pay
to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a facility fee (the “Facility Fee”) on the average daily amount (whether used or unused) of such Lender’s Commitment from the date hereof (in the case of each Bank) and
from the Closing Date specified in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender (in the case of each such Lender) until the Commitment Termination Date at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Facility Fee Rate. The Facility
Fee shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and on the Commitment Termination Date, commencing on the last Business Day of June, 2005.

(b) Utilization Fee. For each day on which the aggregate principal
amount of Advances outstanding exceeds an amount equal to 50% of the aggregate Commitments, the Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a utilization fee (the “Utilization Fee”) on the
aggregate principal amount of the Advances of such Lender outstanding on such day at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Utilization Fee Rate. The Utilization Fee shall be payable in respect of each Advance on each date on which interest is
payable on such Advance as specified in Section 2.06(a) hereof.


17

Credit Agreement








(c) Administrative Agent’s Fee. The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for
the Administrative Agent’s own account, an administrative agency fee at the times and in the amounts heretofore agreed between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.

SECTION 2.04. Reduction of the Commitments.

(a) The Commitment of each Lender shall be automatically reduced to zero on the Commitment Termination Date.

(b) The Borrower shall have the right, upon at least three Business
Days’ notice to the Administrative Agent, to terminate, in whole or reduce ratably in part, the unused portions of the Commitments of the Lenders; provided that the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Lenders shall not be reduced
to an amount which is less than the aggregate principal amount of the Advances then outstanding; and provided further that each partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in
excess thereof.

(c) Once reduced or terminated, the
Commitments may not be reinstated.

SECTION 2.05. Repayment
of Advances. The Borrower shall repay the unpaid principal amount of each Advance made by each Lender, and each Advance made by each Lender shall mature, on the Commitment Termination Date.

SECTION 2.06. Interest.

(a) Ordinary Interest. The Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid
principal amount of each Advance made by each Lender, from the date of such Advance until such principal amount shall be paid in full, at the following rates per annum:

(i) Base Rate Advances. While such Advance is a Base Rate Advance, a rate per annum equal to the Base
Rate in effect from time to time plus the Applicable Margin for Base Rate Advances as in effect from time to time, payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and on the date such Base
Rate Advance shall be Converted or paid in full.

(ii) Eurodollar Rate Advances. While such Advance is a Eurodollar Rate Advance, a rate per annum for each Interest Period for such Advance equal to the sum of the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable
Margin for Eurodollar Rate Advances as in effect from time to time, payable on the last day of such Interest Period and, if such Interest Period has a duration of more than three months, on each day which occurs at three-month intervals after the
first day of such Interest Period, and on each date on which such Eurodollar Rate Advance shall be Continued, Converted or paid.


18

Credit Agreement








(b) Default Interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Event of Default shall have occurred
and be continuing, the Borrower shall pay interest on:

(i) the unpaid principal amount of each Advance owing to each Lender, payable on demand (and in any event in arrears on the dates referred to in Section 2.06(a)(i) or (a)(ii) above), at a rate per annum equal at all times to 2% per annum
above the rate per annum required to be paid on such Advance pursuant to said Section 2.06(a)(i) or (a)(ii), as applicable; provided that if such Event of Default shall be continuing at the end of any Interest Period for any Eurodollar Rate
Advance, such Advance shall forthwith be Converted to a Base Rate Advance bearing interest as aforesaid in this Section 2.06(b)(i); and

(ii) the amount of any interest, fee or other amount payable hereunder that is not paid when due, from the date such amount shall be due
until such amount shall be paid in full, payable on demand (and in any event in arrears on the date such amount shall be paid in full), at a rate per annum equal at all times to 2% per annum above the rate per annum required to be paid on Base Rate
Advances pursuant to Section 2.06(a)(i) above.

SECTION 2.07.
Additional Interest on Eurodollar Rate Advances. The Borrower shall pay to each Lender additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Eurodollar Rate Advance of such Lender, from the date of such Advance until such principal
amount is paid in full, at an interest rate per annum equal at all times to the remainder obtained by subtracting (i) the Eurodollar Rate for each Interest Period for such Advance from (ii) the rate obtained by dividing such Eurodollar Rate by a
percentage equal to 100% minus the Eurodollar Rate Reserve Percentage of such Lender for such Interest Period, payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Advance. Such additional interest shall be determined by such Lender and
notified to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent.

SECTION 2.08. Interest Rate Determinations; Changes in Rating Systems.

(a) The Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the Borrower and the Lenders of the applicable interest rates determined by the Administrative Agent for the purposes of Section 2.06.

(b) If the relevant rates do not appear on Telerate Page 3750, and the
Eurodollar Rate cannot be determined on the basis set forth in the second sentence of the definition of “Eurodollar Rate”:

(i) the Administrative Agent shall forthwith notify the Borrower and the Lenders that the interest rate cannot be determined for such
Eurodollar Rate Advances for such Interest Period,


19

Credit Agreement








(ii) each Eurodollar Rate Advance will automatically, on the last day of the then
existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance, and

(iii) the obligation of the Lenders to make or Continue, or to Convert Advances into, Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that the
circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.

(c) If,
with respect to any Eurodollar Rate Advances, the Majority Lenders notify the Administrative Agent that the Eurodollar Rate for any Interest Period for such Advances will not adequately reflect the cost to such Majority Lenders of making, funding or
maintaining their respective Eurodollar Rate Advances for such Interest Period, the Administrative Agent shall forthwith so notify the Borrower and the Lenders, whereupon:

(i) each Eurodollar Rate Advance will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period
therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance, and

(ii) the obligation of the Lenders to make or Continue, or to Convert Advances into, Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and such Lenders that the circumstances causing such
suspension no longer exist.

(d) If the Borrower shall fail to
select the duration of any ensuing Interest Period for any outstanding Eurodollar Rate Advances in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of “Interest Period” in Section 1.01, the Administrative Agent will forthwith so
notify the Borrower and the Lenders and the Borrower will automatically be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of three months therefor.

(e) On the date on which the aggregate unpaid principal amount of Eurodollar Rate Advances comprising any Borrowing shall be reduced, by payment or
prepayment or otherwise, to less than $5,000,000, such Advances shall automatically Convert into Base Rate Advances.

(f) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, (x) each Eurodollar Rate Advance shall automatically, on the last day of the
then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance and (y) the obligation of the Lenders to make or Continue, or to Convert Advances into, Eurodollar Rate Advances shall automatically be suspended until such Event of Default
shall be cured or waived.

(g) If the rating system of either
Moody’s or Standard & Poor’s shall change, or if either such rating agency shall cease to be in the business of rating corporate debt obligations, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Lenders) shall negotiate in
good faith to amend the references to specific ratings in this Agreement to reflect such changed rating system or the non-availability of ratings from such rating agency (provided that any such amendment to such specific ratings shall not be
effective without the approval of the Majority Lenders).


20

Credit Agreement








SECTION 2.09. Voluntary Conversion and Continuation of Advances.

(a) Optional Conversion. The Borrower may on any Business Day, upon
notice given to the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Conversion and subject to the provisions of Sections 2.08 and 2.12, Convert all or any portion of the
outstanding Advances of one Type comprising part of the same Borrowing into Advances of the other Type; provided that (i) any Conversion of Base Rate Advances into Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be in an amount not less than the minimum
amount specified in Section 2.01(b) and (ii) in the case of any such Conversion of a Eurodollar Rate Advance into a Base Rate Advance on a day other than the last day of an Interest Period therefor, the Borrower shall reimburse the Lenders in
respect thereof pursuant to Section 8.04(c). Each such notice of a Conversion shall, within the restrictions specified above, specify (x) the date of such Conversion, (y) the Advances to be Converted, and (z) if such Conversion is into Eurodollar
Rate Advances, the duration of the initial Interest Period for each such Advance. Each notice of Conversion shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower.

(b) Continuations. The Borrower may, on any Business Day, upon notice given to the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City
time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Continuation and subject to the provisions of Sections 2.08 and 2.12, Continue all or any portion of the outstanding Eurodollar Rate Advances comprising part of the same Borrowing for
one or more Interest Periods; provided that (i) Eurodollar Rate Advances so Continued and having the same Interest Period shall be in an amount not less than the minimum amount specified in Section 2.01(b) and (ii) in the case of any such
Continuation on a day other than the last day of an Interest Period therefor, the Borrower shall reimburse the Lenders in respect thereof pursuant to Section 8.04(c). Each such notice of a Continuation shall, within the restrictions specified above,
specify (x) the date of such Continuation, (y) the Eurodollar Rate Advances to be Continued and (y) the duration of the initial Interest Period (or Interest Periods) for the Eurodollar Rate Advances subject to such Continuation. Each notice of
Continuation shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower.

SECTION 2.10. Prepayments of Advances. The Borrower may, on notice given not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the second Business Day prior to the date of the proposed prepayment of Advances (in the case of Eurodollar
Rate Advances) or given not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Business Day of the proposed prepayment of Advances (in the case of Base Rate Advances), stating the proposed date and aggregate principal amount of the prepayment, and if
such notice is given the Borrower shall, prepay, without penalty or premium, the outstanding principal amounts of the Advances comprising part of the same Borrowing in whole or ratably in part, together with accrued interest to the date of such
prepayment on the principal amount prepaid; provided, however, that (x) each partial prepayment shall be in an aggregate principal amount not less than $5,000,000 or integral


21

Credit Agreement









multiples of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and (y) in the case of any such prepayment of a Eurodollar Rate Advance on a day other than the last day of an
Interest Period therefor, the Borrower shall reimburse the Lenders in respect thereof pursuant to Section 8.04(c). The Borrower shall have no right to prepay the Advances except as provided in this Section 2.10 (or as required pursuant to the other
provisions of this Agreement).

SECTION 2.11. Increased
Costs.

(a) If, due to either (i) the introduction of or
any change (other than any change by way of imposition or increase of reserve requirements included in the Eurodollar Rate Reserve Percentage) in or in the interpretation of any law or regulation or (ii) the compliance with any guideline or request
from any central bank or other governmental authority (whether or not having the force of law), there shall be any increase in the cost to any Lender of agreeing to make or making, funding or maintaining Eurodollar Rate Advances, then the Borrower
shall from time to time, upon demand by such Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender for such increased
cost. A certificate as to the amount of such increased cost, prepared in good faith and submitted to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent by such Lender, shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

(b) If any Lender determines that compliance with any law or regulation or
any guideline or request from any central bank or other governmental authority (whether or not having the force of law) affects or would affect the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by such Lender or any corporation controlling
such Lender and that the amount of such capital is increased by or based upon the existence of such Lender’s commitment to lend hereunder and other commitments of this type, then, upon demand by such Lender (with a copy of such demand to the
Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall immediately pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender, from time to time as specified by such Lender, additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender or such corporation in the
light of such circumstances, to the extent that such Lender reasonably determines such increase in capital to be allocable to the existence of such Lender’s commitment to lend hereunder. A certificate as to such amounts, prepared in good faith
and submitted to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent by such Lender, shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

SECTION 2.12. Illegality. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent that the
introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law or regulation makes it unlawful, or any central bank or other governmental authority asserts that it is unlawful, for such Lender or its Eurodollar Lending Office to perform its
obligations hereunder to make or Continue Eurodollar Rate Advances or to fund or otherwise maintain Eurodollar Rate Advances hereunder, (i) the obligation of such Lender to make or Continue, or to Convert Advances into, Eurodollar Rate Advances
shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the


22

Credit Agreement









Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist and (ii) each Eurodollar Rate Advance of such Lender shall convert into a Base Rate
Advance at the end of the then current Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Advance.

SECTION 2.13. Payments and Computations.

(a) The Borrower shall make each payment hereunder without set-off or counterclaim not later than 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the day when due in Dollars to the Administrative Agent at its address referred to
in Section 8.02 in same day funds. The Administrative Agent will promptly thereafter cause to be distributed like funds relating to the payment of principal, interest, Facility Fee or Utilization Fee ratably (other than amounts payable pursuant to
Section 2.02(b), 2.11, 2.14 or 8.04(c)) to the Lenders for the account of their respective Applicable Lending Offices, and like funds relating to the payment of any other amount payable to any Lender to such Lender for the account of its Applicable
Lending Office, in each case to be applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Upon its acceptance of an Assignment and Acceptance and recording of the information contained therein in the Register pursuant to Section 8.06(d), from and
after the Closing Date specified in such Assignment and Acceptance, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments hereunder in respect of the interest assigned thereby to the Lender assignee thereunder, and the parties to such Assignment and
Acceptance shall make all appropriate adjustments in such payments for periods prior to such Closing Date directly between themselves.

(b) All computations of interest based on Citibank’s base rate shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days,
as the case may be, for the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such interest is payable. All computations of interest based on the Eurodollar Rate or the Federal Funds Rate
and of the Facility Fee and the Utilization Fee shall be made by the Administrative Agent, and all computations of interest pursuant to Section 2.07 shall be made by the relevant Lender, on the basis of a year of 360 days, for the actual number of
days (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such interest or fee is payable. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all
purposes, absent manifest error.

(c) Whenever any payment
hereunder would be due on a day other than a Business Day, such due date shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and any such extension of such due date shall in such case be included in the computation of payment of interest,
Facility Fee and Utilization Fee, as the case may be; provided however that if such extension would cause payment of interest on or principal of Eurodollar Rate Advances to fall due in the next following calendar month, such payment shall be
made on the next preceding Business Day.

(d) Unless the
Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment in full, the Administrative Agent may assume that the



23

Credit Agreement









Borrower has made such payment in full to the Administrative Agent on such date and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, cause to
be distributed to each Lender on such due date an amount equal to the amount then due such Lender. If and to the extent that the Borrower shall not have so made such payment in full to the Administrative Agent, each Lender shall repay to the
Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such amount distributed to such Lender together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is distributed to such Lender until the date such Lender repays such amount to the Administrative
Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate.

SECTION 2.14. Taxes.


(a) Any and all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be
made, in accordance with Section 2.13, free and clear of and without deduction for any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto, excluding, in the case of
each Lender and the Administrative Agent, taxes imposed on its income, and franchise taxes imposed on it, by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) is organized or any political
subdivision thereof and, in the case of each Lender, taxes imposed on its income, and franchise taxes imposed on it, by the jurisdiction of such Lender’s Applicable Lending Office or any political subdivision thereof (all such non-excluded
taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, withholdings and liabilities being hereinafter referred to as “Taxes”). If the Borrower shall be required by law to deduct any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable hereunder to any
Lender or the Administrative Agent, (i) the sum payable shall be increased as may be necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.14) such Lender or the
Administrative Agent (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the Borrower shall make such deductions and (iii) the Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted to the
relevant taxation authority or other authority in accordance with applicable law.

(b) In addition, the Borrower agrees to pay any present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies which arise from any payment made hereunder or from the
execution, delivery or registration of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement (hereinafter referred to as “Other Taxes”).

(c) The Borrower will indemnify each Lender and the Administrative Agent for the full amount of Taxes or Other Taxes (including, without limitation, any
Taxes and Other Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section 2.14) paid by such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) and any liability (including penalties, interest and expenses) arising therefrom or
with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally asserted. This indemnification shall be made within 30 days from the date such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) makes written demand
therefor. A certificate as to the amount of such Taxes and Other Taxes, submitted to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent by such Lender, shall be conclusive and binding (as between the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent) for
all purposes, absent manifest error.


24

Credit Agreement








(d) Within 30 days after the date of any payment of Taxes, the Borrower will furnish to the
Administrative Agent, at its address referred to in Section 8.02, the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof or other proof of payment of such Taxes reasonably satisfactory to the relevant Lender(s). If no Taxes are
payable in respect of any payment hereunder, upon the request of the Administrative Agent the Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent, at such address, a statement to such effect with respect to each jurisdiction designated by the
Administrative Agent.

(e) Each Lender organized under the laws
of a jurisdiction outside the United States, on or prior to the date of its execution and delivery of this Agreement (in the case of each Bank) and on the date of the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it becomes a Lender (in the case of
each other Lender), and from time to time thereafter if requested in writing by the Borrower (but only so long as such Lender remains lawfully able to do so), shall provide the Borrower with Internal Revenue Service form W-8BEN or W-8ECI, as
appropriate, or any successor form prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service, certifying that such Lender is entitled to benefits under an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party which reduces the rate of withholding tax on payments
of interest or certifying that the income receivable pursuant to this Agreement is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States. If the form provided by a Lender at the time such Lender first becomes a party to
this Agreement indicates a United States interest withholding tax rate in excess of zero, withholding tax at such rate shall be considered excluded from “Taxes” as defined in Section 2.14(a).

(f) For any period with respect to which a Lender has failed to provide the
Borrower with the appropriate form described in Section 2.14(e) (other than if such failure is due to a change in law occurring subsequent to the date on which a form originally was required to be provided, or if such form otherwise is not required
under the first sentence of subsection (e) above), such Lender shall not be entitled to indemnification under Section 2.14(a) or (c) with respect to Taxes imposed by the United States; provided however that should a Lender become subject to
Taxes because of its failure to deliver a form required hereunder, the Borrower shall take such steps as the Lender may reasonably request to assist the Lender to recover such Taxes.

(g) Any Lender claiming any additional amounts payable pursuant to this Section 2.14 shall use reasonable efforts
(consistent with its internal policy and legal and regulatory restrictions) to change the jurisdiction of its Applicable Lending Office(s) if the making of such a change would avoid the need for, or reduce the amount of, any such additional amounts
that may thereafter accrue and would not, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, be otherwise disadvantageous to such Lender.


25

Credit Agreement








SECTION 2.15. Set-Off; Sharing of Payments, Etc.

(a) Without limiting any of the obligations of the Borrower or the rights of
the Lenders hereunder, if the Borrower shall fail to pay when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) any amount payable by it hereunder or under any Note each Lender may, without prior notice to the Borrower (which notice is
expressly waived by it to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law), set off and appropriate and apply against such amount any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in any currency, matured or unmatured)
and other obligations and liabilities at any time held or owing by such Lender or any branch or agency thereof to or for the credit or account of the Borrower. Each Lender shall promptly provide notice of such set-off to the Borrower,
provided that failure by such Lender to provide such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application.

(b) If any Lender shall obtain any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off, or otherwise) on account of the
Advances made by it (other than pursuant to Section 2.02(b), 2.11, 2.14 or 8.04(c)) in excess of its ratable share of payments on account of the Advances obtained by all the Lenders, such Lender shall forthwith purchase from the other Lenders such
participations in the Advances made by them or make such other adjustments as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment ratably with each of them; provided however that if all or any portion of such excess
payment is thereafter recovered from such purchasing Lender, such purchase from each Lender shall be rescinded and such Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price to the extent of such recovery together with an amount equal to
such Lender’s ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Lender’s required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the
purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered. The Borrower agrees that any Lender so purchasing a participation from another Lender pursuant to this Section 2.15 may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise all its rights
of payment (including the right of set-off) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.

SECTION 2.16. Right to Replace a Lender. If the Borrower is required to make any additional payment pursuant to
Section 2.11 or 2.14 to any Lender or if any Lender’s obligation to make or Continue, or to Convert Advances into, Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be suspended pursuant to Section 2.12 (in each case, such Lender being an “Affected
Person”), the Borrower may elect, if such amounts continue to be charged or such suspension is still effective, to replace such Affected Person as a party to this Agreement; provided that, no Default or Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing at the time of such replacement; and provided further that, concurrently with such replacement, (i) another financial institution which is an Eligible Assignee and is reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent shall agree, as of such date, to purchase for cash the Advances of the Affected Person pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance and to become a Lender for all purposes under this Agreement and to assume all obligations
(including all outstanding Advances) of the Affected Person to be


26

Credit Agreement









terminated as of such date and to comply with the requirements of Section 8.06 applicable to assignments, and (ii) the Borrower shall pay to such Affected
Person in same day funds on the day of such replacement all accrued interest, accrued fees and other amounts then owing to such Affected Person by the Borrower hereunder to and including the date of termination, including without limitation payments
due such Affected Person under Section 2.11 and 2.14.

SECTION
2.17. Evidence of Indebtedness. (a) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Advance made by such Lender, including
the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder.

(b) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the date, amount, Type, interest rate and duration of Interest Period
(if applicable) of each Advance made hereunder, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent
hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender’s share thereof.

(c) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to clause (a) or (b) of this Section 2.17 shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided
that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Advances in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.


(d) Any Lender may request that its Advances be evidenced by a promissory
note. In such event, the Borrower will promptly prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note (a “Note”) payable to the order of such Lender, in a form approved by the Administrative Agent, in a principal amount
equal to the amount of such Lender’s Commitment and otherwise duly completed.

SECTION 2.18. Extension of Commitments. (a) The Borrower may, not earlier than 90 days and not later than 60 days before the Commitment Termination Date, by notice to the Administrative Agent request that the
Commitment Termination Date then in effect (the “Existing Commitment Termination Date”) be extended to the date 364 days after the Existing Commitment Termination Date. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders of
such request. The Borrower may make this extension request only once.

(b) Each Lender, in its sole discretion, shall, by notice to the Administrative Agent given not more than 60 nor less than 50 days before the Existing Commitment Termination Date, advise the Administrative Agent whether or not such Lender
agrees to such extension. A Lender that determines not to so extend its Commitment shall so notify the Administrative Agent promptly after making such determination and is herein called a “Non-Extending Lender”. If a Lender does not
give timely notice to the Administrative Agent of whether or not such Lender agrees to such extension, it shall be deemed to be a Non-Extending Lender.


27

Credit Agreement








(c) The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of each Lender’s determination on or before
the date 45 days before the Existing Commitment Termination Date.

(d) If and only if (i) the total of the Commitments of Lenders that have agreed to extend their Commitments as herein provided is more than 75% of the aggregate amount of the Commitments in effect immediately prior to the Existing
Commitment Termination Date, and (ii) immediately prior to the Existing Commitment Termination Date no Default has occurred and is continuing and the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in Section 4.01 shall be true and correct
in all material respects on and as of the Existing Commitment Termination Date as though made on and as of such date (unless expressly stated to relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct
in all material respects as of such earlier date), then effective on the Existing Commitment Termination Date the Commitment Termination Date shall be extended to the date 364 days after the Existing Commitment Termination Date (or, if such day is
not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) which date shall thereafter be the Commitment Termination Date, provided that the Commitment of each Non-Extending Lender shall in any event terminate on the Existing Commitment
Termination Date and the Borrower shall pay in full on the Existing Termination Date all amounts payable to each Non-Extending Lender hereunder.

SECTION 2.19. Increase of Commitments.

(a) The Borrower shall have the right at any time after the Closing Date to increase the aggregate Commitments hereunder in accordance with the following
provisions and subject to the following conditions:

(i) The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent, which shall promptly deliver a copy thereof to each of the Lenders, at least 20 Business Days’ prior written notice (a “Notice of Increase”) of any such requested
increase specifying the aggregate amount by which the Commitments are to be increased (the “Requested Increase Amount”), which shall be at least $10,000,000, and the requested date of increase (the “Requested Increase
Date”). Each Lender shall have the right, but no obligation whatsoever, by written notice to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent not less than 10 Business Days after the date of said Notice of Increase, to offer to increase its
Commitment by an amount specified by such Lender, which shall not be less than $1,000,000 and shall not exceed the Requested Increase Amount. Any Lender that so offers to increase its Commitment is herein called an “Increasing
Lender”. Any Lender that does not so offer within such time shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Commitment.


28

Credit Agreement








(ii) If the aggregate amount of the increases offered pursuant to sub-clause (i) above
exceeds the Requested Increase Amount, the increase shall be allocated ratably among the Increasing Lenders.

(iii) If the aggregate amount of the increases offered pursuant to sub-clause (i) above is less than the Requested Increase Amount, the
Borrower may, through the Administrative Agent, offer the balance of the Requested Increase Amount to one or more other financial institutions, each of which must be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; provided, that the
Commitment to be acquired hereunder by any such other financial institution shall not be less than $1,000,000. Any such other financial institution that agrees to acquire a Commitment pursuant hereto is herein called an “Additional
Lender”.

(iv) Effective on the
Requested Increase Date, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, (x) Schedule I shall be deemed amended to reflect the increases contemplated hereby, (y) the Commitment of each Increasing Lender shall be increased by the amount determined
pursuant to sub-clauses (i) and (ii) above, and (z) each Additional Lender shall enter into an agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent pursuant to which it shall undertake, as of such Requested
Increase Date, a new Commitment in the amount determined pursuant to sub-clause (iii) above, and such Additional Lender shall thereupon be deemed to be a Lender for all purposes of this Agreement. Each Additional Lender may request a Note in
accordance with Section 2.17(d).

(v) If on
the Requested Increase Date there are Advances outstanding hereunder, appropriate adjustments shall be made (by the making of Advances by the Increasing Lenders and the Additional Lenders and/or the prepayment of outstanding Advances) as necessary
to cause the outstanding Advances to be held ratably by all Lenders.

(vi) The Borrower may not exercise its rights under this Section 2.19 more than once in each successive annual period commencing on the Closing Date.

(b) Anything in this Section 2.19 to the contrary notwithstanding, no increase in the aggregate Commitments hereunder
pursuant to this Section shall be effective unless:

(i) as of the date of the relevant Notice of Increase and on the relevant Requested Increase Date and after giving effect to such increase, (x) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (y) the representations
and warranties of the Borrower in Article 4 (subject to updating in the case of Sections 4.01(n) and 4.01(o)) shall be true and correct in all material respects as if made on and as of such date (unless expressly stated to relate to an earlier date,
in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date);


29

Credit Agreement








(ii) on and as of the date of the relevant Notice of Increase and on the relevant
Requested Increase Date and after giving effect to such increase, the Moody’s Rating and the S&P Rating shall be at least equal to Baa3 and BBB- respectively;

(iii) the Borrower shall not previously have reduced the Commitments under Section 2.04; and

(iv) after giving effect to any such increase the aggregate
amount of the Commitments shall not exceed $150,000,000.

ARTICLE 3
CONDITIONS OF LENDING

SECTION 3.01. Conditions Precedent to Initial Borrowing. The obligation of each Lender to make an Advance on the
occasion of the initial Borrowing is subject to the condition precedent that the Closing Date shall occur on or before April 11, 2005, and that the Administrative Agent shall have received the following, each (unless otherwise specified below) dated
the Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (except for the items in clauses (a), (b) and (c)) in sufficient copies for each Lender:

(a) Certified copies of (x) the certificate of incorporation and by-laws of the Borrower, (y) the
resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Borrower authorizing the making and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, and (z) documents evidencing all other necessary corporate action and
governmental approvals, if any, with respect to this Agreement.

(b) A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Borrower certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of the Borrower authorized to sign this Agreement and the other documents to be
delivered hereunder.

(c) A certificate from
the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware dated a date reasonably close to the date hereof as to the good standing of and certificate of incorporation filed by the Borrower.

(d) A favorable opinion of Kennedy Covington Lobdell & Hickman, L.L.P., special counsel to the Borrower,
substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto.

(e) A favorable opinion of Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP, special New York counsel to the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit D hereto.


30

Credit Agreement








(f) A certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that (i) no Default
or Event of Default as of the date thereof has occurred and is continuing, and (ii) the representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01 are true and correct on and as of the date thereof as if made on and as of such date.

(g) Evidence of the termination of the commitment of each
lender under the Existing Credit Agreement and of the payment by the Borrower of all amounts whatsoever payable by it under the Existing Credit Agreement.

(h) Notes, payable to the order of the respective Lenders that have requested the same prior to the Closing Date, duly completed and
executed.

(i) Such other documents relating
to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby as the Administrative Agent or any Lender through the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.

SECTION 3.02. Conditions Precedent to Each Borrowing. The obligation of each Lender to make an Advance on the occasion of each Borrowing (including
without limitation the initial Borrowing) shall be subject to the further conditions precedent that on the date of such Borrowing the following statements shall be true (and each of the giving of the applicable Notice of Borrowing and the acceptance
by the Borrower of the proceeds of such Borrowing shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower that on the date of such Borrowing such statements are true):

(a) the representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01 (excluding, in the case of any Borrowing
after the initial Borrowing, the Excluded Representations) are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Borrowing, before and after giving effect to such Borrowing and to the application of the proceeds therefrom, as
though made on and as of such date (unless expressly stated to relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date); and

(b) No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, or would result from such Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds thereof.

ARTICLE 4
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

SECTION 4.01. Representations and Warranties of the Borrower. The
Borrower represents and warrants as follows:

(a) The Borrower and each of its Material Subsidiaries (i) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization,



31

Credit Agreement









(ii) is duly qualified and in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which it owns or leases property or in which the conduct of its business requires
it to so qualify or be licensed and where, in each case, failure so to qualify and be in good standing could have a Material Adverse Effect and (iii) has all requisite power and authority to own or lease and operate its Property and to carry on its
business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted.

(b) The making and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement are within the Borrower’s corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not violate (i) any provision of
the Borrower’s certificate of incorporation or by-laws, (ii) any agreement, indenture or other contractual restriction binding on the Borrower, (iii) any law, rule or regulation (including, without limitation, the Securities Act of 1933 and the
Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder, and Regulations T, U or X), or (iv) any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award binding on the Borrower. The Borrower is not in violation of any such law, rule, regulation,
order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award or in breach of any contractual restriction binding upon it, except for such violation or breach which would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) No authorization or approval or other action by, and no
notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required (other than those which have been obtained) for the making and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement or for the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability thereof.


(d) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid
and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights of
creditors generally and except as the enforceability of this Agreement is subject to the application of general principles of equity (regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), including, without limitation, (i) the
possible unavailability of specific performance, injunctive relief or any other equitable remedy and (ii) concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing.

(e) (i) The consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as at January 2,
2005, and the related consolidated statements of operations, cash flows and changes in stockholders’ equity for the fiscal year ended on such date, audited by Pricewaterhouse Coopers L.L.P., copies of which have heretofore been furnished to
each Lender, are complete and correct in all material respects and present fairly the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of such date, and the consolidated results of their operations, cash flows
and changes in stockholders’ equity for the fiscal year then ended.


32

Credit Agreement








(ii) All such financial statements, including the related schedules and notes thereto,
have been prepared in accordance with GAAP for the periods involved.

(iii) As of the date hereof, neither the Borrower nor any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries has any material Contingent Obligation or liability for taxes, long-term lease or unusual forward or long-term commitment
which is not reflected herein or in the schedules and exhibits hereto or in the foregoing financial statements or in the notes thereto.

(f) Since January 2, 2005, no Material Adverse Change has occurred.

(g) Except as disclosed in Schedule III, no litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any court
or Governmental Authority is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened by or against the Borrower or any of its Material Subsidiaries or against any of its or their respective Property or revenues (i) with respect to this Agreement or
the Notes or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or (ii) which, in the reasonable judgment of the Borrower, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(h) The Borrower is not engaged in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no
proceeds of any Advance will be used for the purpose, whether immediate, incidental or ultimate, of buying or carrying Margin Stock, or for any purpose that violates or would be inconsistent with the provisions of Regulations T, U and X.


(i) The Borrower is not an “investment
company”, or a Person “controlled by” an “investment company”, as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(j) All information that has been made available by the Borrower or any of its representatives to the
Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement was, on or as of the dates on which such information was made available, complete and correct in all material respects and did not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading in light of the time and circumstances under which such statements were made.

(k) A copy of the most recent Annual Report (5500 Series Form), including all attachments thereto, filed
with the Internal Revenue Service for each Plan, has been provided to the Administrative Agent and fairly presents the funding status of each Plan as of the date of each such Annual Report. There has been no deterioration in any single Plan’s
funding status, or, collectively, all of the Plan’s funding status since the date of such Annual Report that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower has provided the Administrative Agent with a list of all
Plans and



33

Credit Agreement









Multiemployer Plans and all available information with respect to direct, indirect, or potential withdrawal liability to any Multiemployer Plan of the
Borrower or any member of a Controlled Group.

(l) The Borrower and each of its Material Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws, statutes, rules, regulations and orders binding on or applicable to the Borrower or such Material Subsidiary (including, without limitation, ERISA and
all Environmental Laws) and all of their respective Property, subject to the possible implications of the litigation and proceedings described in Schedule III and except to the extent failure to so comply could not (either individually or in the
aggregate) reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has filed or caused to be filed all tax returns which to the knowledge of the Borrower are required to be filed and has paid all taxes shown to be due and payable on said
returns or on any assessments made against it or any of its Property and all other taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its Property by any Governmental Authority (other than those the amount or validity of which is currently being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, or those the failure to pay which, in the
aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect); and (i) no tax liens have been filed and (ii) to the knowledge of the Borrower, no claims are being asserted with respect to any such taxes, fees or other charges, which, either individually or
in the aggregate, are in excess of $1,000,000, other than as disclosed in Schedule III.

(n) Schedule IV contains an accurate list of all of the presently existing Subsidiaries and Material Subsidiaries, setting forth their
respective jurisdictions of incorporation and the percentage of their respective outstanding capital stock or other equity interests owned by the Borrower or other Subsidiaries and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock or other
equity interests of the Subsidiaries have been duly authorized and issued and are fully paid and non-assessable.

(o) The agreements identified on Schedule V (the “Material Agreements”) are all of the material business contracts (other
than purchase and sales agreements and credit agreements) to which the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary is a party; each Material Agreement is in full force and effect; and the Borrower and its Material Subsidiaries are in material compliance
with the terms and provisions applicable to them contained in the Material Agreements.

(p) The Borrower is, and immediately after the making of each Borrowing will be, Solvent.


34

Credit Agreement








ARTICLE 5
COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER

SECTION 5.01. Covenants. So long as any Commitment shall remain in effect and until payment in full of all amounts payable by the Borrower hereunder, unless the Majority Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing:

(a) Financial Statements. The Borrower will furnish to each Lender:


(i) as soon as available, but in any event
within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, copies of the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such year and of the related consolidated statements of operations, cash
flows and changes in stockholders’ equity for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, certified without qualification arising out of the scope of the audit, by independent certified public
accountants of nationally recognized standing;

(ii) as soon as available, but in any event not later than 45 days after the end of each of the first three quarterly periods of each fiscal year of the Borrower, copies of the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and of the related unaudited consolidated statements of operations, cash flows and changes in stockholders’ equity of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for such quarterly
period and the portion of the fiscal year through such date, setting forth in each case in comparative form figures for the previous year, certified by a Responsible Officer (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments);

(iii) concurrently with the delivery of the financial
statements referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above, a Compliance Certificate;

(iv) promptly upon the filing thereof, copies of all registration statements and annual, quarterly or other regular reports which the
Borrower files with the Securities and Exchange Commission; and

(v) such other information relating to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request.

All such financial statements shall be complete and correct in all material respects and
shall be prepared in reasonable detail and in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods reflected therein (except as approved by such accountants or officer, as the case may be, and disclosed therein).

(b) Use of Proceeds. The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary
to, use the proceeds of the Advances solely for its general corporate purposes; provided that neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any responsibility as to the use of any such proceeds.


35

Credit Agreement








(c) Certain Notices.

(1) The Borrower will give notice in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of (i) the occurrence of any
Default or Event of Default and (ii) any change in the rating of the long-term senior unsecured non-credit-enhanced debt obligations of the Borrower by Moody’s or Standard & Poor’s, each such notice to be given promptly and in any
event within five days after occurrence thereof.

(2) Promptly
after the Borrower, any member of a Controlled Group or any administrator of a Plan:

(i) receives the notification referred to in clauses (i), (iv) or (vii) of Section 6.01(h),

(ii) has knowledge of (A) the occurrence of a Reportable
Event with respect to a Plan; (B) any event which has occurred or any action which has been taken to amend or terminate a Plan as referred to in clauses (ii) and (vi) of Section 6.01(h); (C) any event which has occurred or any action which has been
taken which could result in complete withdrawal, partial withdrawal, or secondary liability for withdrawal liability payments with respect to a Multiemployer Plan as referred to in clause (vii) of Section 6.01(h); or (D) any action which has been
taken in furtherance of, any agreement which has been entered into for, or any petition which has been filed with a United States district court for, the appointment of a trustee for a Plan as referred to in clause (iii) of Section 6.01(h), or


(iii) files a notice of intent to terminate a
Plan with the Internal Revenue Service or the PBGC; or files with the Internal Revenue Service a request pursuant to Section 412(d) of the Code for a variance from the minimum funding standard for a Plan; or files a return with the Internal Revenue
Service with respect to the tax imposed under Section 4971(a) of the Code for failure to meet the minimum funding standards established under Section 412 of the Code for a Plan,

the Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent a copy of any notice received, request or petition filed and agreement entered into;
the most recent Annual Report (Form 5500 Series) and attachments thereto for the Plan; the most recent actuarial report for the Plan; any notice, return or materials required to be filed with the Internal Revenue Service in connection with the
event, action or filing; and a written statement of a Responsible Officer describing the event or the action taken and the reasons therefor.

(d) Conduct of Business. The Borrower will, and will cause each Material Subsidiary to, do all things necessary (if applicable) to remain duly
incorporated, validly existing



36

Credit Agreement









and in good standing as a domestic corporation in its jurisdiction of incorporation and maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each
jurisdiction in which its business is conducted except where such failure to remain in good standing or to maintain such authority may not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower will continue to engage in its business
substantially as conducted on the date hereof, and, except where such failure may not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, will cause its Subsidiaries to continue to engage in their business substantially as conducted on the
date hereof.

(e) Taxes. The Borrower will, and will
cause each Subsidiary to, pay when due all material taxes, assessments and governmental charges and levies upon it or its income, profits or Property, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect
to which adequate reserves have been set aside.

(f)
Insurance. The Borrower will, and will cause each Material Subsidiary to, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on all or substantially all of its Property, in such amounts and covering such risks as is
consistent with sound business practice for Persons in substantially the same industry as the Borrower or such Subsidiary, and the Borrower will furnish to any Lender upon request full information as to the insurance carried.

(g) Compliance with Laws. The Borrower will, and will cause each
Subsidiary to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations, orders, writs, judgments, injunctions, decrees or awards to which it may be subject (including ERISA and applicable Environmental Laws), except where the failure to so comply could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(h)
Maintenance of Properties. The Borrower will, and will cause each Material Subsidiary to, do all things necessary to maintain, preserve, protect and keep its Property in good repair, working order and condition, and make all necessary and
proper repairs, renewals and replacements so that its business carried on in connection therewith may be properly conducted at all times, except where the failure to so maintain, preserve, protect and repair could not reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect.

(i) Inspection. The Borrower
will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, permit the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (coordinated through the Administrative Agent), at their sole cost and expense (except that if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower
will indemnify the Administrative Agent and the Lenders against such cost and expense), to inspect any of the Property, corporate books and financial records of the Borrower and such Subsidiary, to examine and make copies of the books of account and
other financial records of the Borrower and each Subsidiary, and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Borrower and each Subsidiary with, and to be advised as to the same by, their respective officers upon reasonable notice and at
such reasonable times during the Borrower’s normal business hours and intervals as the Lenders may designate.


37

Credit Agreement








(j) Merger. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Material Subsidiary to, merge or
consolidate with or into any other Person, except that (a) a Material Subsidiary may merge into the Borrower or another Material Subsidiary and (b) the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary may merge or consolidate with any other Person,
provided that (1) in the case of such a merger or consolidation involving the Borrower, the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving corporation and (2) in the case of such a merger or consolidation involving a Material Subsidiary, a
Material Subsidiary shall be the continuing or surviving corporation, provided further that nothing herein shall be deemed to prohibit a merger or consolidation by a Subsidiary with or into another Person (other than the Borrower) in connection with
an exchange of bottling territories permitted under Sections 5.01(m)(ix) and 5.01(n)(vii), and provided further that in each case, prior to and after giving effect to any such merger or consolidation, no Default or Event of Default shall exist.


(k) Preservation of Material Agreements. Except in
connection with dispositions of assets or other transactions permitted by this Agreement, the Borrower will, and will cause its Subsidiaries to, use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain in full force and effect all material agreements
necessary for the conduct of the Borrower’s business, except where such failure to so use such commercially reasonable efforts could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l) Liens. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary
to, create, incur, or suffer to exist any Lien in or on the Property of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except:

(i) the existing Liens listed in Schedule II hereto and other Liens existing on the date hereof securing an
obligation in an amount, in the case of each such obligation, of less than $5,000,000 (and extension, renewal and replacement Liens upon the same Property previously subject to such an existing Lien, provided the amount secured by each Lien
constituting such an extension, renewal or replacement Lien shall not exceed the amount secured by the Lien previously existing);

(ii) Liens arising from taxes, assessments, or claims described in Section 5.01(o) hereof that are not yet due or that remain payable
without penalty or to the extent permitted to remain unpaid under the proviso to such Section 5.01(o);

(iii) deposits or pledges to secure worker’s compensation, unemployment insurance, old age benefits or other social security
obligations, or in connection with or to secure the performance of bids, tenders, trade contracts or leases, or to secure statutory obligations, or stay, surety or appeal bonds, or other pledges or deposits of like nature and all in the ordinary
course of business;

(iv) Liens on Property
securing all or part of the purchase price thereof (including without limitation Liens in respect of leases of personal or real Property) and Liens (whether or not assumed) existing in Property at the time of purchase thereof by the



38

Credit Agreement









Borrower or a Subsidiary, as the case may be (and extension, renewal and replacement Liens upon the same property previously subject to a Lien described in
this clause (iv), provided the amount secured by each Lien constituting such extension, renewal or replacement shall not exceed the amount secured by the Lien previously existing), provided that each such Lien is confined solely to the
Property so purchased, improvements thereto and proceeds thereof;

(v) Liens resulting from progress payments or partial payments under United States Government contracts or subcontracts thereunder;

(vi) Liens arising from legal proceedings, so long as such proceedings are being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and execution is stayed on all judgments resulting from any such proceedings;

(vii) zoning restrictions, easements, minor restrictions on the use of real property, minor irregularities in title thereto and other
minor Liens that do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value of a Property to, or materially impair its use in the business of, the Borrower or such Subsidiary; and

(viii) other Liens securing Indebtedness in an aggregate amount, as to all Liens under this clause (viii),
not exceeding $50,000,000 at any time outstanding.

(m)
Investments. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, at any time purchase, acquire or own any stock, bonds, notes or other securities of, or any partnership or other interest in, or make any capital contribution to, any
other Person (any of the foregoing being referred to in this clause (m) as an “investment”), except:

(i) investments, in addition to those otherwise permitted hereunder, listed on Schedule VI;

(ii) investments in Subsidiaries (subject to Section
5.01(m)(xii)) and investments in any cooperative providing bottling, canning or other productive goods or services to the Borrower or any Subsidiary;

(iii) investments in obligations backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America;

(iv) investments in certificates of deposit issued (i) by
any of the Lenders, or (ii) by any bank or by United States or Canadian commercial banks having shareholders’ equity of at least $500,000,000 and whose long term obligations are rated “AA” or “Aa” by Standard &
Poor’s or Moody’s, respectively;


39

Credit Agreement








(v) investments in commercial paper or corporate promissory notes maturing, or which may
be redeemed by the holder, not more than six months after the date of acquisition and rated “A-1” by Standard & Poor’s Corporation or “P-1” by Moody’s;

(vi) investments in repurchase agreements held in safekeeping at substantial repositories and secured by
investments of the kind listed in clauses (iii), (iv) and (v) above;

(vii) investments in time deposits denominated in Dollars in commercial banks (including branch offices of United States banks) located in Western Europe and having shareholders’ equity of at least $500,000,000;


(viii) investments in assets, franchises and
businesses after the date hereof, the result of which does not cause the Borrower to violate any term of this Section 5.01, and as to which in the case of each such investment, the chief financial officer of the Borrower shall have sent to each Bank
a certificate certifying that the acquisition is permitted hereunder including this clause (m), and in the event that the purchase price of any soft drink bottling assets, franchises and business acquired singly or as a group exceeds $50,000,000
shall have sent to each Lender a copy of audited and/or unaudited financial statements for the most recently completed fiscal year and interim period relating to the assets, franchises and businesses acquired;

(ix) investments in Persons, assets, franchises and
businesses after the date hereof in connection with an exchange of bottling territories; provided that on a pro forma basis after giving effect to each such investment (including without limitation giving effect to Acquisition Cash Flow for the
relevant period) and the related disposition of bottling territories by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, the Borrower remains in compliance with the covenants set forth in Sections 5.01(q) and (r);

(x) investments in wholly-owned Subsidiaries formed for the
purpose of making investments permitted hereunder;

(xi) other investments not exceeding $5,000,000 in the aggregate at any time for the Borrower and all Subsidiaries; and

(xii) investments in Consolidated Subsidiaries created or acquired after the date hereof up to but not exceeding $50,000,000 in any fiscal
year of the Borrower;

provided that anything herein to the
contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower will not, and will not permit its Subsidiaries to, acquire controlling interests in any Person or Persons whose principal business is outside the beverage industry if the aggregate consideration paid in respect
of all such acquisitions after the date hereof would exceed $125,000,000.


40

Credit Agreement








(n) Asset Dispositions. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, sell,
convey, assign, abandon or otherwise transfer or dispose of, voluntarily or involuntarily (any of the foregoing being referred to in this clause (n) as a “transaction” and any series of related transactions constituting but a single
transaction), any of its Property, tangible or intangible, except:

(i) transactions (including sales of trucks, vending machines and other equipment) in the ordinary course of business;

(ii) transactions between Consolidated Subsidiaries or between the Borrower and Consolidated Subsidiaries;

(iii) any sale of real property not used in the current
operations of the Borrower, provided that the aggregate proceeds of sales pursuant to this clause (iii) shall not exceed $25,000,000 in any fiscal year of the Borrower;

(iv) other sales, conveyances, assignments or other transfers or dispositions in immediate exchange for cash
or tangible assets, subject to prior approval in each case by the Majority Lenders;

(v) other sales, conveyances, assignments or other transfers or dispositions that do not in the aggregate exceed $10,000,000 in any fiscal
year of the Borrower;

(vi) the sale for cash
of any and all accounts receivable in a face amount not to exceed $50,000,000;

(vii) dispositions of Persons, assets, franchises and businesses after the date hereof in connection with an exchange of bottling
territories; provided that on a pro forma basis after giving effect to any such disposition and the related acquisition of bottling territories by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, the Borrower remains in compliance with the covenants set forth in
Sections 5.01(q) and (r);

(viii) transfers or
dispositions for cash, other than as provided by clauses (i) through (vii) above, if on the date of the consummation thereof, if such date is prior to the Commitment Termination Date, the Commitments are permanently reduced on such date by the
amount equal to the cash proceeds of such transfers or dispositions less the amount of transaction costs and income taxes incurred by the Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries in connection with such transfer or disposition.

(o) Taxes. The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, pay
or discharge any of the following described taxes, assessments, charges, levies, claims and liabilities which are material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries when taken as a whole:

(i) on or prior to the date on which penalties attach thereto, all taxes, assessments and other governmental
charges or levies imposed upon it or any of its Property or income;


41

Credit Agreement








(ii) on or prior to the date when due, all lawful claims of materialmen, mechanics,
carriers, warehousemen, landlords and other like Persons which, if unpaid, might result in the creation of a Lien upon any such Property; and

(iii) on or prior to the date when due, all other lawful claims which, if unpaid, might result in the creation of a Lien upon any such
Property (other than Liens not forbidden by Section 5.01(l) hereof) or which, if unpaid, might give rise to a claim entitled to priority over general creditors of the Borrower or such Subsidiary in a case under Title 11 (Bankruptcy) of the United
States Code, as amended, or in any insolvency proceeding or dissolution or winding-up involving the Borrower or such Subsidiary;

provided that unless and until foreclosure, distraint, levy, sale or similar proceedings shall have been commenced, the Borrower or such Subsidiary need not pay or
discharge any such tax, assessment, charge, levy, claim or current liability so long as the validity thereof is contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and so long as such reserves or other appropriate provisions
as may be required by GAAP shall have been made therefor and so long as such failure to pay or discharge does not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(p) Subsidiary Debt. The Borrower will not permit any Subsidiary to incur or permit to exist any Indebtedness except (i) Indebtedness to the
Borrower or another Subsidiary and (ii) other Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not exceeding $5,000,000 at any time outstanding.

(q) Consolidated Cash Flow/Fixed Charges Ratio. The Borrower will not permit the Consolidated Cash Flow/Fixed Charges Ratio, as determined
quarterly as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower (and treating such fiscal quarter as having been completed), to be less than 1.5 to 1.

(r) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness/Cash Flow Ratio. The Borrower will not permit the Consolidated Funded Indebtedness/Cash Flow Ratio, as
determined quarterly as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower (and treating such fiscal quarter as having been completed), to exceed 6.0 to 1.


(s) Contingent Obligations. The Borrower will not, and will not permit its Subsidiaries to, incur Contingent Obligations in respect of
Indebtedness of any Person in excess of $100,000,000 in the aggregate at any time (excluding Contingent Obligations existing on the date hereof and disclosed in Schedule VII).


42

Credit Agreement








ARTICLE 6
EVENTS OF DEFAULT

SECTION 6.01. Events of Default. If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) shall occur and be continuing:

(a) The Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Advance when the same becomes due and payable; or the Borrower shall fail to pay
any interest on any Advance or any Facility Fee or Utilization Fee or any other amount payable hereunder when due and such failure remains unremedied for three Business Days; or

(b) Any representation or warranty made by the Borrower herein or by the Borrower (or any of its officers)
in any certificate delivered in connection with this Agreement shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made; or

(c) (i) The Borrower shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Sections 5.01(b), (c)(1), (j), (q) or
(r), (ii) the Borrower shall fail to perform or observe the covenant contained in Section 5.01(a) and such failure remains unremedied for five Business Days or (iii) Borrower shall fail to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement
contained in this Agreement on its part to be performed or observed, and such failure, in the case of this clause (iii), remains unremedied for 30 days after notice thereof shall have been given to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent; or


(d) The Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
shall fail to pay any principal of or interest on any other Indebtedness which is outstanding in an aggregate principal amount of at least $25,000,000, or its equivalent in other currencies (in this clause (d) called “Material
Indebtedness”), in the aggregate when the same becomes due and payable (whether at scheduled maturity, by required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise); or any other event shall occur or condition shall exist under any agreement
or instrument relating to any Material Indebtedness and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such event or condition is to accelerate, or to permit the acceleration of,
the maturity of such Material Indebtedness, or to require the same to be prepaid or defeased (other than by a regularly required payment); or

(e) The Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall generally not pay its debts as such debts become due, or shall admit in writing its
inability to pay its debts generally, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any proceeding shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or
seeking liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief, or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an



43

Credit Agreement









order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its Property and such
proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of 60 days; or the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the actions set forth above in this subsection (e); or

(f) (i) The Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall
commence any case, proceeding or other action (A) under any existing or future law of any jurisdiction, domestic or foreign, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, seeking to have an order for relief entered with
respect to it, or seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief or composition with respect to it or its debts under any such law, or (B) seeking
appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator or other similar official for it or for all or any substantial part of its Property, or the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall make a general assignment for the benefit of its
creditors; or (ii) there shall be commenced against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries any case, proceeding or other action of a nature referred to in clause (i) above which (A) results in the entry of an order for relief or any such
adjudication or appointment or (B) remains undismissed, undischarged or unbonded for a period of 90 days; or (iii) there shall be commenced against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries any case, proceeding or other action seeking issuance of a
warrant of attachment, execution, distraint or similar process against all or any substantial part of its Property which results in the entry of an order for any such relief which shall not have been vacated, discharged, or stayed or bonded pending
appeal within 60 days from the entry thereof; or (iv) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall take any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the acts set forth in clause (i), (ii), or
(iii) above;

(g) A Change in Control shall
occur; or

(h) The Majority Lenders shall
determine in good faith (which determination shall be conclusive) that the potential liabilities associated with the events set forth in clauses (i) through (vii) below, individually or in the aggregate, could have a Material Adverse Effect:


(i) The PBGC notifies a Plan pursuant to
Section 4042 of ERISA by service of a complaint, threat of filing a law suit or otherwise of its determination that an event described in Section 4042(a) of ERISA has occurred, a Plan should be terminated or a trustee should be appointed for a Plan;
or

(ii) Any action is taken to terminate a
Plan pursuant to its provisions or the plan administrator files with the PBGC a notice of intent to terminate a Plan in accordance with Section 4041 of ERISA; or


44

Credit Agreement








(iii) Any action is taken by a plan administrator to have a trustee appointed for a Plan
pursuant to Section 4042 of ERISA; or

(iv) A
return is filed with the Internal Revenue Service, or a Plan is notified by the Secretary of the Treasury that a notice of deficiency under Section 6212 of the Code has been mailed, with respect to the tax imposed under Section 4971(a) of the Code
for failure to meet the minimum funding standards established under Section 412 of the Code; or

(v) A Reportable Event occurs with respect to a Plan; or

(vi) Any action is taken to amend a Plan to become an employee benefit plan described in Section 4021(b)(1)
of ERISA, causing a Plan termination under Section 4041(e) of ERISA; or

(vii) The Borrower or any member of a Controlled Group receives a notice of liability or demand for payment on account of complete withdrawal under Section 4203 of ERISA, partial withdrawal under Section 4205 of ERISA
or on account of becoming secondarily liable for withdrawal liability payments under Section 4204 of ERISA (sale of assets); or

(i) The Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail within 30 days to pay, bond or otherwise discharge any judgment or order for the
payment of money, either singly or in the aggregate, in excess of $25,000,000, which is not stayed on appeal or otherwise being appropriately contested in good faith;

then, and in any such event, the Administrative Agent (i) shall at the request, or may with the consent, of the Majority Lenders, by notice
to the Borrower, declare the obligation of each Lender to make Advances to be terminated, whereupon the same shall forthwith terminate, and (ii) shall at the request, or may with the consent, of the Majority Lenders, by notice to the Borrower,
declare the Advances, all interest thereon and all other amounts payable under this Agreement to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the Advances, all such interest and all such other amounts shall become and be forthwith due and payable,
without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower; provided, however, that in the event of an Event of Default with respect to the Borrower of the kind referred
to in clause (e) or (f) above (A) the obligation of each Lender to make Advances shall automatically be terminated and (B) the Advances, all such interest and all such other amounts shall automatically become and be due and payable, without
presentment, demand, protest or any notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower.


45

Credit Agreement








ARTICLE 7
THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

SECTION 7.01. Authorization and Action. Each Lender hereby appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as administrative agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement as are delegated
to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. As to any matters not expressly provided for by this Agreement (including, without limitation, enforcement or collection of the
Advances), the Administrative Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the
instructions of the Majority Lenders, and such instructions shall be binding upon all Lenders; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action which exposes the Administrative Agent to personal
liability or which is contrary to this Agreement or applicable law. The Administrative Agent agrees to give to each Lender prompt notice of each notice given to it by the Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

SECTION 7.02. Administrative Agent’s Reliance, Etc. Neither the
Administrative Agent nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable to the Lenders for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them under or in connection with this Agreement, except for its or their own gross
negligence or willful misconduct. Without limitation of the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent: (i) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel for the Borrower), independent public accountants and other experts selected by
it and shall not be liable to the Lenders for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts; (ii) makes no warranty or representation to any Lender and shall not be
responsible to any Lender for any statements, warranties or representations (whether written or oral) made in or in connection with this Agreement; (iii) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any
of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement on the part of the Borrower or to inspect the property (including the books and records) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; (iv) shall not be responsible to any Lender for the due
execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto; and (v) shall incur no liability to the Lenders under or in respect of this Agreement
by acting upon any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which may be by telecopier, telegram, cable or telex) believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent by the proper party or parties.

SECTION 7.03. Citibank and Affiliates. With respect to its Commitment
and the Advances made by it, Citibank shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent; and the term “Lender” or “Lenders”
shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated, include Citibank in its individual capacity. Citibank and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as trustee under indentures of, and generally engage in any kind of business with, the
Borrower,



46

Credit Agreement









any of its Subsidiaries and any Person who may do business with or own securities of the Borrower or any such Subsidiary, all as if Citibank were not the
Administrative Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.

SECTION 7.04. Lender Credit Decision. Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on the financial statements referred to
in Section 4.01 and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the
Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement.

SECTION 7.05. Indemnification. The Lenders agree to indemnify the
Administrative Agent (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower), ratably according to the respective amounts of their Commitments, from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits,
costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the Administrative Agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any action taken or omitted by the
Administrative Agent under this Agreement, provided that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements found in a
final-non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the Administrative Agent’s gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent
promptly upon demand for its ratable share of any out-of-pocket expenses (including counsel fees) incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement
(whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement, to the extent that the Administrative Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by the Borrower.


SECTION 7.06. Successor Administrative Agent. The
Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrower and may be removed at any time with or without cause by the Majority Lenders. Upon any such resignation or removal, the Majority Lenders
shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent that, unless a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and then be continuing, is reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so
appointed by the Majority Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent’s giving of notice of resignation or the Majority Lenders’ removal of the retiring Administrative Agent,
then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or of any State thereof and having total assets
of at least $1,000,000,000. Upon the acceptance of any



47

Credit Agreement









appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become
vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement. After any retiring Administrative
Agent’s resignation or removal hereunder as Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Article 7 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Administrative Agent under this Agreement.


SECTION 7.07. Arrangers. Each Arranger, in its capacity
as such, shall have no obligation or responsibility hereunder and shall not become liable in any manner hereunder to any party hereto.

ARTICLE 8
MISCELLANEOUS


SECTION 8.01. Amendments, Etc. No amendment of any
provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Borrower and the Majority Lenders, or by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Majority Lenders, and no waiver of any provision
of this Agreement shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Majority Lenders; provided, however, that no amendment, or waiver shall, unless in writing and
signed by all the Lenders or by the Administrative Agent with the consent of all the Lenders, do any of the following: (a) increase or extend the Commitments (other than as contemplated by Sections 2.18 and 2.19), (b) reduce the principal of, or
interest on, the Notes or any fees (other than the Administrative Agent’s fee referred to in Section 2.03(c)) or other amounts payable hereunder, (c) postpone any date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest on, the Advances or any
fees (other than the Administrative Agent’s fee referred to in Section 2.03(c)) or other amounts payable hereunder, (d) change the second sentence of Section 2.13(a), (e) change the percentage of the Commitments or of the aggregate unpaid
principal amount of the Advances which shall be required for the Lenders or any of them to take any action hereunder or (f) amend this Section 8.01; provided further that no amendment or waiver shall, unless in writing and signed by
the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above to take such action, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement. This Agreement and the agreement referred to in Section 2.03(c) and the Notes
constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.

SECTION 8.02. Notices, Etc.

(a) Subject to clauses (b) through (e) below, all notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including telecopier) and
mailed, telecopied or delivered by hand:

(i)
if to the Borrower:

Coca-Cola Bottling Co.
Consolidated
4100 Coca-Cola Plaza
Charlotte, NC 28211
Attention: Vice President & Treasurer

Telephone No.: (704) 557-4633
Telecopier No.: (704) 557-4451


48

Credit Agreement








(ii) if to the Administrative Agent:

Citibank, N.A.
Two Penns Way, Suite 200
New Castle, Delaware 19720

Attention: Kimberly Eidam-Melendez

Telephone No.: (302) 894-6012
Telecopier No.: (212) 994-0961

(iii) if to any Lender, at the Domestic Lending Office of
such Lender;

or, as to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, at such other
address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties and, as to each other party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. All such
notices and communications shall be deemed to have been duly given or made (i) in the case of hand deliveries, when delivered by hand, (ii) in the case of mailed notices, three Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, and
(iii) in the case of telecopier notice, when transmitted and confirmed during normal business hours (or, if delivered after the close of normal business hours, at the beginning of business hours on the next Business Day), except that notices and
communications to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Article 2 or 7 shall not be effective until received by the Administrative Agent.

(b) The Borrower hereby agrees that it will use its best efforts to provide to the Administrative Agent all information, documents and other materials
that it is obligated to furnish to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement, including, without limitation, all notices, requests, financial statements, financial and other reports, certificates and other information materials, but
excluding any such communication that (i) relates to the payment of any principal or other amount due under this Agreement prior to the scheduled date therefor, (ii) provides notice of any Default or Event of Default under this Agreement or (iii) is
required to be delivered to satisfy any condition precedent to the occurrence of the Closing Date and/or any borrowing (all such non-excluded communications being referred to herein collectively as “Communications”), by transmitting
the Communications in an electronic/soft medium in a



49

Credit Agreement









format acceptable to the Administrative Agent to oploanswebadmin@citigroup.com. In addition, the Borrower agrees to continue to provide the Communications to
the Administrative Agent in the manner specified herein but only to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent.

(c) The Borrower further agrees that the Administrative Agent may make the Communications available to the Lenders by posting the Communications on
Intralinks or a substantially similar electronic transmission system (the “Platform”). THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR
COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE AGENT PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, ADVISORS OR REPRESENTATIVES (COLLECTIVELY, THE “AGENT PARTIES”) HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE BORROWER, ANY LENDER OR ANY
OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF THE BORROWER’S OR THE
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT’S TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THE LIABILITY OF ANY AGENT PARTY IS FOUND IN A FINAL NON-APPEALABLE JUDGMENT BY A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO HAVE RESULTED PRIMARILY FROM
SUCH AGENT PARTY’S GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT.

(d) The Administrative Agent agrees that the receipt of the Communications by the Administrative Agent at its e-mail address set forth above shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to the Administrative Agent for purposes
hereof. Each Lender agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that the Communications have been posted to the Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes hereof. Each
Lender agrees (i) to provide to the Administrative Agent in writing (including by electronic communication), promptly after the date of this Agreement, an e-mail address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and (ii)
that the foregoing notice may be sent to such e-mail address.

(e) Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to give any notice or other communication pursuant hereto in any other manner specified herein.


50

Credit Agreement








SECTION 8.03. No Waiver; Remedies. No failure on the part of any Lender or the Administrative
Agent to exercise, and no delay in exercising, and no course of dealing with respect to, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or further exercise thereof
or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

SECTION 8.04. Costs, Expenses and Indemnification.

(a) The Borrower agrees to pay and reimburse on demand (i) all reasonable costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent and each Arranger in connection
with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification and amendment of this Agreement and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of counsel for
the Administrative Agent with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Administrative Agent as to its rights and responsibilities under this Agreement, and (ii) all costs and expenses, if any (including, without limitation, reasonable
counsel fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders), incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of this Agreement
and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, reasonable counsel fees and expenses in connection with the enforcement of rights under this Section 8.04(a). Such reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses shall be
reimbursed by the Borrower upon presentation to the Borrower of a statement of account, regardless of whether this Agreement is executed and delivered by the parties hereto or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated.


(b) (i) The Borrower hereby agrees to
indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Arranger, each Lender and each of their respective Affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors and representatives (each, an “Indemnified Party”) from and
against any and all direct claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel), joint or several, that may be incurred by or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified
Party, in each case arising out of or in connection with or relating to any investigation, litigation or proceeding or the preparation of any defense with respect thereto arising out of or in connection with or relating to this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any use made or proposed to be made with the proceeds of the Advances, whether or not such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by the Borrower, any of its shareholders or creditors, an
Indemnified Party or any other Person, or an Indemnified Party is otherwise a party thereto, and whether or not any of the conditions precedent set forth in Article 3 are satisfied or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement are
consummated, except to the extent such direct claim, damage, loss, liability or expense is found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Indemnified Party’s gross negligence or willful
misconduct.


51

Credit Agreement








(ii) The Borrower hereby further agrees that (i) no Indemnified Party shall have any
liability to the Borrower for or in connection with or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any use made or proposed to be made with the proceeds of the Advances, except to the extent such liability is
found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Indemnified Party’s gross negligence or willful misconduct and (ii) the Borrower will not assert any claim against the Administrative
Agent or any Lender, any of their respective Affiliates, or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, attorneys or agents, on any theory of liability, for consequential, indirect, special or punitive damages arising out of or relating
to this Agreement or the actual or proposed use of any Advance.

(c) If any payment of principal of, or Conversion or Continuation of, any Eurodollar Rate Advance of a Lender is made on a day other than the last day of an Interest Period for such Advance as a result of any optional or mandatory
prepayment, acceleration of the maturity of the Advances pursuant to Section 6.01 or for any other reason, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender any amounts required to compensate such Lender for any
additional losses, costs or expenses (other than loss of profit) which it may reasonably incur as a result of such payment, Continuation or Conversion and the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender to fund or
maintain such Advance. A certificate as to the amount of such losses, costs and expenses, submitted to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent by such Lender, shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

SECTION 8.05. Binding Effect. This Agreement shall become effective
when it shall have been executed by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by each Bank that such Bank has executed it and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Lender and their respective successors and permitted assigns, provided that the Borrower shall not have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of
the Lenders.

SECTION 8.06. Assignments and
Participations.

(a) Each Lender may, with notice to and
the consent of the Administrative Agent and, unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Borrower (such consents not to be unreasonably withheld), assign to one or more banks or other entities all or a portion of its rights
and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its Commitment and the Advances owing to it); provided that:

(i) each such assignment shall be of a constant, and not a varying, percentage of all rights and obligations of the assigning Lender under
this Agreement,

(ii) except in the case of an
assignment by a Lender to one of its Affiliates or to another Lender, the amount of the Commitment of the assigning Lender being assigned



52

Credit Agreement









pursuant to each such assignment (determined as of the date of the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment) shall in no event (unless the
Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise agree) be less than the lesser of (x) such Lender’s Commitment hereunder and (y) $5,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof,

(iii) each such assignment shall be to an Eligible Assignee,


(iv) the parties to each such assignment
shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent, for its acceptance and recording in the Register, an Assignment and Acceptance, and

(v) the parties to each such assignment (other than the Borrower) shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a processing and recordation
fee of $3,500.

Upon such execution, delivery, acceptance and recording, from
and after the Closing Date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance, (x) the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned to it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance,
have the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder and (y) the Lender assignor thereunder shall, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish its rights and be
released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all or the remaining portion of an assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a
party hereto).

(b) By executing and delivering an Assignment
and Acceptance, the Lender assignor thereunder and the assignee thereunder confirm to and agree with each other and the other parties hereto as follows: (i) other than as provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, such assigning Lender makes no
representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with this Agreement or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or
value of this Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto; (ii) such assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of the Borrower or the
performance or observance by the Borrower of any of its obligations under this Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto; (iii) such assignee confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement, together with copies
of the financial statements referred to in Section 4.01 and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Acceptance; (iv) such assignee will,
independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, such assigning Lender or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or
not taking action under this Agreement; (v) such assignee confirms that it is an Eligible Assignee; (vi) such assignee appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as administrative agent on its behalf



53

Credit Agreement









and to exercise such powers under this Agreement as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof, together with such powers as are
reasonably incidental thereto; and (vii) such assignee agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of this Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender.

(c) Upon its receipt of an Assignment and Acceptance executed by an assigning
Lender and an assignee representing that it is an Eligible Assignee, the Administrative Agent shall, if such Assignment and Acceptance has been completed (and the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall have consented to the relevant assignment)
and is in substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto, (i) accept such Assignment and Acceptance, (ii) record the information contained therein in the Register and (iii) give prompt notice thereof to the Borrower.

(d) The Administrative Agent shall maintain at its address referred to in
Section 8.02 a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and accepted by it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of each of the Lenders and, with respect to Lenders, the Commitment of, and principal amount of the
Advances owing to, each such Lender from time to time (the “Register”). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders
may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as a Lender hereunder for the purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower or any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon
reasonable prior notice.

(e) Each Lender may sell
participations to one or more Persons in or to all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its Commitment and the Advances owing to it); provided, however,
that (i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, its Commitment to the Borrower hereunder) shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the
performance of such obligations, (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, (iv)
in any proceeding under the Federal Bankruptcy Code in respect of the Borrower, such Lender shall remain and be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the sole representative with respect to the rights and obligations held in the name of such
Lender (whether such rights or obligations are for such Lender’s own account or for the account of any participant) and (v) no participant under any such participation agreement shall have any right to approve any amendment or waiver of any
provision of this Agreement, or to consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom, except to the extent that any such amendment, waiver or consent would (x) reduce the principal of, or interest on, the Notes, in each case to the extent the same
are subject to such participation, or (y) postpone any date fixed for the payment of principal of, or interest on, the Advances, in each case to the extent the same are subject to such participation.

(f) Any Lender may, in connection with any permitted assignment or
participation or proposed assignment or participation pursuant to this Section 8.06 and subject to



54

Credit Agreement









the provisions of Section 8.12, disclose to the assignee or participant or proposed assignee or participant any information relating to the Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates furnished to such Lender by or on behalf of the Borrower.

(g) Notwithstanding any other provision set forth in this Agreement, any Lender may at any time, without the consent of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, create a security interest in all or any portion of its
rights under this Agreement (including, without limitation, the Advances owing to it) in favor of any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with Regulation A of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

(h) Notwithstanding any other provision set forth in this Agreement, any
Lender may at any time, without the consent of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, assign to an Affiliate of such Lender all or any portion of its rights (but not its obligations) under this Agreement.

SECTION 8.07. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction. This
Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. The Borrower hereby submits to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and of any New
York state court sitting in New York City for the purposes of all legal proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints CT Corporation System (the
“Process Agent”), with an office on the date hereof at 111 8th Avenue, 13th Floor, New York, New York 10011, as its agent and true and lawful attorney-in-fact in its name, place and stead to accept on
behalf of the Borrower and its Property service of the copies of the summons and complaint and any other process which may be served in any such legal proceedings brought in any such court, and the Borrower agrees that the failure of the Process
Agent to give any notice of any such service of process to the Borrower shall not impair or affect the validity of such service or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the enforcement of any judgment based thereon. The Borrower irrevocably
waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such proceeding brought in such a court has
been brought in an inconvenient forum.

SECTION 8.08.
Severability. In case any provision in this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be severable from the rest of this Agreement, and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

SECTION 8.09. Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all
of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Any counterpart hereof may be executed and delivered via telecopier, and each such counterpart so executed and delivered shall have the same force and effect as an originally
executed and delivered counterpart hereof.


55

Credit Agreement








SECTION 8.10. Survival. The obligations of the Borrower under Sections 2.02(b), 2.07, 2.11, 2.14
and 8.04, and the obligations of the Lenders under Section 7.05, shall survive the repayment of the Advances and the termination of the Commitments. In addition, each representation and warranty made, or deemed to be made by any Notice of Borrowing,
herein or pursuant hereto shall survive the making of such representation and warranty, and no Lender shall be deemed to have waived, by reason of making any Advance, any Default or Event of Default that may arise by reason of such representation or
warranty proving to have been false or misleading.

SECTION
8.11. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF
OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

SECTION 8.12. Confidentiality. Each Lender agrees to hold any confidential information which it may receive from the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates pursuant to this Agreement in confidence and for use in connection
with this Agreement, including without limitation for use in connection with its rights and remedies hereunder, except for disclosure (a) to other Lenders and their respective Affiliates, (b) to legal counsel, accountants, and other professional
advisors to such Lender, (c) to regulatory officials, (d) as requested pursuant to or as required by law, regulation, or legal process, (e) in connection with any legal proceeding to which such Lender is a party and (f) to a proposed assignee or
participant permitted under Section 8.06 which shall have agreed in writing to keep such disclosed confidential information confidential in accordance with this Section.

SECTION 8.13. Nonliability of Lenders. The relationship between the Borrower and the Lenders and the Administrative
Agent shall be solely that of borrower and lender and neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any fiduciary responsibilities to the Borrower.


SECTION 8.14. USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of
Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the “Act”), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other
information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Act.


56

Credit Agreement








IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto
duly authorized, as of the date first above written.



Borrower


COCA-COLA BOTTLING CO. CONSOLIDATED


By
/s/ Clifford M. Deal, III


Name:
Clifford M. Deal, III

Title:
Vice President and Treasurer


Administrative Agent


CITIBANK, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent


By
/s/ Carolyn A. Kee


Name:
Carolyn A. Kee

Title:
Vice President





57

Credit Agreement










Banks


CITIBANK, N.A.


By
/s/ Carolyn A. Kee


Name:
Carolyn A. Kee

Title:
Vice President





58

Credit Agreement










WACHOVIA BANK,

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION


By
/s/ Denis Waltrich


Name:
Denis Waltrich

Title:
Associate





59

Credit Agreement










COOPERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN- BOERENLEEBANK B.A., “RABOBANK INTERNATIONAL”, NEW YORK BRANCH


By
/s/ Floyd Smith


Name:
Floyd Smith

Title:


By
/s/ Rebecca O. Morrow


Name:
Rebecca O. Morrow

Title:
Executive Director





60

Credit Agreement










SUNTRUST BANK


By
/s/ Susan M. Hall


Name:
Susan M. Hall

Title:
Managing Director





61

Credit Agreement










BRANCH BANKING AND
TRUST COMPANY


By
/s/ Charles W. Jones


Name:
Charles W. Jones

Title:
Senior Vice President





62

Credit Agreement








SCHEDULE I

Banks, Commitments and Lending Offices



Bank

Commitment

Domestic Lending Office

Eurodollar Lending Office


Citibank, N.A.
$	25,000,000	  	 Citibank, N.A.
Two Penns Way
New Castle, DE 19720 Attn:Christina Quezon
Citibank, N.A.
Two Penns Way
New Castle, DE 19720 Attn:Christina Quezon


Wachovia Bank, National Association
25,000,000	  	Wachovia Bank, National Association 1339 Chestnut Street Philadelphia, PA 19107	  	Wachovia Bank, National Association 1339 Chestnut Street Philadelphia, PA 19107

Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleebank B.A., “Rabobank International”, New York Branch
20,000,000	  	 Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleebank B.A., “Rabobank International”, New York Branch
245 Park Ave.
New York, NY 10167
Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleebank B.A., “Rabobank International”, New York Branch
245 Park Ave.
New York, NY 10167


SunTrust Bank
20,000,000	  	 SunTrust Bank
303 Peachtree Street, 3rd
Floor
Atlanta, GA 30308
SunTrust Bank
303 Peachtree Street,
3rd Floor
Atlanta, GA 30308


Branch Banking and Trust Company
10,000,000	  	 Branch Banking
and Trust Company
200 S. College Street
2nd Floor
Charlotte, NC 28202
Branch Banking
and Trust Company
200 S. College Street
2nd Floor
Charlotte, NC 28202





Total
$	100,000,000




Schedule I


