









<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 10.Q


EXECUTION COPY


$600,000,000

CREDIT AGREEMENT

Dated as of October 22, 1997

among

TORCHMARK CORPORATION,

THE LENDERS NAMED HEREIN

and

THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF CHICAGO,
as Agent



Arranged By

FIRST CHICAGO CAPITAL MARKETS, INC.
<PAGE>

TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Page
<S>                                                                                                      <C>
TABLE OF CONTENTS....................................................................................     2
EXHIBITS.............................................................................................     4
SCHEDULES............................................................................................     4
CREDIT AGREEMENT.....................................................................................     7
RECITALS:............................................................................................     7
ARTICLE I............................................................................................     7
DEFINITIONS..........................................................................................     7
ARTICLE II...........................................................................................    19
THE FACILITY.........................................................................................    19
2.1.  The Facility..................................................................................    19
2.2.  Ratable Advances..............................................................................    20
2.3.  Competitive Bid Advances......................................................................    22
2.3.4.  Submission and Contents of Competitive Bid Quotes.........................................    23
ARTICLE III..........................................................................................    29
CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCES..............................................................................    29
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.................................................................................    31
ARTICLE V............................................................................................    32
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.......................................................................    32
ARTICLE VI...........................................................................................    36
COVENANTS............................................................................................    36
ARTICLE VII..........................................................................................    40
DEFAULTS.............................................................................................    40
ARTICLE VIII.........................................................................................    43
ACCELERATION, WAIVERS, AMENDMENTS AND REMEDIES.......................................................    43
ARTICLE IX...........................................................................................    44
GENERAL PROVISIONS...................................................................................    44
ARTICLE X............................................................................................    47
THE AGENT............................................................................................    47
ARTICLE XI...........................................................................................    50
SETOFF; RATABLE PAYMENTS.............................................................................    50
ARTICLE XII..........................................................................................    51
BENEFIT OF AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS....................................................    51
12.2.  Participations...............................................................................    51
12.3.  Assignments..................................................................................    52
ARTICLE XIII.........................................................................................    53
NOTICES..............................................................................................    53
ARTICLE XIV..........................................................................................    53
COUNTERPARTS.........................................................................................    53
OF ASSIGNMENT........................................................................................    80
CONSENT AND RELEASE..................................................................................    83
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

EXHIBITS

Exhibit "A" -  Note (Ratable Loan)
Exhibit "B" -  Note (Competitive Bid Loan)
Exhibit "C" -  Competitive Bid Quote Request
Exhibit "D" -  Invitation for Competitive Bid Quotes
Exhibit "E" -  Competitive Bid Quote
Exhibit "F" -  Opinion of Borrower's Counsel
Exhibit "G" -  Compliance Certificate
Exhibit "H" -  Assignment Agreement
Exhibit "I" -  Transfer Instructions

SCHEDULES

Schedule "1" - Lender Commitments and Addresses
Schedule "2" - Significant Subsidiaries
Schedule "3" - Insurance Licenses
Schedule "4" - Pricing Grid

<PAGE>

CREDIT AGREEMENT

This Credit Agreement, dated as of October 22, 1997, is among TORCHMARK
CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation, the Lenders (as hereinafter defined) and
The First National Bank of Chicago, individually and as Agent.

RECITALS:

A.   The Borrower has requested the Lenders to make financial
accommodations to it in the aggregate principal amount of $600,000,000, the
proceeds of which will be used for the general corporate purposes of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including repayment of maturing commercial paper
Indebtedness); and

B.   The Lenders are willing to extend such financial accommodations on the
terms and conditions set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and undertakings
herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Borrower, the Lenders and the
Agent hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

As used in this Agreement:

"Absolute Rate" means, with respect to an Absolute Rate Loan made by a
given Lender for the relevant Absolute Rate Interest Period, the rate of
interest per annum (rounded to the nearest 1/100 of 1%) offered by such Lender
and accepted by the Borrower.

"Absolute Rate Advance" means a borrowing hereunder consisting of the
aggregate amount of the several Absolute Rate Loans made by some or all of the
Lenders to the Borrower at the same time and for the same Interest Period.

"Absolute Rate Auction" means a solicitation of Competitive Bid Quotes
setting forth Absolute Rates pursuant to Section 2.3.

"Absolute Rate Interest Period" means, with respect to an Absolute Rate
Advance, a period of not less than 30 and not more than 180 days commencing on a
Business Day selected by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement.  If such
Absolute Rate Interest Period would end on a day which is not a Business Day,
such Absolute Rate Interest Period shall end on the next succeeding Business
Day.

<PAGE>

"Absolute Rate Loan" means a Loan which bears interest at the Absolute
Rate.

"Acquisition" means any transaction, or any series of related transactions,
consummated on or after the date of this Agreement, by which the Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries (i) acquires any going business or all or substantially all
of the assets of any firm, corporation or division thereof, whether through
purchase of assets, merger or otherwise or (ii) directly or indirectly acquires
(in one transaction or as the most recent transaction in a series of
transactions) at least a majority (in number of votes) of the securities of a
corporation which have ordinary voting power for the election of directors
(other than securities having such power only by reason of the happening of a
contingency) or a majority (by percentage or voting power) of the outstanding
partnership interests of a partnership.

"Advance" means a borrowing hereunder consisting of the aggregate amount of
the several Loans made by some or all of the Lenders to the Borrower on the same
Borrowing Date, of the same Type (or on the same interest basis in the case of
Competitive Bid Advances) and, when applicable, for the same Interest Period and
includes a Competitive Bid Advance.

"Affiliate" of any Person means any other Person directly or indirectly
controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Person.  A Person
shall be deemed to control another Person if the controlling Person owns 10% or
more of any class of voting securities (or other ownership interests) of the
controlled Person or possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or
cause the direction of the management or policies of the controlled Person,
whether through ownership of stock, by contract or otherwise.

"Agent" means The First National Bank of Chicago in its capacity as agent
for the Lenders pursuant to Article X, and not in its individual capacity as a
Lender, and any successor Agent appointed pursuant to Article X.

"Agent Balance Transaction" means one or more receivables sales
transactions with respect to receivables arising out of advances made by AIL to
insurance agents in connection with life insurance policies underwritten by AIL.

"Aggregate Commitment" means the aggregate of the Commitments of all the
Lenders, as reduced from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof.

"Agreement" means this credit agreement, as it may be amended, modified or
restated and in effect from time to time.

"Agreement Accounting Principles" means generally accepted accounting
principles as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with
those used in preparing the financial statements referred to in Section 5.4.

"AIL" means American Income Life Insurance Company, an Indiana insurance
company.

<PAGE>

"Alternate Base Rate" means, for any day, a rate of interest per annum
equal to the higher of (i) the Corporate Base Rate for such day and (ii) the sum
of Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day plus 1/2% per annum.

"Annual Statement" means the annual statutory financial statement of any
Insurance Subsidiary required to be filed with the insurance commissioner (or
similar authority) of its jurisdiction of incorporation, which statement shall
be in the form required by such Insurance Subsidiary's jurisdiction of
incorporation or, if no specific form is so required, in the form of financial
statements recommended by the NAIC to be used for filing annual statutory
financial statements and shall contain the type of information recommended by
the NAIC to be disclosed therein, together with all exhibits or schedules filed
therewith.

"Applicable Eurodollar Margin" means, at any time, the percentage
determined in accordance with the Pricing Grid at such time.  The Applicable
Eurodollar Margin shall change as and when the Borrower Debt Rating changes.
The initial Applicable Eurodollar Margin shall be .145%.

"Applicable Facility Fee Percentage" means, at any time, the percentage
determined in accordance with the Pricing Grid at such time.  The Applicable
Facility Fee Percentage shall change as and when the Borrower Debt Rating
changes.  The initial Applicable Facility Fee Percentage shall be .08%.

"Article" means an article of this Agreement unless another document is
specifically referenced.

"Authorized Officer" means any of the Chairman, Vice Chairman, President,
Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Treasurer, any Vice President
or any Assistant Treasurer of the Borrower, acting singly.

"Borrower" means Torchmark Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and its
successors and assigns.

"Borrower Debt Rating" means the senior unsecured long term debt (without
credit enhancement) rating of the Borrower as determined by a rating agency
identified on the Pricing Grid.

"Borrowing Date" means a date on which an Advance is made hereunder.

"Business Day" means (i) with respect to any borrowing, payment or rate
selection of Eurodollar Advances, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on
which banks generally are open in Chicago and New York for the conduct of
substantially all of their commercial lending activities and on which dealings
in United States dollars are carried on in the London interbank market and (ii)
for all other purposes, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks
generally are open in Chicago and New York for the conduct of substantially all
of their commercial lending activities.

<PAGE>

"Capitalized Lease" of a Person means any lease of Property by such Person
as lessee which would be capitalized on a balance sheet of such Person prepared
in accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles.

"Capitalized Lease Obligations" of a Person means the amount of the
obligations of such Person under Capitalized Leases which would be shown as a
liability on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with
Agreement Accounting Principles.

"Change" means (i) any change after the date of this Agreement in the Risk-
Based Capital Guidelines for banks or (ii) any adoption of or change in any
other law, governmental or quasi-governmental rule, regulation, policy,
guideline, interpretation, or directive (whether or not having the force of law)
after the date of this Agreement which affects the amount of capital required or
expected to be maintained by any Lender or any Lending Installation or any
corporation controlling any Lender.

"Change in Control" means the acquisition by any Person, or two or more
Persons acting in concert, of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule
13d-3 of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934) of 20% or more of the outstanding shares of voting stock of the
Borrower.

"Closing Date" means October 22, 1997.

"Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, reformed or
otherwise modified from time to time.

"Commitment" means, for each Lender, the obligation of such Lender to make
Loans not exceeding the amount set forth on Schedule "1" hereto or as set forth
in any Notice of Assignment relating to any assignment that has become effective
pursuant to Section 12.3.2, as such amount may be modified from time to time
pursuant to the terms hereof.

"Competitive Bid Advance" means a borrowing hereunder consisting of the
aggregate amount of the several Competitive Bid Loans made by some or all of the
Lenders to the Borrower at the same time and for the same Interest Period.

"Competitive Bid Borrowing Notice" is defined in Section 2.3.6.

"Competitive Bid Loan" means a Eurodollar Bid Rate Loan or an Absolute Rate
Loan, or both, as the case may be.

"Competitive Bid Margin" means the margin above or below the applicable
Eurodollar Base Rate offered for a Eurodollar Bid Rate Loan, expressed as a
percentage (rounded to the nearest 1/100 of 1%) to be added or subtracted from
such Eurodollar Base Rate.

"Competitive Bid Note" means a promissory note in substantially the form of
Exhibit "B" hereto, with appropriate insertions, duly executed and delivered to
the Agent by the

<PAGE>

Borrower for the account of a Lender and payable to the order of such Lender,
including any amendment, modification, renewal or replacement of such promissory
note.

"Competitive Bid Quote" means a Competitive Bid Quote substantially in the
form of Exhibit "E" hereto completed and delivered by a Lender to the Agent in
accordance with Section 2.3.4.

"Competitive Bid Quote Request" means a Competitive Bid Quote Request
substantially in the form of Exhibit "C" hereto completed and delivered by the
Borrower to the Agent in accordance with Section 2.3.2.

"Condemnation" is defined in Section 7.8.

"Consolidated Adjusted Net Income" means, for any period of calculation,
Consolidated Net Income plus (to the extent deducted in determining Consolidated
Net Income) (i) the provision for taxes in respect of, or measured by, income or
excess profits and (ii) Consolidated Interest Expense, in each case calculated
for such period for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in
accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles.

"Consolidated Capitalization" means, at any date of determination, the sum
of (i) Consolidated Net Worth as at such date plus (ii) Consolidated
Indebtedness as at such date.

"Consolidated Indebtedness" means the Indebtedness of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with Agreement
Accounting Principles.

"Consolidated Interest Expense" means, for any period of calculation,
interest expense, whether paid or accrued, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with Agreement Accounting
Principles.

"Consolidated Net Income" means, for any period of calculation, the net
income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis
in accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles consistently applied.

"Consolidated Net Worth" means, at any date of determination, the amount of
consolidated common and preferred shareholders' equity of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries (including, without limitation, the Series A Preferred Securities),
determined as at such date in accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles;
provided, however, that the effect of the application of FAS 115 shall be
excluded when computing Consolidated Net Worth.

"Contingent Obligation" of a Person means any agreement, undertaking or
arrangement by which such Person assumes, guarantees, endorses, contingently
agrees to purchase or provide funds for the payment of, or otherwise becomes or
is contingently liable upon, the obligation or liability of any other Person, or
agrees to maintain the net worth or working capital or other financial condition
of any other Person, or otherwise assures any creditor of such other Person
against loss, including, without limitation, any comfort letter, operating
agreement, take-or-pay

<PAGE>

contract or application for a Letter of Credit, but excluding (i) the
endorsement of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of
business, (ii) the Payment and Guarantee Agreement and (iii) obligations arising
in connection with the Agent Balance Transaction.

"Controlled Group" means all members of a controlled group of corporations
and all trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control
which, together with the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, are treated as a
single employer under Section 414 of the Code.

"Conversion/Continuation Notice" is defined in Section 2.2.4.

"Corporate Base Rate" means a rate per annum equal to the corporate base
rate of interest announced by First Chicago from time to time, changing when and
as said corporate base rate changes.  The Corporate Base Rate is a reference
rate and does not necessarily represent the lowest or best rate of interest
actually charged to any customer.  First Chicago may make commercial loans or
other loans at rates of interest at, above or below the Corporate Base Rate.

"Default" means an event described in Article VII.

"ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended from time to time, and any rule or regulation issued thereunder.

"Eurodollar Advance" means a Eurodollar Bid Rate Advance or a Eurodollar
Ratable Advance, or both, as the case may be.

"Eurodollar Auction" means a solicitation of Competitive Bid Quotes setting
forth Eurodollar Bid Rates pursuant to Section 2.3.

"Eurodollar Base Rate" means, with respect to a Eurodollar Advance for the
relevant Eurodollar Interest Period, the rate determined by the Agent to be the
rate at which deposits in U.S. dollars are offered by First Chicago to first-
class banks in the London interbank market at approximately 11 a.m. (London
time) two Business Days prior to the first day of such Eurodollar Interest
Period, in the approximate amount of First Chicago's relevant Eurodollar Ratable
Loan (or in the case of a Eurodollar Bid Rate Advance, in an amount comparable
to the amount of such Advance) and having a maturity approximately equal to such
Eurodollar Interest Period.

"Eurodollar Bid Rate" means, with respect to a Eurodollar Bid Rate Loan
made by a given Lender for the relevant Eurodollar Interest Period, the sum of
(i) the Eurodollar Base Rate and (ii) the Competitive Bid Margin offered by such
Lender and accepted by the Borrower.

"Eurodollar Bid Rate Advance" means a Competitive Bid Advance which bears
interest at a Eurodollar Bid Rate.

"Eurodollar Bid Rate Loan" means a Loan which bears interest at the
Eurodollar Bid Rate.

<PAGE>

"Eurodollar Interest Period" means, with respect to a Eurodollar Ratable
Advance or a Eurodollar Bid Rate Advance, a period of one, two, three or six
months commencing on a Business Day selected by the Borrower pursuant to this
Agreement.  Such Eurodollar Interest Period shall end on (but exclude) the day
which corresponds numerically to such date one, two, three or six months
thereafter; provided, however, that if there is no such numerically
corresponding day in such next, second, third or sixth succeeding month, such
Eurodollar Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of such next,
second, third or sixth succeeding month.  If a Eurodollar Interest Period would
otherwise end on a day which is not a Business Day, such Eurodollar Interest
Period shall end on the next succeeding Business Day; provided, however, that if
said next succeeding Business Day falls in a new month, such Eurodollar Interest
Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day.

"Eurodollar Loan" means a Eurodollar Ratable Loan or Eurodollar Bid Rate
Loan, or both, as the case may be.

"Eurodollar Ratable Advance" means an Advance which bears interest at a
Eurodollar Rate requested by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.2.3.

"Eurodollar Ratable Loan" means a Loan which bears interest at a Eurodollar
Rate requested by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.2.3.

"Eurodollar Rate" means, with respect to a Eurodollar Ratable Advance for
the relevant Eurodollar Interest Period, the sum of (i) the quotient of (a) the
Eurodollar Base Rate applicable to such Eurodollar Interest Period, divided by
(b) one minus the Reserve Requirement (expressed as a decimal) applicable to
such Eurodollar Interest Period, plus (ii) the Applicable Eurodollar Margin.
The Eurodollar Rate shall be rounded to the next higher multiple of 1/16 of 1%
if the rate is not such a multiple.

"Existing Credit Agreements" means (i) that certain 364-Day, $200,000,000
Credit Agreement dated as of October 24, 1996 among the Borrower, First Chicago,
as agent, and the lenders party thereto, and (ii) that certain 5-Year,
$400,000,000 Credit Agreement dated as of October 24, 1996 among the Borrower,
First Chicago, as agent, and the lenders party thereto.

"Federal Funds Effective Rate" means, for any day, an interest rate per
annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds
transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal
funds brokers on such day, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a
Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a
Business Day, the average of the quotations at approximately 10 a.m. (Chicago
time) on such day on such transactions received by the Agent from three Federal
funds brokers of recognized standing selected by the Agent in its sole
discretion.

"Financial Statements" is defined in Section 5.4.

"First Chicago" means The First National Bank of Chicago in its individual
capacity, and its successors.

<PAGE>

"Floating Rate Advance" means an Advance which bears interest at the
Alternate Base Rate.

"Floating Rate Loan" means a Ratable Loan which bears interest at the
Alternate Base Rate.

"Governmental Authority" means the federal government, any state or other
political subdivision thereof and any entity exercising executive, legislative,
judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government
including, without limitation, any board of insurance, insurance department or
insurance commissioner.

"Indebtedness" of a Person means, without duplication, such Person's (i)
obligations for borrowed money, (ii) obligations representing the deferred
purchase price of Property or services (excluding accounts payable arising in
the ordinary course of such Person's business payable on terms customary in the
trade and obligations of Insurance Subsidiaries arising under insurance or
annuity products), (iii) obligations, whether or not assumed, secured by Liens
or payable out of the proceeds or production from property now or hereafter
owned or acquired by such Person, (iv) obligations which are evidenced by notes,
acceptances, or similar instruments, (v) Capitalized Lease Obligations, (vi) net
liabilities under interest rate swap, exchange or cap agreements, and (vii)
Contingent Obligations, but excluding any indebtedness of the Borrower arising
under or in connection with the Series A Preferred Securities Loan Agreement.

"Insurance Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Borrower which is
engaged in the life, health or accident insurance business.

"Interest Period" means a Eurodollar Interest Period or an Absolute Rate
Interest Period.

"Investment" of a Person means any loan, advance (other than commission,
travel and similar advances to officers and employees  made in the ordinary
course of business), extension of credit (other than accounts receivable arising
in the ordinary course of business on terms customary in the trade), deposit
account or contribution of capital by such Person to any other Person or any
investment in, or purchase or other acquisition of, the stock, partnership
interests, notes, debentures or other securities of any other Person made by
such Person.

"Invitation for Competitive Bid Quotes" means an Invitation for Competitive
Bid Quotes substantially in the form of Exhibit "D" hereto, completed and
delivered by the Agent to the Lenders in accordance with Section 2.3.3.

"Lenders" means the lending institutions listed on the signature pages of
this Agreement and their respective successors and assigns.

"Lending Installation" means, with respect to a Lender or the Agent, any
office, branch, subsidiary or affiliate of such Lender or the Agent.

<PAGE>

"Letter of Credit" of a Person means a letter of credit or similar
instrument which is issued upon the application of such Person or upon which
such Person is an account party or for which such Person is in any way liable.

"License" means any license, certificate of authority, permit or other
authorization which is required to be obtained from a Governmental Authority in
connection with the operation, ownership or transaction of insurance business.

"Lien" means any lien (statutory or other), security interest, mortgage,
pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance or
preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of
any kind or nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, the interest of a
vendor or lessor under any conditional sale, Capitalized Lease or other title
retention agreement but excluding rights in agent balances which are sold in an
Agent Balance Transaction).

"Loan" means, with respect to a Lender, such Lender's portion of any
Advance and "Loans" means, with respect to the Lenders, the aggregate of all
Advances.

"Loan Documents" means this Agreement, the Notes and the other documents,
certificates  and agreements contemplated hereby and executed by the Borrower in
favor of the Agent or any Lender.

"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the
business, Property, condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations,
or prospects of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (ii) the
ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under the Loan Documents, or
(iii) the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents or the rights
or remedies of the Agent or the Lenders thereunder.

"Modified Required Lenders" means Lenders in the aggregate having at least
75% of the Aggregate Commitment or, if the Aggregate Commitment has been
terminated, Lenders in the aggregate holding at least 75% of the aggregate
unpaid principal amount of the outstanding Advances.

"Multiemployer Plan" means a Plan maintained pursuant to a collective
bargaining agreement or any other arrangement to which the Borrower or any
member of the Controlled Group is a party to which more than one employer is
obligated to make contributions.

"NAIC" means the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any
successor thereto, or in lieu thereof, any other association, agency or other
organization performing advisory, coordination or other like functions among
insurance departments, insurance commissions and similar Governmental
Authorities of the various states of the United States of America toward the
promotion of uniformity in the practices of such Governmental Authorities.

"Notes" means, collectively, the Competitive Bid Notes and the Ratable
Notes; and "Note" means any one of the Notes.

<PAGE>

"Notice of Assignment" is defined in Section 12.3.2.

"Obligations" means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest
on the Notes, all accrued and unpaid fees, and all expenses, reimbursements,
indemnities and other obligations of the Borrower to the Lenders or to any
Lender, the Agent or any indemnified party hereunder arising under the Loan
Documents.

"Participants" is defined in Section 12.2.1.

"Payment and Guarantee Agreement" means the Payment and Guarantee Agreement
dated October 11, 1994, issued by the Borrower for the benefit of the holders of
the Series A Preferred Securities, without giving effect to any amendments
thereto.

"Payment Date" means the last day of each March, June, September and
December.

"PBGC" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or any successor
thereto.

"Permitted Acquisition" means the Acquisition of any Person which has been
approved and recommended by the board of directors (or the functional equivalent
thereof) of the Person being acquired.

"Person" means any natural person, corporation, firm, joint venture,
partnership, association, enterprise, trust or other entity or organization, or
any government or political subdivision or any agency, department or
instrumentality thereof.

"Plan" means an employee pension benefit plan which is covered by Title IV
of ERISA or subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the
Code as to which the Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group may have any
liability.

"Pricing Grid" means the pricing grid attached hereto as Schedule "4".

"Property" of a Person means any and all property, whether real, personal,
tangible, intangible, or mixed, of such Person, or other assets owned, leased or
operated by such Person.

"Purchasers" is defined in Section 12.3.1.

"Ratable Advance" means a borrowing hereunder consisting of the aggregate
amount of the several Ratable Loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower at the
same time, of the same Type and for the same Interest Period.

"Ratable Borrowing Notice" is defined in Section 2.2.3.

"Ratable Loan" means a Loan made by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.2
hereof.

"Ratable Note" means a promissory note in substantially the form of Exhibit
"A" hereto, duly executed and delivered to the Agent by the Borrower for the
account of each Lender and

<PAGE>

payable to the order of a Lender in the amount of its Commitment, including any
amendment, modification, renewal or replacement of such promissory note.

"Regulation D" means Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System as from time to time in effect and any successor thereto or other
regulation or official interpretation of said Board of Governors relating to
reserve requirements applicable to member banks of the Federal Reserve System.

"Regulation U" means Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System as from time to time in effect and any successor or other
regulation or official interpretation of said Board of Governors relating to the
extension of credit by banks for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin
stocks applicable to member banks of the Federal Reserve System.

"Reportable Event" means a reportable event as defined in Section 4043 of
ERISA and the regulations issued under such section, with respect to a Plan,
excluding, however, such events as to which the PBGC has by regulation waived
the requirement of Section 4043(a) of ERISA that it be notified within 30 days
of the occurrence of such event; provided, however, that a failure to meet the
minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code and of Section 302 of ERISA
shall be a Reportable Event regardless of the issuance of any such waiver of the
notice requirement in accordance with either Section 4043(a) of ERISA or Section
412(d) of the Code.

"Required Lenders" means Lenders in the aggregate having at least 66 2/3%
of the Aggregate Commitment or, if the Aggregate Commitment has been terminated,
Lenders in the aggregate holding at least 66 2/3% of the aggregate unpaid
principal amount of the outstanding Advances.

"Reserve Requirement" means, with respect to Eurodollar Interest Period,
the maximum aggregate reserve requirement (including all basic, supplemental,
marginal and other reserves) which is imposed under Regulation D on Eurocurrency
liabilities.

"Risk-Based Capital Guidelines" means (i) the risk-based capital guidelines
in effect in the United States on the date of this Agreement, and (ii) the
corresponding capital regulations promulgated by regulatory authorities outside
the United States implementing the July 1988 report of the Basle Committee on
Banking Regulation and Supervisory Practices Entitled "International Convergence
of Capital Measurements and Capital Standards," and any amendments to such
regulations adopted prior to the date of this Agreement.

"SAP" means, with respect to any Insurance Subsidiary, the statutory
accounting practices prescribed or permitted by the insurance commissioner (or
other similar authority) as of the Closing Date in the jurisdiction of
incorporation of such Insurance Subsidiary for the preparation of annual
statements and other financial reports by insurance companies of the same type
as such Insurance Subsidiary.

"Section" means a numbered section of this Agreement, unless another
document is specifically referenced.

<PAGE>

"Series A Preferred Securities" means the 9.18% Preferred Securities,
Series A, issued by Torchmark Capital L.L.C. on October 11, 1994.

"Series A Preferred Securities Loan Agreement" means the Loan Agreement
dated as of October 11, 1994 between the Borrower and Torchmark Capital L.L.C.
entered into in connection with the Series A Preferred Securities, as in effect
on October 11, 1994.

"Significant Insurance Subsidiary" means any Significant Subsidiary which
is an Insurance Subsidiary.

"Significant Subsidiary" of a Person means a "significant subsidiary" as
defined in Rule 1-02(v) of Regulation S-X of the Securities and Exchange
Commission (17 CFR Part 210).  Unless otherwise expressly provided, all
references herein to a "Significant Subsidiary" shall mean a Significant
Subsidiary of the Borrower.

"Single Employer Plan" means a Plan maintained by the Borrower or any
member of the Controlled Group for employees of the Borrower or any member of
the Controlled Group.

"Subsidiary" of a Person means (i) any corporation more than 50% of the
outstanding securities having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time
be owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or by one or more
of its Subsidiaries or by such Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries, or
(ii) any partnership, association, joint venture, limited liability company or
similar business organization more than 50% of the ownership interests having
ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be so owned or controlled.
Unless otherwise expressly provided, all references herein to a "Subsidiary"
shall mean a Subsidiary of the Borrower.

"Substantial Portion" means, with respect to the Property of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries, Property which (i) represents more than 10% of the
consolidated assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as would be shown in
the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at
the beginning of the twelve-month period ending with the month in which such
determination is made, or (ii) is responsible for more than 10% of the
consolidated net sales or of the consolidated net income of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as reflected in the financial statements referred to in clause (i)
above.

"Termination Date" means (i) October 22, 2002, or (ii) such earlier date on
which the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder are terminated
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

"Transferee" is defined in Section 12.4.

"Type" means, with respect to any Advance, its nature as a Floating Rate
Advance, Eurodollar Advance or Absolute Rate Advance.

"Unfunded Liabilities" means the amount (if any) by which the present value
of all vested nonforfeitable benefits under all Single Employer Plans exceeds
the fair market value of

<PAGE>

all such Plan assets allocable to such benefits, all determined as of the then
most recent valuation date for such Plans.

"Unmatured Default" means an event which but for the lapse of time or the
giving of notice, or both, would constitute a Default.

"Wholly-Owned Subsidiary" of a Person means (i) any Subsidiary all of the
outstanding voting securities of which shall at the time be owned or controlled,
directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries
of such Person, or by such Person and one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of
such Person, or (ii) any partnership, association, joint venture, limited
liability company or similar business organization 100% of the ownership
interests having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be so owned or
controlled.  Unless otherwise expressly provided, all references herein to a
"Wholly-Owned Subsidiary" shall mean a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower.

The foregoing definitions shall be equally applicable to both the singular
and plural forms of the defined terms.

ARTICLE II

THE FACILITY

2.1. The Facility.

2.1.1.  Description of Facility.  The Lenders hereby establish in
favor of the Borrower a revolving credit facility pursuant to which, and upon
the terms and subject to the conditions herein set out:

(i)  each Lender severally agrees to make Ratable Loans to the
Borrower in accordance with Section 2.2 in amounts not to exceed in the
aggregate at any one time outstanding the amount of its Commitment less the
amount of such Lender's pro rata (relative to its Commitment amount) share
of the outstanding principal amount of all Competitive Bid Advances
(regardless of which Lender or Lenders made such Competitive Bid Advances)
exclusive of Competitive Bid Advances being repaid substantially
contemporaneously with the making of any such Ratable Loans; and

(ii) each Lender may, in its sole discretion, make bids to
make Competitive Bid Loans to the Borrower, and make such Loans, in
accordance with Section 2.3.

2.1.2.  Facility Amount.  In no event may the aggregate principal
amount of all outstanding Advances (including both the Ratable Advances and the
Competitive Bid Advances) at any time exceed the Aggregate Commitment.

<PAGE>

2.1.3.  Availability of Facility.  Subject to the terms hereof, such
facility is available from the date hereof to the Termination Date.  Subject to
the terms of this Agreement, the Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow
Advances at any time prior to the Termination Date.  Any outstanding Advances
and all other unpaid Obligations shall be paid in full by the Borrower on the
Termination Date.

2.2. Ratable Advances.

2.2.1.  Ratable Advances.  Each Ratable Advance hereunder shall
consist of borrowings made from the several Lenders ratably in proportion to the
amounts of their respective Commitments.  The Borrower's obligation to pay the
principal of, and interest on, the Ratable Advances shall be evidenced by the
Ratable Notes.  Although the Ratable Notes shall be dated the Closing Date,
interest in respect thereof shall be payable only for the periods during which
the Loans evidenced thereby are outstanding and, although the stated amount of
each Ratable Note shall be equal to the applicable Lender's Commitment, each
Ratable Note shall be enforceable, with respect to the Borrower's obligation to
pay the principal amount thereof, only to the extent of the unpaid principal
amount of the Ratable Loans at the time evidenced thereby.

2.2.2.  Ratable Advance Rate Options.  The Ratable Advances may be
Floating Rate Advances or Eurodollar Ratable Advances, or a combination thereof,
selected by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.2.3 or 2.2.4.  No Ratable
Advance may mature after, or have an Interest Period which extends beyond, the
Termination Date.

2.2.3.  Method of Selecting Types and Interest Periods for Ratable
Advances.  The Borrower shall select the Type of each Ratable Advance and, in
the case of each Eurodollar Ratable Advance, the Eurodollar Interest Period
applicable to such Ratable Advance from time to time; provided, however, that
for a period of at least three Business Days after the initial Advances the
Borrower shall maintain all Ratable Advances as Floating Rate Advances.  The
Borrower shall give the Agent irrevocable notice (a "Ratable Borrowing Notice")
not later than 10:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the Borrowing Date of each Floating
Rate Advance and three Business Days before the Borrowing Date for each
Eurodollar Ratable Advance.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Ratable Borrowing
Notice for a Floating Rate Advance may be given not later than 15 minutes after
the time which the Borrower is required to reject one or more bids offered in
connection with an Absolute Rate Auction pursuant to Section 2.3.6 and a Ratable
Borrowing Notice for a Eurodollar Ratable Advance may be given not later than 15
minutes after the time the Borrower is required to reject one or more bids
offered in connection with a Eurodollar Auction pursuant to Section 2.3.6.  A
Ratable Borrowing Notice shall specify:

(i)  the Borrowing Date, which shall be a Business Day, of
such Ratable Advance;

(ii) the aggregate amount of such Ratable Advance, which, when
added to all outstanding Ratable Advances and Competitive Bid Advances and
after giving effect to the repayment of any such outstanding Advances out
of the proceeds of the requested Ratable Advance, shall not exceed the
Aggregate Commitment;

<PAGE>

(iii)  the Type of Advance selected; and

(iv)   in the case of each Eurodollar Ratable Advance, the
Eurodollar Interest Period applicable thereto (which may not end after the
Termination Date).

2.2.4.  Conversion and Continuation of Outstanding Ratable Advances.
Floating Rate Advances shall continue as Floating Rate Advances unless and until
such Floating Rate  Advances are converted into Eurodollar Ratable Advances.
Each Eurodollar Ratable Advance shall continue as a Eurodollar Ratable Advance
until the end of the then applicable Eurodollar Interest Period therefor, at
which time such Eurodollar Ratable Advance shall be automatically converted into
a Floating Rate Advance unless the Borrower shall have given the Agent a
Conversion/Continuation Notice requesting that, at the end of such Eurodollar
Interest Period, such Eurodollar Ratable Advance continue as a Eurodollar
Ratable Advance for the same or another Eurodollar Interest Period.  Subject to
the terms of Section 2.6, the Borrower may elect from time to time to convert
all or any part of a Ratable Advance of any Type into any other Type or Types of
Ratable Advances; provided that any conversion of any Eurodollar Ratable Advance
shall be made on, and only on, the last day of the Eurodollar Interest Period
applicable thereto.  The Borrower shall give the Agent irrevocable notice (a
"Conversion/Continuation Notice") of each conversion of a Ratable Advance or
continuation of a Eurodollar Ratable Advance not later than 10:00 a.m. (Chicago
time) at least three Business Days, in the case of a conversion into or
continuation of a Eurodollar Ratable Advance, prior to the date of the requested
conversion or continuation, specifying:

(i)    the requested date, which shall be a Business Day, of
such conversion or continuation;

(ii)   the aggregate amount and Type of Ratable Advance which
is to be converted or continued; and

(iii)  the amount and Type(s) of Ratable Advance(s) into which
such Ratable Advance is to be converted or continued and, in the case of a
conversion into or continuation of an Eurodollar Ratable Advance, the
duration of the Eurodollar Interest Period applicable thereto.

2.3. Competitive Bid Advances.

2.3.1.  Competitive Bid Option.  In addition to Ratable Advances
pursuant to Section 2.2, but subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement (including, without limitation, the limitation set forth in Section
2.1.2 as to the maximum aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Advances
hereunder), the Borrower may, as set forth in this Section 2.3, request the
Lenders, prior to the Termination Date, to make offers to make Competitive Bid
Advances to the Borrower.  Each Lender may, but shall have no obligation to,
make such offers and the Borrower may, but shall have no obligation to, accept
any such offers in the manner set forth in this Section 2.3.  The Borrower's
obligation to pay the principal of, and interest on, the Competitive Bid
Advances shall be evidenced by the Competitive Bid Notes.  Although the

<PAGE>

Competitive Bid Notes shall be dated the Closing Date, interest in respect
thereof shall be payable only for the periods during which the Loans evidenced
thereby are outstanding.

2.3.2.  Competitive Bid Quote Request.  When the Borrower wishes to
request offers to make Competitive Bid Loans under this Section 2.3, it shall
transmit to the Agent by telex or telecopy a Competitive Bid Quote Request
substantially in the form of Exhibit "C" hereto so as to be received no later
than (i) 10:00 a.m. (Chicago time) at least four Business Days prior to the
Borrowing Date proposed therein, in the case of a Eurodollar Auction or (ii)
9:00 a.m. (Chicago time) at least one Business Day prior to the Borrowing Date
proposed therein, in the case of an Absolute Rate Auction specifying:

(i)   the proposed Borrowing Date, which shall be a Business
Day, for the proposed Competitive Bid Advance;

(ii)  the aggregate principal amount of such Competitive Bid
Advance;

(iii) whether the Competitive Bid Quotes requested are to set
forth a Eurodollar Bid Rate, an Absolute Rate, or both; and

(iv)  the Interest Period applicable thereto (which may not
end after the Termination Date).

The Borrower may request offers to make Competitive Bid Loans for more than one
Interest Period in a single Competitive Bid Quote Request.  No Competitive Bid
Quote Request shall be given within 5 Business Days (or such other number of
days as the Borrower and the Agent may agree) of any other Competitive Bid Quote
Request.  A Competitive Bid Quote Request that does not conform substantially to
the format of Exhibit "C" hereto shall be rejected, and the Agent shall promptly
notify the Borrower of such rejection by telex or telecopy.

2.3.3.  Invitation for Competitive Bid Quotes.  Promptly and in any
event before the close of business on the same Business Day of receipt of a
Competitive Bid Quote Request that is not rejected pursuant to Section 2.3.2,
the Agent shall send to each of the Lenders by telex or telecopy an Invitation
for Competitive Bid Quotes substantially in the form of Exhibit "D" hereto,
which shall constitute an invitation by the Borrower to each Lender to submit
Competitive Bid Quotes offering to make the Competitive Bid Loans to which such
Competitive Bid Quote Request relates in accordance with this Section 2.3.

2.3.4.  Submission and Contents of Competitive Bid Quotes.

(i)   Each Lender may, in its sole discretion, submit a
Competitive Bid Quote containing an offer or offers to make Competitive Bid
Loans in response to any Invitation for Competitive Bid Quotes. Each
Competitive Bid Quote must comply with the requirements of this Section
2.3.4 and must be submitted to the Agent by telex or telecopy at its
offices specified in or pursuant to Article XIII not later than (a) 9:00
a.m. (Chicago time) at least three Business Days prior to the proposed
Borrowing Date, in the case of a Eurodollar Auction or (b) 9:00 a.m.
(Chicago time) on the proposed Borrowing

<PAGE>

Date, in the case of an Absolute Rate Auction (or, in either case upon
reasonable prior notice to the Lenders, such other time and date as the
Borrower and the Agent may agree); provided that Competitive Bid Quotes
submitted by First Chicago may only be submitted if the Agent or First
Chicago notifies the Borrower of the terms of the offer or offers contained
therein not later than 15 minutes prior to the latest time at which the
relevant Competitive Bid Quotes must be submitted by the other Lenders.
Subject to Articles IV and VIII, any Competitive Bid Quote so made shall be
irrevocable except with the written consent of the Agent given on the
instructions of the Borrower.

(ii)  Each Competitive Bid Quote shall be in substantially the
form of Exhibit "E" hereto and shall in any case specify:

(a)  the proposed Borrowing Date, which shall be the
same as that set forth in the applicable Invitation for Competitive
Bid Quotes;

(b)  the principal amount of the Competitive Bid Loan
for which each such offer is being made, which principal amount (1)
may be greater than, less than or equal to the Commitment of the
quoting Lender, (2) must be at least $10,000,000 and an integral
multiple of $1,000,000, and (3) may not exceed the principal amount of
Competitive Bid Loans for which offers were requested;

(c)  in the case of a Eurodollar Auction, the
Competitive Bid Margin offered for each such Competitive Bid Loan;

(d)  the minimum amount, if any, of the Competitive Bid
Loan which may be accepted by the Borrower;

(e)  in the case of an Absolute Rate Auction, the
Absolute Rate offered for each such Competitive Bid Loan; and

(f)  the identity of the quoting Lender.

(iii) The Agent shall reject any Competitive Bid Quote that:

(a)  is not substantially in the form of Exhibit "E"
hereto or does not specify all of the information required by Section
2.3.4(ii);

(b)  contains qualifying, conditional or similar
language, other than any such language contained in Exhibit "E"
hereto;

(c)  proposes terms other than or in addition to those
set forth in the applicable Invitation for Competitive Bid Quotes; or

(d)  arrives after the time set forth in Section
2.3.4(i).

<PAGE>

If any Competitive Bid Quote shall be rejected pursuant to this Section
2.3.4(iii), then the Agent shall notify the relevant Lender of such rejection
promptly.

2.3.5.  Notice to Borrower.  The Agent shall promptly notify the
Borrower of the terms (i) of any Competitive Bid Quote submitted by a Lender
that is in accordance with Section 2.3.4 and (ii) of any Competitive Bid Quote
that amends, modifies or is otherwise inconsistent with a previous Competitive
Bid Quote submitted by such Lender with respect to the same Competitive Bid
Quote Request.  Any such subsequent Competitive Bid Quote shall be disregarded
by the Agent unless such subsequent Competitive Bid Quote specifically states
that it is submitted solely to correct a manifest error in such former
Competitive Bid Quote.  The Agent's notice to the Borrower shall specify the
aggregate principal amount of Competitive Bid Loans for which offers have been
received for each Interest Period specified in the related Competitive Bid Quote
Request and the respective principal amounts and Eurodollar Bid Rates or
Absolute Rates, as the case may be, so offered.

2.3.6.  Acceptance and Notice by Borrower.  Not later than (i) 10:00
a.m. (Chicago time) at least three Business Days prior to the proposed Borrowing
Date, in the case of a Eurodollar Auction or (ii) 10:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on
the proposed Borrowing Date, in the case of an Absolute Rate Auction (or, in
either case upon reasonable prior notice to the Lenders, such other time and
date as the Borrower and the Agent may agree), the Borrower shall notify the
Agent of its acceptance or rejection of the offers so notified to it pursuant to
Section 2.3.5; provided, however, that the failure by the Borrower to give such
notice to the Agent shall be deemed to be a rejection of all such offers.  In
the case of acceptance, such notice (a "Competitive Bid Borrowing Notice") shall
specify the aggregate principal amount of offers for each Interest Period that
are accepted.  The Borrower may accept any Competitive Bid Quote in whole or in
part (subject to the terms of Section 2.3.4(ii)(d)); provided that:

(i)   the aggregate principal amount of each Competitive Bid
Advance may not exceed the applicable amount set forth in the related
Competitive Bid Quote Request,

(ii)  acceptance of offers may only be made on the basis of
ascending Eurodollar Bid Rates or Absolute Rates, as the case may be, and

(iii) the Borrower may not accept any offer that is described
in Section 2.3.4(iii) or that otherwise fails to comply with the
requirements of this Agreement.

2.3.7.  Allocation by Agent.  If offers are made by two or more
Lenders with the same Eurodollar Bid Rates or Absolute Rates, as the case may
be, for a greater aggregate principal amount than the amount in respect of which
offers are accepted for the related Interest Period, the principal amount of
Competitive Bid Loans in respect of which such offers are accepted shall be
allocated by the Agent among such Lenders as nearly as possible (in such
multiples, not greater than $1,000,000, as the Agent may deem appropriate) in
proportion to the aggregate principal amount of such offers; provided, however,
that no Lender shall be allocated a portion of any Competitive Bid Advance which
is less than the minimum amount which such

<PAGE>

Lender has indicated that it is willing to accept. Allocations by the Agent of
the amounts of Competitive Bid Loans shall be conclusive in the absence of
manifest error. The Agent shall promptly, but in any event on the same Business
Day, notify each Lender of its receipt of a Competitive Bid Borrowing Notice and
<PAGE>

rate determined as applicable to such Eurodollar Advance or Absolute Rate
Advance. No Interest Period may end after the Termination Date.

2.9.  Rates Applicable After Default.  Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in Section 2.2.3 or 2.2.4, no Advance may be made as,
converted into or continued as a Eurodollar Ratable Advance (except with the
consent of the Required Lenders) when any Default or Unmatured Default has
occurred and is continuing.  During the continuance of a Default, the Required
Lenders may, at their option, by notice to the Borrower (which notice may be
revoked at the option of the Required Lenders notwithstanding any provision of
Section 8.2 requiring unanimous consent of the Lenders to changes in interest
rates), declare that (i) each Eurodollar Advance and Absolute Rate Advance shall
bear interest for the remainder of the applicable Interest Period at the
Eurodollar Rate or Absolute Rate otherwise applicable to such Interest Period
plus 2% per annum and (ii) each Floating Rate Advance shall bear interest at a
rate per annum equal to the Alternate Base Rate plus 2% per annum.

2.10. Method of Payment.  All payments of the Obligations hereunder shall
be made, without setoff, deduction, or counterclaim, in immediately available
funds to the Agent at the Agent's address specified pursuant to Article XIII, or
at any other Lending Installation of the Agent specified in writing by the Agent
to the Borrower, by 12:00 noon (local time) on the date when due and shall be
applied ratably by the Agent (i) first, ratably among the Lenders with respect
to any principal and interest due in connection with Ratable Advances, (ii)
second, after all amounts described in clause (i) have been satisfied, ratably
among those Lenders for whom any payment of principal and interest is due in
connection with any Competitive Bid Advances and (iii) third, after all amounts
described in clauses (i) and (ii) have been satisfied, ratably to any other
Obligations then due.  Each payment delivered to the Agent for the account of
any Lender shall be delivered by the Agent to such Lender in the same type of
funds that the Agent received at its address specified pursuant to Article XIII
or at any Lending Installation specified in a notice received by the Agent from
such Lender.  If such payment is received by the Agent by 1:00 p.m. (Chicago
time), such delivery to the Lenders shall be made on the same day and if
received thereafter shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.  The
Agent is hereby authorized to charge the account of the Borrower maintained with
First Chicago for each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due
hereunder.

2.11. Notes; Telephonic Notices.  Each Lender is hereby authorized to
record the principal amount of each of its Loans and each repayment on the
schedule attached to its Note; provided, however, that neither the failure to so
record nor any error in such recordation shall affect the Borrower's obligations
under such Note.  The Borrower hereby authorizes the Lenders and the Agent to
extend, convert or continue Advances, effect selections of Types of Advances,
submit Competitive Bid Quotes and to transfer funds based on telephonic notices
made by any one of the Chairman, Vice Chairman, Treasurer, the Chief Accounting
Officer, any Vice-President or any Assistant Treasurer of the Borrower or any
person who identifies himself or herself to be any such officer; provided that,
without written notice from the Borrower, no proceeds of any Advance shall be
transferred based upon telephonic notice to any bank account other than a bank
account maintained by the Borrower.  The Borrower agrees to deliver promptly to
the Agent a written confirmation, if such confirmation is requested by the Agent
or any

<PAGE>

Lender, of each telephonic notice signed by an Authorized Officer.  If
the written confirmation differs in any material respect from the action taken
by the Agent and the Lenders, the records of the Agent and the Lenders shall
govern absent manifest error.

2.12.  Interest Payment Dates; Interest and Fee Basis.  Interest accrued on
each Floating Rate Advance shall be payable on each Payment Date, commencing
with the first such date to occur after the date hereof, on any date on which
such  Floating Rate Advance is prepaid, whether due to acceleration or
otherwise, and at maturity.  Interest accrued on that portion of the outstanding
principal amount of any Floating Rate Advance converted into a Eurodollar
Ratable Advance on a day other than a Payment Date shall be payable on the date
of conversion.  Interest accrued on each Eurodollar Advance or Absolute Rate
Advance shall be payable on the last day of its applicable Interest Period, on
any date on which the Eurodollar Advance or Absolute Rate Advance is prepaid,
whether by acceleration or otherwise, and at maturity.  Interest accrued on each
Eurodollar Advance or Absolute Rate Advance having an Interest Period longer
than three months shall also be payable on the last day of each three-month
interval during such Interest Period.  Interest and facility fees shall be
calculated for actual days elapsed on the basis of a 360-day year.  Interest
shall be payable for the day an Advance is made but not for the day of any
payment on the amount paid if payment is received prior to 12:00 noon (local
time) at the place of payment.  If any payment of principal of or interest on an
Advance shall become due on a day which is not a Business Day, such payment
shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and, in the case of a
principal payment, such extension of time shall be included in computing
interest in connection with such payment.

2.13.  Notification of Advances, Interest Rates, Prepayments and Commitment
Reductions.  Promptly after receipt thereof, the Agent will notify each Lender
of the contents of each Aggregate Commitment reduction notice, Ratable Borrowing
Notice, Conversion/Continuation Notice, Invitation for Competitive Quotes and
repayment notice received by it hereunder.  The Agent will notify each Lender of
the interest rate applicable to each Eurodollar Advance promptly upon
determination of such interest rate and will give each Lender prompt notice of
each change in the Alternate Base Rate.

2.14.  Lending Installations.  Each Lender may book its Loans at any
Lending Installation selected by such Lender and may change its Lending
Installation from time to time.  All terms of this Agreement shall apply to any
such Lending Installation and the Notes shall be deemed held by each Lender for
the benefit of such Lending Installation.  Each Lender may, by written or telex
notice to the Agent and the Borrower, designate a Lending Installation through
which Loans will be made by it and for whose account Loan payments are to be
made.

2.15.  Non-Receipt of Funds by the Agent.  Unless the Borrower or a Lender,
as the case may be, notifies the Agent prior to the date on which it is
scheduled to make payment to the Agent of (i) in the case of a Lender, the
proceeds of a Loan or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, a payment of principal,
interest or fees to the Agent for the account of the Lenders, that it does not
intend to make such payment, the Agent may assume that such payment has been
made.  The Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the amount of such
payment available to the intended recipient in reliance upon such assumption.
If such Lender or the Borrower, as the case

<PAGE>

may be, has not in fact made such payment to the Agent, the recipient of such
payment shall, on demand by the Agent, repay to the Agent the amount so made
available together with interest thereon in respect of each day during the
period commencing on the date such amount was so made available by the Agent
until the date the Agent recovers such amount at a rate per annum equal to (i)
in the case of payment by a Lender, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such
day or (ii) in the case of payment by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable
to the relevant Loan.

2.16.  Withholding Tax Exemption.  At least five Business Days prior to the
first date on which interest or fees are payable hereunder for the account of
any Lender, each Lender that is not incorporated under the laws of the United
States of America, or a state thereof, agrees that it will deliver to each of
the Borrower and the Agent two duly completed copies of United States Internal
Revenue Service Form 1001 or 4224, certifying in either case that such Lender is
entitled to receive payments under this Agreement and the Notes without
deduction or withholding of any United States federal income taxes.  Each Lender
which so delivers a Form 1001 or 4224 further undertakes to deliver to each of
the Borrower and the Agent two additional copies of such form (or a successor
form) on or before the date that such form expires (currently, three successive
calendar years for Form 1001 and one calendar year for Form 4224) or becomes
obsolete or after the occurrence of any event requiring a change in the most
recent forms so delivered by it, and such amendments thereto or extensions or
renewals thereof as may be reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Agent, in
each case certifying that such Lender is entitled to receive payments under this
Agreement and the Notes without deduction or withholding of any United States
federal income taxes, unless an event (including without limitation any change
in treaty, law or regulation) has occurred prior to the date on which any such
delivery would otherwise be required which renders all such forms inapplicable
or which would prevent such Lender from duly completing and delivering any such
form with respect to it and such Lender advises the Borrower and the Agent that
it is not capable of receiving payments without any deduction or withholding of
United States federal income tax.

ARTICLE III

CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCES

3.1.  Yield Protection.  If, after the date hereof, in connection with a
Eurodollar Loan the adoption of or any change in any law or any governmental or
quasi-governmental rule, regulation, policy, guideline or directive (whether or
not having the force of law), or any change in the interpretation or
administration thereof, or the compliance of any Lender therewith,

(i) subjects any Lender or any applicable Lending Installation to
any tax, duty, charge or withholding on or from payments due from the
Borrower (excluding federal taxation of the overall net income of any
Lender or applicable Lending Installation imposed by the jurisdiction in
which such Lender or Lending Installation is incorporated or has its
principal place of business), or changes the basis of taxation of payments
to any Lender or Lending Installation in respect of its Loans or other
amounts due it hereunder, or

<PAGE>

(ii)   imposes or increases or deems applicable any reserve,
assessment, insurance charge, special deposit or similar requirement
against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended
by, any Lender or any applicable Lending Installation (other than reserves
and assessments taken into account in determining the interest rate
applicable to Eurodollar Advances), or

(iii)  imposes any other condition the result of which is to
increase the cost to any Lender or any applicable Lending Installation of
making, funding or maintaining Loans or reduces any amount receivable by
any Lender or any applicable Lending Installation in connection with Loans,
or requires any Lender or any applicable Lending Installation to make any
payment calculated by reference to the amount of Loans held or interest
received by it, by an amount deemed material by such Lender,

then, within 15 days of demand by such Lender, the Borrower shall pay such
Lender that portion of such increased expense incurred or reduction in an amount
received which such Lender determines is attributable to making, funding and
maintaining its Loans and its Commitment.

3.2.  Changes in Capital Adequacy Regulations.  If a Lender determines the
amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by such Lender, any
Lending Installation of such Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender
is increased as a result of a Change, then, within 15 days of demand by such
Lender, the Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount necessary to compensate
for any shortfall in the rate of return on the portion of such increased capital
which such Lender determines is attributable to this Agreement, its Loans or its
obligation to make Loans hereunder (after taking into account such Lender's
policies as to capital adequacy).

3.3.  Availability of Types of Advances.  If any Lender determines that
maintenance of any of its Eurodollar Loans at a suitable Lending Installation
would violate any applicable law, rule, regulation or directive, whether or not
having the force of law, the Agent shall suspend the availability of the
affected Type of Advance and require any Eurodollar Advances to be repaid or
converted into a Floating Rate Advance within five days after Borrower's receipt
of notice by such Lender; or if the Required Lenders determine that (i) deposits
of a type or maturity appropriate to match fund Eurodollar Advances are not
available, or (ii) an interest rate applicable to an Eurodollar Advance does not
accurately reflect the cost of making a Eurodollar Advance of such Type, then
the Agent shall suspend the availability of Eurodollar Advances with respect to
any Eurodollar Advances made after the date of any such determination.

3.4.  Funding Indemnification.  If any payment of a Eurodollar Advance
occurs on a date which is not the last day of the applicable Eurodollar Interest
Period, whether because of acceleration, prepayment or otherwise, or a
Eurodollar  Advance is not made on the date specified by the Borrower for any
reason other than default by the Lenders, the Borrower will indemnify each
Lender for any loss or cost incurred by it resulting therefrom, including,
without limitation, any loss or cost in liquidating or employing deposits
acquired to fund or maintain the Eurodollar Advance.

<PAGE>

3.5.  Lender Statements; Survival of Indemnity. To the extent reasonably
possible, each Lender shall designate an alternate Lending Installation with
respect to its Eurodollar Loans to reduce any liability of the Borrower to such
Lender under Sections 3.1 and 3.2 or to avoid the unavailability of a Type of
Advance under Section 3.3, so long as such designation is not disadvantageous to
such Lender.  Each Lender shall deliver a written statement of such Lender to
the Borrower (with a copy to the Agent) as to the amount due, if any, under
Sections 3.1, 3.2 or 3.4.  Such written statement shall set forth in reasonable
detail the calculations upon which such Lender determined such amount and shall
be final, conclusive and binding on the Borrower in the absence of manifest
error.  Determination of amounts payable under such Sections in connection with
a Eurodollar Loan shall be calculated as though each Lender funded its
Eurodollar Loan through the purchase of a deposit of the type and maturity
corresponding to the deposit used as a reference in determining the Eurodollar
Rate applicable to such Loan, whether in fact that is the case or not.  Unless
otherwise provided herein, the amount specified in the written statement of any
Lender shall be payable on demand after receipt by the Borrower of the written
statement.  The obligations of the Borrower under Sections 3.1, 3.2 and 3.4
shall survive payment of the Obligations and termination of this Agreement.

3.6.  Right to Substitute Lender.  Any Lender claiming any additional
amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.1 or 3.2 materially in excess of those
being charged by other Lenders or unable to make a Eurodollar Advance available
in accordance with Section 3.3, shall, so long as no Default or Unmatured
Default has occurred and is continuing, upon the written request of the Borrower
delivered to such Lender and the Agent, assign, pursuant to and in accordance
with the provisions of Section 12.3, all of its rights and obligations under
this Agreement and under the Loan Documents to another Lender or to a commercial
bank, other financial institution, commercial finance company or other business
lender selected by the Borrower and reasonably acceptable to the Agent in
consideration for (a) the payment by such assignee to such assigning Lender of
the principal of, and interest accrued and unpaid to the date of such assignment
on, the Notes held by such assigning Lender, (b) the payment by the Borrower to
such assigning Lender of any and all other amounts owing to such assigning
Lender under any provision of this Agreement accrued and unpaid to the date of
such assignment, and (c) the Borrower's release of such assigning Lender from
any further obligation or liability under this Agreement and the Loan Documents.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 3.6, in no
event shall the replacement of any Lender result in a decrease or reallocation
of the aggregate Commitments without the prior written consent of the remaining
Lenders.




ARTICLE IV





<PAGE>

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

4.1.  Initial Advance.  The Lenders shall not be required to make the
initial Advance hereunder unless on the Closing Date the Borrower has furnished
to the Agent with sufficient copies for the Lenders:

(i)    Copies of the restated certificate of incorporation of the
Borrower certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the
Borrower, together with good standing certificates issued as of a recent
date by the Secretaries of State of Delaware and Alabama.

(ii)   Copies, certified by the Secretary or an Assistant
Secretary of the Borrower, of its by-laws and Board of Directors'
resolutions authorizing the execution of the Loan Documents.

(iii)  An incumbency certificate, executed by the Secretary or an
Assistant Secretary of the Borrower, which shall identify by name and title
and bear the signature of the officers of the Borrower authorized to sign
the Loan Documents and to make borrowings hereunder, upon which certificate
the Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely until informed of any
change in writing by the Borrower.

(iv)   A certificate, signed by the Chief Financial Officer or
the Treasurer of the Borrower, stating that on the date hereof (a) no
Default or Unmatured Default has occurred and is continuing and (b) each of
the representations and warranties set forth in Article V of this Agreement
is true and correct as of such date.

(v)    A written opinion of Larry M. Hutchison, Vice President
and General Counsel of the Borrower, addressed to the Lenders in
substantially the form of Exhibit "F" hereto.

(vi)   Notes payable to the order of each of the Lenders.

(vii)  Written money transfer instructions, in substantially the
form of Exhibit "I" hereto, addressed to the Agent and signed by an
Authorized Officer, together with such other related money transfer
authorizations as the Agent may have reasonably requested.

(viii) The Existing Credit Agreements shall have been terminated
and all amounts owing thereunder shall have been paid (or shall
contemporaneously be paid) in full, and the Borrower shall have paid to the
Agent and the Lenders all accrued fees and expenses payable on or prior to
the Closing Date.

(ix) Such other documents as any Lender or its counsel may have
reasonably requested.

<PAGE>

4.2.  Each Advance.  The Lenders shall not be required to make any Advance,
unless on the applicable Borrowing Date:

(i)  There exists no Default or Unmatured Default.

(ii) The representations and warranties contained in Article V
(other than Section 5.4 and 5.5) are true and correct as of such Borrowing
Date except for changes in the Schedules hereto reflecting transactions
permitted by this Agreement.

Each Ratable Borrowing Notice and Competitive Bid Quote Request with
respect to each such Advance shall constitute a representation and warranty by
the Borrower that the conditions contained in Sections 4.2(i) and (ii) have been
satisfied.  Any Lender may require a duly completed compliance certificate in
substantially the form of Exhibit "G" hereto as a condition to making an
Advance.

ARTICLE V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that:

5.1.  Corporate Existence and Standing.  Each of the Borrower and its
Significant Subsidiaries is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and has
all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which
its business is conducted.

5.2.  Authorization and Validity.  The Borrower has the corporate power and
authority and legal right to execute and deliver the Loan Documents and to
perform its obligations thereunder.  The execution and delivery by the Borrower
of the Loan Documents and the performance of its obligations thereunder have
been duly authorized by proper corporate proceedings, and the Loan Documents
constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower enforceable
against the Borrower in accordance with their terms, except as enforceability
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the
enforcement of creditors' rights generally.

5.3.  No Conflict; Government Consent.  Neither the execution and delivery
by the Borrower of the Loan Documents, nor the consummation of the transactions
therein contemplated, nor compliance with the provisions thereof will violate
any law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award
binding on the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or the Borrower's or any of
its Subsidiaries' articles of incorporation or by-laws or the provisions of any
indenture, instrument or agreement to which the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party or is subject, or by which it, or its Property, is
bound, or conflict with or constitute a default thereunder, or result in the
creation or imposition of any Lien in, of or on the Property of the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, instrument
or agreement, other than such violations, conflicts or defaults which,
individually or

<PAGE>

in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. No order, consent, approval, license, authorization, or validation of,
or filing, recording or registration with, or exemption by, any governmental or
public body or authority, or any subdivision thereof, is required to authorize,
or is required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of, or
the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of, any of the Loan
Documents.

5.4.  Financial Statements.  The December 31, 1996 audited consolidated
financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and the June 30, 1997
unaudited  consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries heretofore delivered to the Lenders (the "Financial Statements")
were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in
effect on the date such statements were prepared and fairly present the
consolidated financial condition and operations of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries at such dates and the consolidated results of their operations for
the periods then ended.

5.5.  Material Adverse Change.  Since December 31, 1996, there has been no
change in the business, Property, prospects, condition (financial or otherwise)
or results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries which could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.6.  Taxes.  The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have filed all United
States federal tax returns and all other tax returns which are required to be
filed and have paid all taxes due pursuant to said returns or pursuant to any
assessment received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, except such
taxes, if any, as are being contested in good faith and as to which, in the good
faith judgment of the Borrower, adequate reserves have been provided.  The
United States income tax returns of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have been
audited by the Internal Revenue Service through the fiscal year ended December
31, 1993.  No tax liens have been filed and no claims against the Borrower or
its Subsidiaries are being asserted with respect to any such taxes except claims
being contested in good faith and as to which, in the good faith judgment of the
Borrower, adequate reserves have been provided.  The charges, accruals and
reserves on the books of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of any
taxes or other governmental charges are adequate in the good faith judgment of
the Borrower.

5.7.  Litigation and Contingent Obligations.  There is no litigation,
arbitration, governmental investigation, proceeding or inquiry pending or, to
the knowledge of any of their officers, threatened against or affecting the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries which could reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect (after giving effect to reserves which have been
provided with respect thereto on the books of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries).  As of the date hereof, the Borrower has no material Contingent
Obligations not provided for or disclosed in the Financial Statements.  Solely
for purposes of any reaffirmation of the foregoing representations pursuant to
Section 4.2(ii) in connection with any Loans the proceeds of which are used to
repay maturing commercial paper, such representations shall not extend to any
proceeding in which a punitive damages judgment has been entered against the
Borrower or any Subsidiary, such judgment has been stayed on appeal or the time
for appeal from such judgment


<PAGE>

has not expired and such judgment could not reasonably be expected to have a
material adverse effect on the ability of the Borrower to perform its
obligations under the Loan Documents.

5.8.   Subsidiaries.  Schedule "2" hereto contains an accurate list of all
of the Significant Subsidiaries of the Borrower in existence on the date of this
Agreement, setting forth their respective jurisdictions of incorporation and the
percentage of their respective capital stock owned by the Borrower or other
Subsidiaries.  All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of such
Subsidiaries have been duly authorized and issued and are fully paid and non-
assessable.

5.9.   ERISA.  The Unfunded Liabilities of all Single Employer Plans do not
in the aggregate exceed $10,000,000.  Each Plan complies in all material
respects with all applicable requirements of law and regulations.  No Reportable
Event has occurred with respect to any Plan and neither the Borrower nor any
other members of the Controlled Group has withdrawn from any Plan or initiated
steps to do so, which occurrence or withdrawal could result in a Material
Adverse Effect.  No steps have been taken to terminate any Plan which has
Unfunded Liabilities.

5.10.  Accuracy of Information.  No information, exhibit or report
furnished by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to the Agent or to any
Lender in connection with the negotiation of, or compliance with, the Loan
Documents contained any material misstatement of fact, omitted to state a
material fact or omitted to state any fact necessary to make the statements
contained therein not misleading in any material respect.

5.11.  Regulation U.  Margin stock (as defined in Regulation U) constitutes
less than 25% of those assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries which are
subject to any limitation on sale, pledge or other restriction hereunder.

5.12.  Material Agreements.  Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is a
party to any agreement or instrument or subject to any charter or other
corporate restriction which could reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.  Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is in default in the
performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or
conditions contained in any agreement to which it is a party, which default
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Neither the
Borrower nor any Significant Subsidiary is in default in the performance,
observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or conditions
contained in any agreement or instrument evidencing or governing Indebtedness.

5.13.  Compliance With Laws.  The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have
complied with all applicable statutes, rules, regulations, orders and
restrictions of any domestic or foreign government or any instrumentality or
agency thereof, having jurisdiction over the conduct of their respective
businesses or the ownership of their respective Property, except where the
failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.  Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary has received any notice to the
effect that its operations are not in material compliance with any of the
requirements of applicable federal, state and local environmental, health and
safety statutes and regulations or the subject of any federal or state

<PAGE>

investigation evaluating whether any remedial action is needed to respond to a
release of any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the environment, which
non-compliance or remedial action could reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

5.14.  Ownership of Properties.  Except for Liens permitted by Section
6.14, on the date of this Agreement the Borrower and its Subsidiaries  have good
title to all of the Property and assets reflected in the Financial Statements as
owned by it, free of all Liens other than those permitted by this Agreement,
except for assets sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of in the ordinary
course of business since the date of such Financial Statements.

5.15.  Investment Company Act.  Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary
thereof is an "investment company" or a company "controlled" by an "investment
company", within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

5.16.  Public Utility Holding Company Act.  Neither the Borrower nor any
Subsidiary is a "holding company" or a "subsidiary company" of a "holding
company", or an "affiliate" of a "holding company" or of a "subsidiary company"
of a "holding company", within the meaning of the Public Utility Holding Company
Act of 1935, as amended.

5.17.  Insurance Licenses.  Schedule "3" attached hereto (as said Schedule
"3" shall be revised or supplemented from time to time to reflect withdrawals or
changes in jurisdictions permitted by Section 6.4 or additional jurisdictions
set forth in the Annual Statements furnished pursuant to Section 6.1(vii)) lists
all of the jurisdictions in which any Significant Insurance Subsidiary holds
active Licenses and is authorized to transact insurance business.  No such
License is the subject of a proceeding for suspension or revocation, there is no
sustainable basis for such suspension or revocation, and to the Borrower's best
knowledge, no such suspension or revocation has been threatened by any
Governmental Authority.  Schedule "3" also indicates the type or types of
insurance in which each such Insurance Subsidiary is permitted to engage with
respect to each License therein listed.  None of the Insurance Subsidiaries
transacts any insurance business, directly or indirectly, in any state other
than those enumerated in Schedule "3".

ARTICLE VI

COVENANTS

During the term of this Agreement, unless the Required Lenders shall
otherwise consent in writing:

6.1.   Financial Reporting. The Borrower will maintain, for itself and each
Subsidiary, a system of accounting established and administered in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and furnish to the Lenders:

(i) Within 90 days after the close of each of its fiscal years,
an unqualified audit report certified by independent certified public
accountants, acceptable

<PAGE>

to the Lenders, prepared in accordance with Agreement Accounting Principles
on a consolidated and consolidating basis (consolidating statements need
not be certified by such accountants) for itself and its Subsidiaries,
including balance sheets as of the end of such period, related profit and
loss and reconciliation of surplus statements, and a statement of cash
flows, accompanied by a certificate of said accountants that, in the course
of their examination necessary for their certification of the foregoing,
they have obtained no knowledge of any Default or Unmatured Default, or if,
in the opinion of such accountants, any Default or Unmatured Default shall
exist, stating the nature and status thereof.

(ii)   Within 45 days after the close of the first three
quarterly periods of each of its fiscal years, for itself and its
Subsidiaries, consolidated and consolidating unaudited balance sheets as at
the close of each such period and consolidated and consolidating profit and
loss statements and a statement of cash flows for the period from the
beginning of such fiscal year to the end of such quarter, all certified by
its Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer or Treasurer.

(iii)  Together with the financial statements required hereunder,
a compliance certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit "G" hereto
signed by the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer or
Treasurer of the Borrower showing the calculations necessary to determine
compliance with this Agreement and stating that no Default or Unmatured
Default exists, or if any Default or Unmatured Default exists, stating the
nature and status thereof.

(iv)   Within 330 days after the close of each fiscal year, a
statement of the Unfunded Liabilities of each Single Employer Plan,
certified as correct by an actuary enrolled under ERISA.

(v)    As soon as possible and in any event within 10 days after
the Borrower knows that any Reportable Event has occurred with respect to
any Plan, a statement, signed by the Chief Financial Officer, Chief
Accounting Officer, Treasurer or Vice President of the Borrower, describing
said Reportable Event and the action which the Borrower proposes to take
with respect thereto.

(vi)   As soon as possible and in any event within 10 days after
receipt by the Borrower, a copy of (a) any notice or claim to the effect
that the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is or may be liable to any
Person as a result of the release by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries,
or any other Person of any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the
environment, and (b) any notice alleging any violation of any federal,
state or local environmental, health or safety law or regulation by the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, which, in the case of either (a) or
(b) above, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(vii)  Within 75 days after the close of each fiscal year of each
Insurance Subsidiary, copies of the Annual Statement of each of the
Insurance Subsidiaries, as


<PAGE>

certified by the president, secretary and treasurer of and the actuary for
each such Insurance Subsidiary and prepared on the NAIC annual statement
blanks (or such other form as shall be required by the jurisdiction of
incorporation of each such Insurance Subsidiary), all such statements to be
prepared in accordance with SAP consistently applied throughout the periods
reflected therein and to be certified by independent certified public
accountants reasonably acceptable to the Agent if so required by any
Governmental Authority.

(viii) Promptly upon the filing thereof, copies of all Forms 10-
Q, 10-K and 8-K which the Borrower or any Subsidiary files with the
Securities and Exchange Commission and, together with copies of each Form
10-K so furnished, a list of such revisions to Schedule "2", if any, as
shall be necessary to cause Schedule "2" to accurately set forth all then
existing Significant Subsidiaries of the Borrower, their respective
jurisdictions of incorporation and the percentage of their respective
capital stock owned by the Borrower or other Subsidiaries.

(ix)   Promptly upon the Borrower's receipt thereof, copies of
reports or valuations prepared by any Governmental Authority or actuary in
respect of any action or event which has resulted in the reduction by 5% or
more in the capital and surplus of any Insurance Subsidiary.

(x)    Promptly and in any event within ten days after learning
thereof, notification of any decrease after the Closing Date in the rating
given by A.M. Best & Co. in respect of any Insurance Subsidiary.

(xi)   Such other information (including, without limitation,
non-financial information) as the Agent or any Lender may from time to time
reasonably request.

6.2.  Use of Proceeds.  The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary
to, use the proceeds of the Advances (i) for general corporate purposes,
including, without limitation, the repayment of Indebtedness and (ii) to finance
Permitted Acquisitions.  The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any
Subsidiary to, use any of the proceeds of the Advances to purchase or carry any
"margin stock" (as defined in Regulation U).

6.3.  Certain Notices.  The Borrower will give prompt notice in writing to
the Agent and the Lenders of (i) the occurrence of any Default or Unmatured
Default and of any other development, financial or otherwise, relating
specifically to the Borrower which could reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the receipt of any notice from any Governmental
Authority of the expiration without renewal, revocation or suspension of, or the
institution of any proceedings to revoke or suspend, any License now or
hereafter held by any Insurance Subsidiary which is required to conduct
insurance business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, other
than such expiration, revocation or suspension which, individually or in the
aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect,
(iii) the receipt of any notice from any Governmental Authority of the
institution of any

<PAGE>

disciplinary proceedings against or in respect of any Insurance Subsidiary, or
the issuance of any order, the taking of any action or any request for an
extraordinary audit for cause by any Governmental Authority which, if adversely
determined, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or
(iv) any judicial or administrative order limiting or controlling the insurance
business of any Insurance Subsidiary (and not the insurance industry generally)
which has been issued or adopted and which could reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect. Any such notice shall state that it is given pursuant
to this Section 6.3.

6.4.  Conduct of Business.  The Borrower will, and will cause each
Significant Subsidiary to, do all things necessary to remain duly incorporated,
validly existing and in good standing as a domestic corporation in its
jurisdiction of incorporation and maintain all requisite authority to conduct
its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted.  The
Borrower will cause each Significant Insurance Subsidiary to (i) carry on or
otherwise be associated with the business of a licensed insurance carrier and
(ii) do all things necessary to renew, extend and continue in effect all
Licenses which may at any time and from time to time be necessary for such
Significant Insurance Subsidiary to operate its insurance business in compliance
with all applicable laws and regulations; provided, however, that any such
Significant Insurance Subsidiary may withdraw from one or more states as an
admitted insurer or change the state of its domicile, if such withdrawal or
change is in the best interests of the Borrower and such Significant Insurance
Subsidiary and could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

6.5.  Taxes.  The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, pay
when due all taxes, assessments and governmental charges and levies upon it or
its income, profits or Property, except those which are being contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which adequate reserves
have been set aside.

6.6.  Insurance.  The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to,
maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on
all or substantially all of its Property, or shall maintain self-insurance, in
such amounts and covering such risks as is consistent with sound business
practice for Persons in substantially the same industry as the Borrower or such
Subsidiary, and the Borrower will furnish to any Lender upon request full
information as to the insurance carried.

6.7.  Compliance with Laws.  The Borrower will, and will cause each
Subsidiary to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations, orders, writs,
judgments, injunctions, decrees or awards to which it may be subject, except
where the failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

6.8.  Maintenance of Properties.  The Borrower will, and will cause each
Subsidiary to, do all things necessary to maintain, preserve, protect and keep
its Property in good repair, working order and condition, and make all necessary
and proper repairs, renewals and replacements so that its business carried on in
connection therewith may be properly conducted at all times, except where the
failure to so maintain, preserve, protect and repair could not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

<PAGE>

6.9.  Inspection.  The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to,
permit the Agent and the Lenders, by their respective representatives and
agents, to inspect any of the Property, corporate books and financial records of
the Borrower and each Subsidiary, to examine and make copies of the books of
accounts and other financial records of the Borrower and each Subsidiary, and to
discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Borrower and each Subsidiary
with, and to be advised as to the same by, their respective officers upon
reasonable notice and at such reasonable times and intervals as the Lenders may
designate.

6.10.  Merger.  The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary
to, merge or consolidate with or into any other Person, except that (i) a
Subsidiary may merge with the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary and (ii) the
Borrower and any Subsidiary may merge or consolidate with or into any other
Person provided that the Borrower or such Subsidiary shall be the continuing or
surviving corporation and, after giving effect to such merger or consolidation,
no Default or Unmatured Default shall exist.

6.11.  Sale of Assets.  The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any
Subsidiary to, lease, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a Substantial Portion
of its Property (exclusive of Investments sold in the ordinary course of
business) to any other Person(s) in any calendar year.

6.12.  Sale and Leaseback.  The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any
Subsidiary to, sell or transfer a Substantial Portion of its Property in order
to concurrently or subsequently lease as lessee such or similar Property.

6.13.  Investments and Acquisitions.  The Borrower will not make, and will
not permit any Subsidiary to make, any Acquisitions except Permitted
Acquisitions.

6.14.  Liens.  The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to,
create, incur, or suffer to exist any Lien in, of or on its Property other than
Liens securing in the aggregate not more than $100,000,000 of Indebtedness.

6.15.  Consolidated Net Worth.  The Borrower will maintain at all times
Consolidated Net Worth equal to not less than the sum of (i) $1,575,000,000 plus
(ii) 25% of the Borrower's Consolidated Net Income, if positive, for each fiscal
quarter ending after June 30, 1997.

6.16.  Ratio of Consolidated Indebtedness to Consolidated Capitalization.
The Borrower will maintain at all times a ratio of Consolidated Indebtedness to
Consolidated Capitalization of not greater than .5 to 1.0.

6.17.  Ratio of Consolidated Adjusted Net Income to Consolidated Interest
Expense.  The Borrower will maintain, as at the last day of each fiscal quarter,
a ratio of (i) Consolidated Adjusted Net Income to (ii) Consolidated Interest
Expense, in each case calculated for the four fiscal quarters then ending, of
not less than 2.5 to 1.0.

6.18.  Affiliates.  The Borrower will not, and will not permit any
Subsidiary to, enter into any transaction (including, without limitation, the
purchase or sale of any Property or service) with, or make any payment or
transfer to, any Affiliate (other than a Wholly-Owned

<PAGE>

Subsidiary) except (i) any such transactions, payments or transfers with or to
such Affiliates as are made in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to
the reasonable requirements of the Borrower's or such Subsidiary's business and
upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to the Borrower or such
Subsidiary than the Borrower or such Subsidiary would obtain in a comparable
arms-length transaction and (ii) any such other transactions, payments or
transfers with or to such Affiliates as could not reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect.

6.19  Series A Preferred Securities.  The Borrower will not, and will not
permit Torchmark Capital L.L.C. to, declare or pay dividends or distributions
on, or redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire, the Series A Preferred Securities
or any portion thereof if, after giving effect thereto, a Default or Unmatured
Default would exist.

ARTICLE VII

DEFAULTS

The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute
a Default:

7.1.  Any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to the Lenders or the Agent under or in
connection with this Agreement, any Loan, or any certificate or information
delivered in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be
materially false or misleading on the date as of which made.

7.2.  Nonpayment of any principal of any Note when due, or nonpayment of
any interest upon any Note or of any facility fee or other obligations under any
of the Loan Documents within five days after the same becomes due.

7.3.  The breach by the Borrower of any of the terms or provisions of
Section 6.2, 6.3, 6.10, 6.11, 6.12, 6.13, 6.15, 6.16 or 6.17; or the breach by
the Borrower of any of the terms or provisions of Section 6.14 or 6.18 which is
not remedied within ten days after the Borrower learns thereof.

7.4.  The breach by the Borrower (other than a breach which constitutes a
Default under Section 7.1, 7.2 or 7.3) of any of the terms or provisions of this
Agreement which is not remedied within twenty days after written notice from the
Agent or any Lender.

7.5.  Failure of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to pay when due
any Indebtedness in excess of, singly or in the aggregate for all such
Subsidiaries, $10,000,000; or the default by the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries in the performance of any term, provision or condition contained in
any agreement under which any such Indebtedness was created or is governed, or
any other event shall occur or condition exist, the effect of which is to cause,
or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness to cause, such
Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity; or any such
Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall be

<PAGE>

declared to be due and payable or required to be prepaid (other than by a
regularly scheduled payment) prior to the stated maturity thereof.

7.6.    The Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall (i) have an order for
relief entered with respect to it under the Federal bankruptcy laws as now or
hereafter in effect, (ii) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iii)
apply for, seek, consent to, or acquiesce in, the appointment of a receiver,
custodian, trustee, examiner, liquidator or similar official for it or any
Substantial Portion of its Property, (iv) institute any proceeding seeking an
order for relief under the Federal bankruptcy laws as now or hereafter in effect
or seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking dissolution,
winding up, liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition
of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or
reorganization or relief of debtors or fail to file an answer or other pleading
denying the material allegations of any such proceeding filed against it, (v)
take any corporate action to authorize or effect any of the foregoing actions
set forth in this Section 7.6, (vi) fail to contest in good faith any
appointment or proceeding described in Section 7.7 or not pay, or admit in
writing its inability to pay, its debts generally as they become due.

7.7.  Without the application, approval or consent of the Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries, a receiver, trustee, examiner, liquidator or similar
official shall be appointed for the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any
Substantial Portion of its Property, or a proceeding described in Section
7.6(iv) shall be instituted against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and
such appointment continues undischarged or such proceeding continues undismissed
or unstayed for a period of 30 consecutive days.

7.8.  Any court, government or governmental agency shall condemn, seize or
otherwise appropriate, or take custody or control of (each a "Condemnation"),
all or any portion of the Property of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
which, when taken together with all other Property of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries so condemned, seized, appropriated, or taken custody or control of,
during the twelve-month period ending with the month in which any such
Condemnation occurs, constitutes a Substantial Portion of its Property.

7.9.  The Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail within 45 days to
pay, bond or otherwise discharge any judgment or order for the payment of money,
either singly or in the aggregate, in excess of $10,000,000, which is not stayed
on appeal or otherwise being appropriately contested in good faith.

7.10. The Unfunded Liabilities of all Single Employer Plans shall exceed
in the aggregate $10,000,000 or any Reportable Event shall occur in connection
with any Plan.

7.11. The Borrower or any other member of the Controlled Group shall have
been notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan that it has incurred
withdrawal liability to such Multiemployer Plan in an amount which, when
aggregated with all other amounts required to be paid to Multiemployer Plans by
the Borrower or any other member of the Controlled Group as withdrawal liability
(determined as of the date of such notification), exceeds $5,000,000 or requires
payments exceeding $500,000 per annum.

<PAGE>

7.12.  The Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall be the subject of any
proceeding or investigation pertaining to the release by the Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries or any other person of any toxic or hazardous waste or
substance into the environment, or any violation of any federal, state or local
environmental, health or safety law or regulation, which, in either case, could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.13.  Any Change in Control shall occur.

7.14.  Any License of any Insurance Subsidiary held by such Insurance
Subsidiary on the Closing Date or acquired by such Insurance Subsidiary
thereafter, the loss of which would have, in the reasonable judgment of the
Lenders, a Material Adverse Effect, (i) shall be revoked by a final non-
appealable order by the state which shall have issued such License, or any
action (whether administrative or judicial) to revoke such License shall have
been commenced against such Insurance Subsidiary which shall not have been
dismissed or contested in good faith within 30 days of the commencement thereof,
(ii) shall be suspended by such state for a period in excess of 30 days or (iii)
shall not be reissued or renewed by such state upon the expiration thereof
following application for such reissuance or renewal by such Insurance
Subsidiary.

ARTICLE VIII

ACCELERATION, WAIVERS, AMENDMENTS AND REMEDIES

8.1.   Acceleration.  If any Default described in Section 7.6 or 7.7 occurs
with respect to the Borrower, the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans
hereunder shall automatically terminate and the Obligations shall immediately
become due and payable without any election or action on the part of the Agent
or any Lender. If any other Default occurs, the Required Lenders (or the Agent
with the consent of the Required Lenders) may terminate or suspend the
obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder, or declare the Obligations
to be due and payable, or both, whereupon the Obligations shall become
immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or notice of
any kind, all of which the Borrower hereby expressly waives.

If, before any judgment or decree for the payment of the Obligations due
shall have been obtained or entered, the Modified Required Lenders (or, in the
case of an automatic termination upon the occurrence of a Default under Section
7.6 or 7.7, all the Lenders), in their sole discretion, shall so direct, the
Agent shall, by notice to the Borrower, rescind and annul such acceleration
and/or termination.

8.2.   Amendments.  Subject to the provisions of this Article VIII, the
Required Lenders (or the Agent with the consent in writing of the Required
Lenders) and the Borrower may enter into agreements supplemental hereto for the
purpose of adding or modifying any provisions to the Loan Documents or changing
in any manner the rights of the Lenders or the Borrower hereunder or thereunder
or waiving any Default hereunder or thereunder; provided, however, that no such
supplemental agreement shall, without the consent of each Lender:

<PAGE>

(i)    Extend the Termination Date or compromise or forgive the
principal amount of any Loan, or reduce the rate of interest or compromise
or forgive payment of interest on any Loan, or reduce the amount of any fee
payable hereunder.

(ii)   Reduce the percentage specified in the definition of
Required Lenders or Modified Required Lenders.

(iii)  Increase the amount of the Commitment of any Lender
hereunder, or permit the Borrower to assign its rights under this
Agreement.

(iv)   Amend this Section 8.2.

No amendment of any provision of this Agreement relating to the Agent shall be
effective without the written consent of the Agent. The Agent may waive payment
of the fee required under Section 12.3.2 without obtaining the consent of any
other party to this Agreement.

8.3.  Preservation of Rights.  No delay or omission of the Lenders or the
Agent to exercise any right under the Loan Documents shall impair such right or
be construed to be a waiver of any Default or an acquiescence therein, and the
making of a Loan notwithstanding the existence of a Default or the inability of
the Borrower to satisfy the conditions precedent to such Loan shall not
constitute any waiver or acquiescence.  Any single or partial exercise of any
such right shall not preclude other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other right, and no waiver, amendment or other variation of the terms,
conditions or provisions of the Loan Documents whatsoever shall be valid unless
in writing signed by the Lenders required pursuant to Section 8.2, and then only
to the extent in such writing specifically set forth.  All remedies contained in
the Loan Documents or by law afforded shall be cumulative and all shall be
available to the Agent and the Lenders until the Obligations have been paid in
full.

ARTICLE IX

GENERAL PROVISIONS

9.1.  Survival of Representations.  All representations and warranties of
the Borrower contained in this Agreement shall survive delivery of the Notes and
the making of the Loans herein contemplated.

9.2.  Governmental Regulation.  Anything contained in this Agreement to the
contrary notwithstanding, no Lender shall be obligated to extend credit to the
Borrower in violation of any limitation or prohibition provided by any
applicable statute or regulation.

9.3.  Taxes.  Any taxes (excluding federal income taxes on the overall net
income of any Lender) or other similar assessments or charges payable or ruled
payable by any governmental or revenue authority in respect of the Loan
Documents shall be paid by the Borrower, together with interest and penalties,
if any.

<PAGE>

9.4.  Headings.  Section headings in the Loan Documents are for convenience
of reference only, and shall not govern the interpretation of any of the
provisions of the Loan Documents.

9.5.  Entire Agreement.  The Loan Documents embody the entire agreement and
understanding among the Borrower, the Agent and the Lenders and supersede all
prior agreements and understandings among the Borrower, the Agent and the
Lenders relating to the subject matter thereof other than the Commitment Letter
dated October 2, 1997 and that certain fee letter agreement dated October 2,
1997, in each case by and between the Borrower and First Chicago.

9.6.  Several Obligations; Benefits of this Agreement.  The respective
obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint and no Lender
shall be the partner or agent of any other (except to the extent to which the
Agent is authorized to act as such).  The failure of any Lender to perform any
of its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of its
obligations hereunder.  This Agreement shall not be construed so as to confer
any right or benefit upon any Person other than the parties to this Agreement
and their respective successors and assigns.

9.7.  Expenses; Indemnification.  The Borrower shall reimburse the Agent
for any costs, internal charges and out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable
attorneys' fees and time charges of attorneys for the Agent, which attorneys may
be employees of the Agent) paid or incurred by the Agent in connection with the
preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery, review, amendment, modification,
and administration of the Loan Documents. The Borrower also agrees to reimburse
the Agent and the Lenders for any costs, internal charges and out-of-pocket
expenses (including attorneys' fees and time charges of attorneys for the Agent
and the Lenders, which attorneys may be employees of the Agent or the Lenders)
paid or incurred by the Agent or any Lender in connection with the collection of
the Obligations or the enforcement of the Loan Documents. The Borrower further
agrees to indemnify the Agent and each Lender, its directors, officers and
employees against all losses, claims, damages, penalties, judgments, liabilities
and expenses (collectively, the "indemnified obligations") (including, without
limitation, all expenses of litigation or preparation therefor whether or not
the Agent or any Lender is a party thereto, but excluding those indemnified
obligations arising solely from any Lender's failure to perform its obligations
under this Agreement) which any of them may pay or incur arising out of or
relating to this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the transactions
contemplated hereby or the direct or indirect application or proposed
application of the proceeds of any Loan hereunder, except that no indemnified
party shall be indemnified for any indemnified obligations arising from its own
gross negligence or willful misconduct as finally determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction. The obligations of the Borrower under this Section 9.7
shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

9.8.  Numbers of Documents.  All statements, notices, closing documents,
and requests hereunder shall be furnished to the Agent with sufficient
counterparts so that the Agent may furnish one to each of the Lenders.  The
Agent shall promptly remit same to the Lenders.

<PAGE>

9.9.   Accounting.  Except as provided to the contrary herein, all
accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted and all accounting
determinations hereunder shall be made in accordance with Agreement Accounting
Principles.

9.10.  Severability of Provisions.  Any provision in any Loan Document that
is held to be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid in any jurisdiction shall,
as to that jurisdiction, be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid without
affecting the remaining provisions in that jurisdiction or the operation,
enforceability, or validity of that provision in any other jurisdiction, and to
this end the provisions of all Loan Documents are declared to be severable.

9.11.  Nonliability of Lenders.  The relationship between the Borrower and
the Lenders and the Agent shall be solely that of borrower and lender.  Neither
the Agent nor any Lender shall have any fiduciary responsibilities to the
Borrower.  Neither the Agent nor any Lender undertakes any responsibility to the
Borrower to review or inform the Borrower of any matter in connection with any
phase of the Borrower's business or operations.  The Borrower shall rely
entirely upon its own judgment with respect to its business, and any review,
inspection or supervision of, or information supplied to the Borrower by the
Agent or the Lenders is for the protection of the Agent and the Lenders and
neither the Borrower nor any other Person is entitled to rely thereon.  The
Borrower agrees that neither the Agent nor any Lender shall have any liability
with respect to, and the Borrower hereby waives, releases and agrees not to sue
for, any punitive damages in connection with, arising out of, or in any way
related to the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby or the
relationship established by the Loan Documents, or any act, omission or event
occurring in connection therewith.

9.12.  CHOICE OF LAW.  THE LOAN DOCUMENTS (OTHER THAN THOSE CONTAINING A
CONTRARY EXPRESS CHOICE OF LAW PROVISION) SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THE INTERNAL LAWS (AND NOT THE LAW OF CONFLICTS) OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS, BUT
GIVING EFFECT TO FEDERAL LAWS APPLICABLE TO NATIONAL BANKS.

9.13.  CONSENT TO JURISDICTION.  THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO
THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR ILLINOIS STATE
COURT SITTING IN CHICAGO IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENTS AND THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS
IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN ANY SUCH
COURT AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE AS TO
THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN SUCH A COURT OR THAT
SUCH COURT IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL LIMIT THE RIGHT OF THE
AGENT OR ANY LENDER TO BRING PROCEEDINGS AGAINST THE BORROWER IN THE COURTS OF
ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING BY THE BORROWER AGAINST THE
AGENT OR ANY LENDER OR ANY AFFILIATE OF THE AGENT OR ANY LENDER INVOLVING,
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER

<PAGE>

IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH ANY LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL
BE BROUGHT ONLY IN A COURT IN CHICAGO, ILLINOIS.

9.14.  Confidentiality.  Each Lender agrees to hold any confidential
information which it may receive from the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement in
confidence and for use in connection with this Agreement, including without
limitation, for use in connection with its rights and remedies hereunder, except
for disclosure (i) to other Lenders and their respective Affiliates, (ii) to
legal counsel, accountants, and other professional advisors to, and Affiliates
of, that Lender, (iii) to regulatory officials, (iv) as requested pursuant to or
as required by law, regulation, or legal process, (v) in connection with any
legal proceeding to which that Lender is a party, and (vi) permitted by Section
12.4.

9.15.  Nonreliance.  Each Lender hereby represents that it is not relying
on or looking to any margin stock (as defined in Regulation U of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System) for the repayment of the Loans provided
for herein.

9.16.  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.  THE BORROWER, THE AGENT AND EACH LENDER
HEREBY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER (WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY
WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE
RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED THEREUNDER.

9.17.  Disclosure.  The Borrower and each Lender hereby (a) acknowledge and
agree that First Chicago and/or its Affiliates from time to time may hold other
investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships with the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, acting as
commercial paper dealer or in connection with any securitizations, interest rate
hedging instruments or agreements or swap transactions, and (b) waive any
liability of First Chicago or such Affiliate to the Borrower or any Lender,
respectively, arising out of or resulting from such investments, loans or other
relationships other than liabilities arising out of the gross negligence or
willful misconduct of First Chicago or its Affiliates.

ARTICLE X

THE AGENT

10.1.  Appointment.  The First National Bank of Chicago is hereby appointed
Agent hereunder and under each other Loan Document, and each of the Lenders
irrevocably authorizes the Agent to act as the agent of such Lender.  The Agent
agrees to act as such upon the express conditions contained in this Article X.
The Agent shall not have a fiduciary relationship in respect of the Borrower or
any Lender by reason of this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

10.2.  Powers.  The Agent shall have and may exercise such powers under the
Loan Documents as are specifically delegated to the Agent by the terms of each
thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.  The
Agent shall have no implied duties to the

<PAGE>

Lenders, or any obligation to the Lenders to take any action thereunder, except
any action specifically provided by the Loan Documents to be taken by the Agent.

10.3.  General Immunity.  Neither the Agent nor any of its directors,
officers, agents or employees shall be liable to the Borrower, the Lenders or
any Lender for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them hereunder
or under any other Loan Document or in connection herewith or therewith except
for its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct.

10.4.  No Responsibility for Loans, Recitals, etc.  Neither the Agent nor
any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall be responsible for or
have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, or verify (i) any statement, warranty
or representation made in connection with any Loan Document or any borrowing
hereunder; (ii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants or
agreements of any obligor under any Loan Document, including, without
limitation, any agreement by an obligor to furnish information directly to each
Lender; (iii) the satisfaction of any condition specified in Article IV, except
receipt of items required to be delivered to the Agent; or (iv) the validity,
enforceability, effectiveness, sufficiency or genuineness of any Loan Document
or any other instrument or writing furnished in connection therewith.  Except
for notices or reports which the Agent is expressly hereby required to provide
to the Lenders, the Agent shall have no duty to disclose to the Lenders
information that is not required to be furnished by the Borrower to the Agent at
such time, but is voluntarily furnished by the Borrower to the Agent (either in
its capacity as Agent or in its individual capacity).

10.5.  Action on Instructions of Lenders.  The Agent shall in all cases be
fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, hereunder and under any
other Loan Document in accordance with written instructions signed by the
Required Lenders, and such instructions and any action taken or failure to act
pursuant thereto shall be binding on all of the Lenders and on all holders of
Notes.  The Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any
action hereunder and under any other Loan Document unless it shall first be
indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders pro rata against any and all
liability, cost and expense that it may incur by reason of taking or continuing
to take any such action.  The Lenders hereby acknowledge that the Agent shall be
under no duty to take any discretionary action permitted to be taken by it
pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement unless it shall be requested in
writing to do so by the Required Lenders.

10.6.  Employment of Agents and Counsel.  The Agent may execute any of its
duties as Agent hereunder and under any other Loan Document by or through
employees, agents, and attorneys-in-fact and shall not be answerable to the
Lenders, except as to money or securities received by it or its authorized
agents, for the default or misconduct of any such agents or attorneys-in-fact
selected by it with reasonable care.  The Agent shall be entitled to advice of
counsel concerning all matters pertaining to the agency hereby created and its
duties hereunder and under any other Loan Document.

10.7.  Reliance on Documents; Counsel.  The Agent shall be entitled to rely
upon any Note, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telegram,
statement, paper or document believed by it to be genuine and correct and to
have been signed or sent by the proper person or

<PAGE>

persons, and, in respect to legal matters, upon the opinion of counsel selected
by the Agent, which counsel may be employees of the Agent.

10.8.   Agent's Reimbursement and Indemnification.  The Lenders agree to
reimburse and indemnify the Agent ratably in proportion to their respective
Commitments (or, if the Commitments have been terminated, in proportion to their
Commitments immediately prior to such termination) (i) for any amounts not
reimbursed by the Borrower for which the Agent is entitled to reimbursement by
the Borrower under the Loan Documents, (ii) for any other expenses not
reimbursed by the Borrower under the Loan Documents and incurred by the Agent on
behalf of the Lenders in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery,
administration and enforcement of the Loan Documents and (iii) for any
liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits,
costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind and nature whatsoever which may be
imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Agent in any way relating to or
arising out of the Loan Documents or any other document delivered in connection
therewith or the transactions contemplated thereby, or the enforcement of any of
the terms thereof or of any such other documents, provided that no Lender shall
be liable for any of the foregoing to the extent they arise from the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of the Agent. The obligations of the Lenders
under this Section 10.8 shall survive payment of the Obligations and termination
of this Agreement.

10.9.   Notice of Default.  The Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge
or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Unmatured Default hereunder unless
the Agent has received written notice from a Lender or the Borrower referring to
this Agreement describing such Default or Unmatured Default and stating that
such notice is a "notice of default".  In the event that the Agent receives such
a notice, the Agent shall give prompt notice thereof to the Lenders stating that
such notice is a "notice of default".

10.10.  Rights as a Lender.  In the event the Agent is a Lender, the Agent
shall have the same rights and powers hereunder and under any other Loan
Document as any Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the
Agent, and the term "Lender" or "Lenders" shall, at any time when the Agent is a
Lender, unless the context otherwise indicates, include the Agent in its
individual capacity. The Agent may accept deposits from, lend money to, and
generally engage in any kind of trust, debt, equity or other transaction, in
addition to those contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document,
with the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in which the Borrower or such
Subsidiary is not restricted hereby from engaging with any other Person. The
Agent, in its individual capacity, is not obligated to remain a Lender.

10.11.  Lender Credit Decision.  Each Lender acknowledges that it has,
independently and without reliance upon the Agent or any other Lender and based
on the financial statements prepared by the Borrower and such other documents
and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Each Lender
also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the
Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it
shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in
taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

<PAGE>

10.12.  Successor Agent.  The Agent may resign at any time by giving
written notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrower, such resignation to be
effective upon the appointment of a successor Agent or, if no successor Agent
has been appointed, forty-five days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its
intention to resign. The Agent may be removed at any time with or without cause
by written notice received by the Agent from the Required Lenders, such removal
to be effective on the date specified by the Required Lenders. Upon any such
resignation or removal, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint, on
behalf of the Borrower and the Lenders, a successor Agent. If no successor Agent
shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders within thirty days after
the resigning Agent's giving notice of its intent to resign, then the resigning
Agent may appoint, on behalf of the Borrower and the Lenders, a successor Agent.
If the Agent has resigned or been removed and no successor Agent has been
appointed, the Lenders may perform all the duties of the Agent hereunder and the
Borrower shall make all payments in respect of the Obligations to the applicable
Lenders and for all other purposes shall deal directly with the Lenders. No
successor Agent shall be deemed to be appointed hereunder until such successor
Agent has accepted the appointment. Any such successor Agent shall be a Lender
or another commercial bank having capital and retained earnings of at least
$200,000,000. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Agent hereunder by a
successor Agent, such successor Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become
vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the resigning or
removed Agent, and the resigning or removed Agent shall be discharged from its
duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. After the
effectiveness of the resignation or removal of an Agent, the provisions of this
Article X shall continue in effect for the benefit of such Agent in respect of
any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was acting as the Agent
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents.

10.13.  Agent's Fee.  The Borrower agrees to pay to the Agent, for its own
account, the fees agreed to by the Borrower and the Agent pursuant to that
certain letter agreement dated October 2, 1997, or as otherwise agreed from time
to time.

ARTICLE XI

SETOFF; RATABLE PAYMENTS

11.1.   Setoff.  In addition to, and without limitation of, any rights of
the Lenders under applicable law, if the Borrower becomes insolvent, however
evidenced, or any Default or Unmatured Default occurs, any and all deposits
(including all account balances, whether provisional or final and whether or not
collected or available) and any other Indebtedness at any time held or owing by
any Lender to or for the credit or account of the Borrower may be offset and
applied toward the payment of the Obligations owing to such Lender, whether or
not the Obligations, or any part hereof, shall then be due.

11.2.   Ratable Payments.  Except for payments received from the Agent
pursuant to Section 2.10, if any Lender, whether by setoff or otherwise, has
payment made to it upon its Loans (other than payments received pursuant to
Sections 3.1, 3.2 or 3.4) in a proportion greater than that received by any
other Lender, such Lender agrees, promptly upon demand, to purchase

<PAGE>

a portion of the Loans held by the other Lenders so that after such purchase
each Lender will hold its ratable proportion of Loans. If any Lender, whether in
connection with setoff or amounts which might be subject to setoff or otherwise,
receives collateral or other protection for its Obligations or such amounts
which may be subject to setoff, such Lender agrees, promptly upon demand, to
take such action necessary such that all Lenders share in the benefits of such
collateral ratably in proportion to their Loans. In case any such payment is
disturbed by legal process, or otherwise, appropriate further adjustments shall
be made.

ARTICLE XII

BENEFIT OF AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS

12.1.  Successors and Assigns.  The terms and provisions of the Loan
Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower and the
Lenders and their respective successors and assigns, except that (i) the
Borrower shall not have the right to assign its rights or obligations under the
Loan Documents and (ii) any assignment by any Lender must be made in compliance
with Section 12.3.  Notwithstanding clause (ii) of the immediately preceding
sentence, any Lender may at any time, without the consent of the Borrower or the
Agent, assign all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement and its
Notes to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided, however, that no such assignment to a
Federal Reserve Bank shall release the transferor Lender from its obligations
hereunder.  The Agent may treat the payee of any Note as the owner thereof for
all purposes hereof unless and until such payee complies with Section 12.3 in
the case of an assignment thereof or, in the case of any other transfer, a
written notice of the transfer is filed with the Agent.  Any assignee or
transferee of a Note agrees by acceptance thereof to be bound by all the terms
and provisions of the Loan Documents.  Any request, authority or consent of any
Person, who at the time of making such request or giving such authority or
consent is the holder of any Note, shall be conclusive and binding on any
subsequent holder, transferee or assignee of such Note or of any Note or Notes
issued in exchange therefor.

12.2.  Participations.

12.2.1.  Permitted Participants; Effect.  Any Lender may, in the
ordinary course of its business and in accordance with applicable law, at any
time sell to one or more banks or other entities ("Participants") participating
interests in any Loan owing to such Lender, any Note held by such Lender, any
Commitment of such Lender or any other interest of such Lender under the Loan
Documents.  In the event of any such sale by a Lender of participating interests
to a Participant, such Lender's obligations under the Loan Documents shall
remain unchanged, such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other
parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, such Lender shall remain
the holder of any such Note for all purposes under the Loan Documents, all
amounts payable by the Borrower under this Agreement shall be determined as if
such Lender had not sold such participating interests, and the Borrower and the
Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection
with such Lender's rights and obligations under the Loan Documents.

<PAGE>

12.2.2. Voting Rights.  Each Lender shall retain the sole right to
approve, without the consent of any Participant, any amendment, modification or
waiver of any provision of the Loan Documents other than any amendment,
modification or waiver with respect to any Loan or Commitment in which such
Participant has an interest which forgives principal, interest or fees or
reduces the interest rate or fees payable with respect to any such Loan or
Commitment, postpones any date fixed for any regularly-scheduled payment of
principal of, or interest or fees on, any such Loan or Commitment, or extends
the Termination Date.

12.2.3. Benefit of Setoff.  The Borrower agrees that each Participant
shall be deemed to have the right of setoff provided in Section 11.1 in respect
of its participating interest in amounts owing under the Loan Documents to the
same extent as if the amount of its participating interest were owing directly
to it as a Lender under the Loan Documents, provided that each Lender shall
retain the right of setoff provided in Section 11.1 with respect to the amount
of participating interests sold to each Participant. Each Participant, by
exercising the right of setoff provided in Section 11.1, agrees to share with
each Lender, any amount received pursuant to the exercise of its right of
setoff, such amounts to be shared in accordance with Section 11.2 as if each
Participant were a Lender.

12.3. Assignments.

12.3.1. Permitted Assignments.  Any Lender may, in the ordinary
course of its business and in accordance with applicable law, at any time assign
to one or more banks or other entities ("Purchasers") all or any part of its
rights and obligations under the Loan Documents; provided, however, that in the
case of an assignment to an entity which is not a Lender or an Affiliate of a
Lender, such assignment shall be in a minimum amount of $5,000,000 or, if less,
the entire amount of its Commitment and Loans.  Such assignment shall be
substantially in the form of Exhibit "H" hereto or in such other form as may be
agreed to by the parties thereto.  The consent of the Borrower and the Agent
shall be required prior to an assignment becoming effective with respect to a
Purchaser which is not a Lender or an Affiliate thereof; provided, however, that
the consent of the Borrower shall not be required if, on the date of such
assignment, a Default shall have occurred and be continuing.  Such consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

12.3.2. Effect; Effective Date.  Upon (i) delivery to the Agent of a
notice of assignment, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit "I" to
Exhibit "H" hereto (a "Notice of Assignment"), together with any consents
required by Section 12.3.1, and (ii) payment of a $3,500 fee to the Agent for
processing such assignment, such assignment shall become effective on the
effective date specified in such Notice of Assignment.  On and after the
effective date of such assignment, such Purchaser shall for all purposes be a
Lender party to this Agreement and any other Loan Document executed by the
Lenders and shall have all the rights and obligations of a Lender under the Loan
Documents, to the same extent as if it were an original party hereto, and no
further consent or action by the Borrower, the Lenders or the Agent shall be
required to release the transferor Lender with respect to the percentage of the
Aggregate Commitment and Loans assigned to such Purchaser.  Upon the
consummation of any assignment to a Purchaser pursuant to this Section 12.3.2,
the transferor Lender, the Agent and the Borrower shall make

<PAGE>

appropriate arrangements so that a replacement Note is issued to such transferor
Lender and a new Note or, as appropriate, replacement Note, is issued to such
Purchaser, in each case in principal amounts reflecting their respective
Commitments, as adjusted pursuant to such assignment.

12.4.  Dissemination of Information.  The Borrower authorizes each Lender
to disclose to any Participant or Purchaser or any other Person acquiring an
interest in the Loan Documents by operation of law (each a "Transferee") and any
prospective Transferee any and all information in such Lender's possession
concerning the creditworthiness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; provided
that each Transferee and prospective Transferee agrees to be bound by Section
9.14 of this Agreement.

12.5.  Tax Treatment.  If any interest in any Loan Document is transferred
to any Transferee which is organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other
than the United States or any State thereof, the transferor Lender shall cause
such Transferee, concurrently with the effectiveness of such transfer, to comply
with the provisions of Section 2.16.

ARTICLE XIII

NOTICES

13.1.  Giving Notice.  Except as otherwise permitted by Section 2.11 with
respect to borrowing notices, all notices and other communications provided to
any party hereto under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be in
writing and shall be delivered or mailed (or in the case of telegraphic
communication, delivered by telecopy or telex) addressed to (i) the Borrower at
its address set forth below its signature hereto or (ii) the Agent or any Lender
at its address set forth on Schedule "1" hereto or at such other address as may
be designated by any such party in a notice to the other parties.  Any notice,
if personally delivered or mailed (properly addressed with postage prepaid),
shall be deemed given when received; any notice, if transmitted by telecopy or
telex, shall be deemed given when transmitted (receipt confirmed by telephone in
the case of telecopies and answerback confirmed in the case of telexes).

13.2.  Change of Address.  The Borrower, the Agent and any Lender may each
change the address for service of notice upon it by a notice in writing to the
other parties hereto.

ARTICLE XIV

COUNTERPARTS

This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which
taken together shall constitute one agreement, and any of the parties hereto may
execute this Agreement by signing any such counterpart.  This Agreement shall be
effective when it has been executed by the Borrower, the Agent and the Lenders
and each party has delivered such counterpart to the Agent.

<PAGE>

[signature pages to follow]

<PAGE>

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower, the Lenders and the Agent have executed
this Agreement as of the date first above written.

TORCHMARK CORPORATION

By:________________________________________________________________________

Print Name:________________________________________________________________

Title:_____________________________________________________________________

2001 Third Avenue South
Birmingham, Alabama 35233

Attention:  Mr. Michael J. Klyce,
Vice President & Treasurer
Telephone  No.: (205) 325-2051
Telecopier No.: (205) 325-4157


THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF CHICAGO,
Individually and as Agent


By:________________________________________________________________________

Print Name:________________________________________________________________

Title:_____________________________________________________________________

AMSOUTH BANK OF ALABAMA


By:___________

Print Name:___

Title:________

BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST AND
SAVINGS ASSOCIATION


By:___________

<PAGE>

Print Name:________

Title:_____________

BANK OF MONTREAL


By:________________

Print Name:________

Title:_____________


THE BANK OF NEW YORK


By:________________

Print Name:________

Title:_____________

THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK


By:________________

Print Name:________

Title:_____________

REGIONS BANK                 Print Name:_________

Title:______________

By:________________



FLEET NATIONAL BANK


By:_________________

Print Name:_________

Title:______________


<PAGE>

SOUTHTRUST BANK OF ALABAMA


By:_________________

Print Name:_________

Title:______________

COMPASS BANK


By:_________________

Print Name:_________

Title:______________

NATIONSBANK OF TEXAS, N.A.


By:_________________

Print Name:_________

Title:______________

DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH AND/OR CAYMAN
ISLANDS BRANCH

By:_________________

Print Name:_________

Title:______________

By:_________________

Print Name:_________

Title:______________

<PAGE>

DRESDNER BANK AG,
NEW YORK BRANCH AND
GRAND CAYMAN BRANCH

By:________________

Print Name:________

Title:_____________

By:________________

Print Name:________

Title:_____________

MELLON BANK, N.A.


By:________________

Print Name:________

Title:_____________

UMB BANK, N.A.                Print Name:________

Title:_____________

By:________________

<PAGE>

EXHIBIT "A"

NOTE
(RATABLE LOAN)

$_______________                                               ___________, 19__

Torchmark Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Borrower"),
promises to pay to the order of ______________________________________ (the
"Lender") the lesser of the principal sum of __________________________ Dollars
or the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Loans made by the Lender to the
Borrower pursuant to Sections 2.1.1(i) and 2.2 of the Agreement (as hereinafter
defined), in immediately available funds at the main office of The First
National Bank of Chicago in Chicago, Illinois, as Agent, together with interest
on the unpaid principal amount hereof at the rates and on the dates set forth in
the Agreement. The Borrower shall pay the principal of and accrued and unpaid
interest on the Ratable Loans evidenced hereby in full on the Termination Date.

The Lender shall, and is hereby authorized to, record on the schedule
attached hereto, or to otherwise record in accordance with its usual practice,
the date, amount, applicable interest rate or margin and Interest Period, if
applicable, of each Ratable Loan and the date and amount of each principal
payment hereunder; provided, however, that neither the failure to so record nor
any error in this recordation shall affect the Borrower's obligations under this
Note.

This Note (Ratable Loan) is one of the Notes issued pursuant to, and
is entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement dated as of October 22,
1997 (as the same may be amended or modified and in effect from time to time,
the "Agreement") among the Borrower, the lenders named therein, including the
Lender, and The First National Bank of Chicago, as Agent, to which Agreement
reference is hereby made for a statement of the terms and conditions governing
this Note, including the terms and conditions under which this Note may be
prepaid or its maturity date accelerated.  Capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined herein are used with the meanings attributed to them in the
Agreement.

TORCHMARK CORPORATION

By:__________________________

Title:_______________________

<PAGE>

SCHEDULE OF LOANS AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL
TO
NOTE (RATABLE LOAN) OF TORCHMARK CORPORATION,
DATED ______________, 19__

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>       <C>               <C>                  <C>                     <C>                   <C>
Principal           Maturity           Interest Rate            Principal             Unpaid
Amount of         of Interest           (or Margin)            Amount Paid           Balance
Date         Loan               Period        ----------------------  -------------------  ------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

EXHIBIT "B"

NOTE
(COMPETITIVE BID LOAN)

____________, 19__

Torchmark Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Borrower"),
promises to pay to the order of ______________________________________ (the
"Lender") the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Loans made by the Lender
to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.3 of the Agreement (as hereinafter
defined), in immediately available funds at the main office of The First
National Bank of Chicago in Chicago, Illinois, as Agent, together with interest
on the unpaid principal amount hereof at the rates and on the dates determined
pursuant to Section 2.3 of the Agreement. The Borrower shall pay the principal
of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Competitive Bid Loans evidenced hereby
in full on the maturity date thereof.

The Lender shall, and is hereby authorized to, record on the schedule
attached hereto, or to otherwise record in accordance with its usual practice,
the date, amount, applicable interest rate or margin and Interest Period of each
Competitive Bid Loan and the date and amount of each principal payment
hereunder; provided, however, that neither the failure to so record nor any
error in this recordation shall affect the Borrower's obligations under this
Note.

This Note (Competitive Bid Loan) is one of the Notes issued pursuant
to, and is entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement dated as of October
22, 1997 (as the same may be amended or modified and in effect from time to
time, the "Agreement") among the Borrower, the lenders named therein, including
the Lender, and The First National Bank of Chicago, as Agent, to which Agreement
reference is hereby made for a statement of the terms and conditions governing
this Note, including the terms and conditions under which this Note may be
prepaid or its maturity date accelerated.  Capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined herein are used with the meanings attributed to them in the
Agreement.

TORCHMARK CORPORATION

By:_______________________

Title:____________________

<PAGE>

SCHEDULE OF LOANS AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL
TO
NOTE (COMPETITIVE BID LOAN) OF TORCHMARK CORPORATION,
DATED _____________, 19__

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>             <C>                <C>                <C>                     <C>                <C>
Principal            Maturity         Interest Rate (or       Principal
Date         Amount of          of Interest             Margin)             Amount            Unpaid
- -----------        Loan               Period         -------------------        Paid             Balance
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

EXHIBIT "C"

COMPETITIVE BID QUOTE REQUEST
(Section 2.3.2)
________________, 19__

To:      The First National Bank of Chicago,
as agent (the "Agent")

From:    Torchmark Corporation ("Borrower")

Re:      Credit Agreement dated as of October 22, 1997 among the Borrower,
The First National Bank of Chicago, individually and as Agent, and the
Lenders party thereto (the "Agreement")

We hereby give notice pursuant to Section 2.3.2 of the Agreement that we
request Competitive Bid Quotes for the following proposed Competitive Bid
Advance(s):

Borrowing Date:  ____________, 19

Principal Amount: $       [1]

Interest Period:     [2]

Such Competitive Bid Quotes should offer a [Competitive Bid Margin]
[Absolute Rate].

Upon acceptance by the undersigned of any or all of the Competitive Bid
Advances offered by Lenders in response to this request, the undersigned shall
be deemed to affirm as of such date the representations and warranties made in
the Agreement to the extent specified in Section 4.2(ii) thereof.  Capitalized
terms used herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreement.

TORCHMARK CORPORATION

By:_____________________________

Title:

1    Amount must be at least $10,000,000 and an integral multiple of $1,000,000.

2    One, two, three or six months (Eurodollar Auction) or at least 30 and up to
180 days (Absolute Rate Auction), subject to the provisions of the
definitions of Eurodollar Interest Period and Absolute Rate Interest
Period.

<PAGE>

EXHIBIT "D"

INVITATION FOR COMPETITIVE BID QUOTES
(Section 2.3.3)

___________________, 19_____

To:       [Name of Lender]

Re:       Invitation for Competitive Bid Quotes to
Torchmark Corporation (the "Borrower")

Pursuant to Section 2.3.3 of the Credit Agreement dated as of October 22,
1997 (the "Agreement") among the Borrower, the Lenders parties thereto and the
undersigned, as Agent, we are pleased on behalf of the Borrower to invite you to
submit Competitive Bid Quotes to the Borrower for the following proposed
Competitive Bid Advance(s):

Borrowing Date:  ____________, 19

Principal Amount: $________

Interest Period: _______

Such Competitive Bid Quotes should offer a [Competitive Bid Margin]
[Absolute Rate].  Your Competitive Bid Quote must comply with Section 2.3.4 of
the Agreement and the foregoing terms in which the Competitive Bid Quote Request
was made.  Capitalized terms used herein have the meanings assigned to them in
the Agreement.

Please respond to this invitation by no later than 9:00 a.m. Chicago time
on ____________, 19__.

THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF
CHICAGO, as Agent

By:__________________________________
Authorized Officer

<PAGE>

EXHIBIT "E"
COMPETITIVE BID QUOTE
(Section 2.3.4)

________________, 19___

To:  The First National Bank of Chicago, as Agent
Attn:   Lilian Arroyo
Financial Services Department
Fax No.: (312) 732-4033

Re:  Competitive Bid Quote to Torchmark Corporation (the "Borrower")

In response to your invitation on behalf of the Borrower dated
________________, 19__, we hereby make the following Competitive Bid Quote
pursuant to Section 2.3.4 of the Credit Agreement hereinafter referred to and on
the following terms:

1.  Quoting Lender: ________________

2.  Person to contact at Quoting Lender: ________

3.  Borrowing Date: _____________, 19_1

4.  We hereby offer to make Competitive Bid Loan(s) in the following
principal amounts, for the following Interest Periods and at the
following rates:

Principal    Interest  [Competitive  [Absolute  Minimum
Amount2      Period3   Bid Margin4]   Rate5]    Amount6
$

_________________
1   As specified in the related Invitation.
2   Principal amount bid for each Interest Period may not exceed principal
amount requested.  Bids must be made for $10,000,000 and an integral
multiple of $1,000,000.
3   One, two, three or six months or at least 30 and up to 180 days, as
specified in the related Invitation.
4   Competitive Bid Margin over or under the Eurodollar Base Rate determined for
the applicable Interest Period.  Specify percentage (rounded to the nearest
1/100 of 1%) and specify whether "PLUS" or "MINUS".
5   Specify rate of interest per annum (rounded to the nearest 1/100 of 1%).
6   Specify minimum amount which the Borrower may accept (see Section
2.3.4(ii)(d)).

<PAGE>

We understand and agree that the offer(s) set forth above, subject to the
satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement
dated as of October 22, 1997 among the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto and
yourselves, as Agent, irrevocably obligates us to make the Competitive Bid
Loan(s) for which any offer(s) are accepted, in whole or in part.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF LENDER]

Dated: ____________, 19__                    By: __________________________
Authorized Officer

<PAGE>

EXHIBIT "F"

OPINION OF BORROWER'S COUNSEL

October 22, 1997

The Agent and the Lenders who are parties to the
Credit Agreement described below.

Gentlemen/Ladies:

I am Vice President and General Counsel of Torchmark Corporation (the
"Borrower") and have represented the Borrower in connection with its execution
and delivery of that certain Credit Agreement dated as of October 22, 1997 (the
"Agreement") among the Borrower, the Lenders named therein and The First
National Bank of Chicago, as Agent for the Lenders, which provides for Advances
in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding $600,000,000 at any one time
outstanding.  All capitalized terms used in this opinion and not otherwise
defined shall have the meanings attributed to them in the Agreement.

I have examined the Borrower's restated certificate of incorporation,
by-laws, resolutions, the Loan Documents and such other matters of fact and law
which I deem necessary in order to render this opinion.  Based upon the
foregoing, it is my opinion that:

1.  The Borrower and each Significant Subsidiary are corporations duly
incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of their
states of incorporation and have all requisite authority to conduct their
business in each jurisdiction in which their business is conducted.

2.  The execution and delivery of the Loan Documents by the Borrower
and the performance by the Borrower of the Obligations have been duly authorized
by all necessary corporate action and proceedings on the part of the Borrower
and will not:

(a) require any consent of the Borrower's shareholders;

(b) violate any law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment,
injunction, decree or award binding on the Borrower or any of its
Significant Subsidiaries or the Borrower's or any Significant Subsidiary's
articles of incorporation or by-laws or any indenture, instrument or
agreement binding upon the Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries;
or

(c) result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien
pursuant to the provisions of any indenture, instrument or agreement
binding upon the Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries.

<PAGE>

3.  The Loan Documents have been duly executed and delivered by the
Borrower and constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower
enforceable in accordance with their terms except to the extent the enforcement
thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the
enforcement of creditors' rights generally and subject also to the availability
of equitable remedies if equitable remedies are sought.

4.  To my knowledge after due inquiry, there is no litigation or
proceeding pending or threatened against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
which may reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (after giving
effect to reserves which have been provided with respect thereto on the books of
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries) except as has been previously disclosed in
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The foregoing opinion is
subject to the inherent unpredictability of punitive damage awards, particularly
in the State of Alabama.

5.  No approval, authorization, consent, adjudication or order of any
governmental authority, which has not been obtained by the Borrower or any of
its Significant Subsidiaries, is required to be obtained by the Borrower or any
of its Significant Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery of
the Loan Documents, the borrowings under the Agreement or in connection with the
payment by the Borrower of the Obligations.

I am licensed to practice law only in the State of Iowa, and,
accordingly, I offer no opinion as to the application of decisions or statutory
law (including conflict of law rules) of any jurisdiction other than the States
of Iowa and Delaware and the United States of America.  I have assumed for
purposes of this opinion that the laws of the State of Illinois are the same as
the laws of the State of Iowa in all pertinent respects.

This opinion may be relied upon by the Agent, the Lenders and their
participants, assignees and other transferees.

Very truly yours,


Larry M. Hutchison
Vice President and General Counsel

<PAGE>

EXHIBIT "G"

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

To:  The Lenders parties to the
Credit Agreement Described Below

This Compliance Certificate is furnished pursuant to that certain
Credit Agreement dated as of October 22, 1997 (as amended, modified, renewed or
extended from time to time, the "Agreement") among the Borrower, the lenders
party thereto and The First National Bank of Chicago, as Agent for the Lenders.
Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Compliance
Certificate have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement.

THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT:

1.  I am the duly elected _____________________ of the Borrower;

2.  I have reviewed the terms of the Agreement and I have made, or
have caused to be made under my supervision, a detailed review of the
transactions and conditions of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during the
accounting period covered by the attached financial statements;

3.  The examinations described in paragraph 2 did not disclose, and I
have no knowledge of, the existence of any condition or event which constitutes
a Default or Unmatured Default during or at the end of the accounting period
covered by the attached financial statements or as of the date of this
Certificate, except as set forth below; and

4.  Schedule I attached hereto sets forth financial data and
computations evidencing the Borrower's compliance with certain covenants of the
Agreement, all of which data and computations are true, complete and correct.

Described below are the exceptions, if any, to paragraph 3 by listing,
in detail, the nature of the condition or event, the period during which it has
existed and the action which the Borrower has taken, is taking, or proposes to
take with respect to each such condition or event:

<PAGE>

_______________________________________________________

_______________________________________________________

_______________________________________________________

_______________________________________________________

The foregoing certifications, together with the computations set forth
in Schedule I hereto and the financial statements delivered with this
Certificate in support hereof, are made and delivered this ____ day of
____________, 19___.

<PAGE>

SCHEDULE I TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Schedule of Compliance as of ______________, 19__ with
Provisions of 6.15, 6.16 and 6.17 of
the Agreement

1.   Section 6.15 - Consolidated Net Worth

A.   Consolidated Net Worth (consolidated
shareholders' equity excluding the
effect of the application of FAS 115)                  $__

B.   $1,575,000,000

C.   Positive Consolidated Net Income for
each fiscal quarter ending after June 30, 1997 X .25   $__

D.   B plus C                                               $__

E.   A minus D (must be greater than
or equal to 0)                                         $__

Complies _____________  Does Not Comply_____

2.   Section 6.16 - Ratio of Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Consolidated
Total Capitalization

A.   Consolidated Total Indebtedness         $__

B.   Consolidated Capitalization


(i)   Consolidated Net
Worth (1A)                      $__

(ii)  Consolidated Total Indebtedness
(2A(v))                         $__

(iii) Sum of (i) and (ii)               $__

C.    Ratio of A to B                     ___:1.0

D.    Permitted Ratio        Less than 0.5 to 1.0

Complies_______     Does Not Comply______

<PAGE>

3.   Section 6.17 - Ratio of Consolidated Adjusted Net Income to Consolidated
Interest Expense

A.   Consolidated Adjusted Net Income (for four fiscal
quarters ended __________________, 19__)

(i)      Consolidated Net Income        $__

(ii)     Taxes                          $__

(iii)    Consolidated Interest Expense  $__

(iv)     Sum of (i), (ii) and (iii)     $__

B.   Consolidated Interest Expense
(3A(iii))                          $__

C.   Ratio of A to B                 _____to 1.0

D.   Permitted Ratio    Greater than 2.50 to 1.0

Complies______ Does Not Comply______

<PAGE>

EXHIBIT "H"

ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

This Assignment Agreement (this "Assignment Agreement") between___________
(the "Assignor") and (the "Assignee") is dated as of _____________, 19__. The
parties hereto agree as follows:

1.  PRELIMINARY STATEMENT. The Assignor is a party to a Credit Agreement
(which, as it may be amended, modified, renewed or extended from time to time is
herein called the "Credit Agreement") described in Item 1 of Schedule 1 attached
hereto ("Schedule 1").  Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meanings attributed to them in the Credit Agreement.

2.  ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION. The Assignor hereby sells and assigns to the
Assignee, and the Assignee hereby purchases and assumes from the Assignor, an
interest in and to the Assignor's rights and obligations under the Credit
Agreement such that after giving effect to such assignment the Assignee shall
have the percentage interest specified in Item 3 of Schedule 1 of all
outstanding rights and obligations under the Credit Agreement relating to the
facilities listed in Item 3 of Schedule 1 and the other Loan Documents. The
aggregate Commitment (or Loans, if the applicable Commitment has been
terminated) purchased by the Assignee hereunder is set forth in Item 4 of
Schedule 1.

3.  EFFECTIVE DATE. The effective date of this Assignment Agreement (the
"Effective Date") shall be the later of the date specified in Item 5 of Schedule
1 or two Business Days (or such shorter period agreed to by the Agent) after a
Notice of Assignment substantially in the form of Exhibit "I" attached hereto
has been delivered to the Agent.  Such Notice of Assignment must include any
consents required to be delivered to the Agent by Section 12.3.1 of the Credit
Agreement.  In no event will the Effective Date occur if the payments required
to be made by the Assignee to the Assignor on the Effective Date under Sections
4 and 5 hereof are not made on the proposed Effective Date.  The Assignor will
notify the Assignee of the proposed Effective Date no later than the Business
Day prior to the proposed Effective Date.  As of the Effective Date, (i) the
Assignee shall have the rights and obligations of a Lender under the Loan
Documents with respect to the rights and obligations assigned to the Assignee
hereunder and (ii) the Assignor shall relinquish its rights and be released from
its corresponding obligations under the Loan Documents with respect to the
rights and obligations assigned to the Assignee hereunder.

4.  PAYMENTS OBLIGATIONS. On and after the Effective Date, the Assignee
shall be entitled to receive from the Agent all payments of principal, interest
and fees with respect to the interest assigned hereby.  The Assignee shall
advance funds directly to the Agent with respect to all Loans and reimbursement
payments made on or after the Effective Date with respect to the interest
assigned hereby.  [In consideration for the sale and assignment of Loans
hereunder, (i) the Assignee shall pay the Assignor, on the Effective Date, an
amount equal to the principal amount of the portion of all Floating Rate Loans
assigned to the Assignee hereunder

<PAGE>

and (ii) with respect to each Eurodollar Loan or Absolute Rate Loan made by the
Assignor and assigned to the Assignee hereunder which is outstanding on the
Effective Date, (a) on the last day of the Interest Period therefor or (b) on
such earlier date agreed to by the Assignor and the Assignee or (c) on the date
on which any such Loan either becomes due (by acceleration or otherwise) or is
prepaid (the date as described in the foregoing clauses (a), (b) or (c) being
hereinafter referred to as the "Payment Date"), the Assignee shall pay the
Assignor an amount equal to the principal amount of the portion of such
Eurodollar Loan or Absolute Rate Loan assigned to the Assignee which is
outstanding on the Payment Date. If the Assignor and the Assignee agree that the
Payment Date for such Eurodollar Loan or Absolute Rate Loan shall be the
Effective Date, they shall agree to the interest rate applicable to the portion
of such Loan assigned hereunder for the period from the Effective Date to the
end of the existing Interest Period applicable to such Loan (the "Agreed
Interest Rate") and any interest received by the Assignee in excess of the
Agreed Interest Rate shall be remitted to the Assignor. In the event interest
for the period from the Effective Date to but not including the Payment Date is
not paid by the Borrower with respect to any Eurodollar Loan or Absolute Rate
Loan sold by the Assignor to the Assignee hereunder, the Assignee shall pay to
the Assignor interest for such period on the portion of such Eurodollar Loan or
Absolute Rate Loan sold by the Assignor to the Assignee hereunder at the
applicable rate provided by the Credit Agreement. In the event a prepayment of
any Eurodollar Loan or Absolute Rate Loan which is existing on the Payment Date
and assigned by the Assignor to the Assignee hereunder occurs after the Payment
Date but before the end of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, the
Assignee shall remit to the Assignor the excess of the prepayment penalty paid
with respect to the portion of such Eurodollar Loan or Absolute Rate Loan
assigned to the Assignee hereunder over the amount which would have been paid if
such prepayment penalty was calculated based on the Agreed Interest Rate. The
Assignee will also promptly remit to the Assignor (i) any principal payments
received from the Agent with respect to Eurodollar Loans and Absolute Rate Loans
prior to the Payment Date and (ii) any amounts of interest on Loans and fees
received from the Agent which relate to the portion of the Loans assigned to the
Assignee hereunder for periods prior to the Effective Date, in the case of
Floating Rate Loans, or the Payment Date, in the case of Eurodollar Loans and
Absolute Rate Loans, and not previously paid by the Assignee to the Assignor.]*
In the event that either party hereto receives any payment to which the other
party hereto is entitled under this Assignment Agreement, then the party
receiving such amount shall promptly remit it to the other party hereto.

5.  FEES PAYABLE BY THE ASSIGNEE. [The Assignee shall pay to the Assignor a
fee on each day on which a payment of interest or facility fees is made under
the Credit Agreement with respect to the amounts assigned to the Assignee
hereunder (other than a payment of interest or facility fees for the period
prior to the Effective Date or, in the case of Eurodollar Loans and Absolute
Rate Loans, the Payment Date, which the Assignee is obligated to deliver to the
Assignor pursuant to Section 4 hereof).  The amount of such fee shall be the
difference between (i) the interest or fee, as applicable, paid with respect to
the amounts assigned to the Assignee hereunder and (ii) the interest or fee, as
applicable, which would have been paid

_______________

*Each Assignor may insert its standard payment provisions in lieu of the payment
terms included in this Exhibit.

<PAGE>

with respect to the amounts assigned to the Assignee hereunder if each interest
rate was ___ of 1% less than the interest rate paid by the Borrower or if the
facility fee was ___ of 1% less than the facility fee paid by the Borrower, as
applicable. In addition, the Assignee agrees to pay ___% of the recordation fee
required to be paid to the Agent in connection with this Assignment Agreement.]*

6.  REPRESENTATIONS OF THE ASSIGNOR; LIMITATIONS ON THE ASSIGNOR'S
LIABILITY. The Assignor represents and warrants that it is the legal and
beneficial owner of the interest being assigned by it hereunder and that such
interest is free and clear of any adverse claim.  It is understood and agreed
that the assignment and assumption hereunder are made without recourse to the
Assignor and that the Assignor makes no other representation or warranty of any
kind to the Assignee.  Neither the Assignor nor any of its officers, directors,
employees, agents or attorneys shall be responsible for (i) the due execution,
legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or collectability
of the Obligations or the enforcement of any Loan Document, including without
limitation, documents granting the Assignor and the other Lenders a security
interest in assets of the Borrower or any guarantor, (ii) any representation,
warranty or statement made in or in connection with any of the Loan Documents,
(iii) the financial condition or creditworthiness of the Borrower or any
guarantor, (iv) the performance of or compliance with any of the terms or
provisions of any of the Loan Documents, (v) inspecting any of the Property,
books or records of the Borrower, (vi) the validity, enforceability, perfection,
priority, condition, value or sufficiency of any collateral securing or
purporting to secure the Loans or (vii) any mistake, error of judgment, or
action taken or omitted to be taken in connection with the Loans or the Loan
Documents.

7.  REPRESENTATIONS OF THE ASSIGNEE. The Assignee (i) confirms that it has
received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the financial
statements requested by the Assignee and such other documents and information as
it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter
into this Assignment Agreement, (ii) agrees that it will, independently and
without reliance upon the Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender and based on
such documents and information at it shall deem appropriate at the time,
continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under
the Loan Documents, (iii) appoints and authorizes the Agent to take such action
as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Loan Documents as
are delegated to the Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as
are reasonably incidental thereto, (iv) agrees that it will perform in
accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the
Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender, (v) agrees that
its payment instructions and notice instructions are as set forth in the
attachment to Schedule 1, [and (vi) attaches the forms prescribed by the
Internal Revenue Service of the United States certifying that the Assignee is
entitled to receive payments under the Loan Documents without deduction or
withholding of any United States federal income taxes].**

_______________________

**to be inserted if the Assignee is not incorporated under the laws of the
United States, or a state thereof.

<PAGE>

8.   INDEMNITY. The Assignee agrees to indemnify and hold the Assignor
harmless against any and all damages, losses, costs and expenses (including,
without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees) and liabilities incurred by the
Assignor in connection with or arising in any manner from the Assignee's non-
performance of the obligations assumed under this Assignment Agreement.

9.   SUBSEQUENT ASSIGNMENTS. After the Effective Date, the Assignee shall
have the right pursuant to Section 12.3.1 of the Credit Agreement to assign the
rights which are assigned to the Assignee hereunder to any entity or Person,
provided that (i) any such subsequent assignment does not violate any of the
terms and conditions of the Loan Documents or any law, rule, regulation, order,
writ, judgment, injunction or decree and that any consent required under the
terms of the Loan Documents has been obtained and (ii) unless the prior written
consent of the Assignor is obtained, the Assignee is not thereby released from
its obligations to the Assignor hereunder, if any remain unsatisfied, including,
without limitation, its obligations under Sections 4, 5 and 8 hereof.

10.  REDUCTIONS OF AGGREGATE COMMITMENT. If any reduction in the Aggregate
Commitment occurs between the date of this Assignment Agreement and the
Effective Date, the percentage interest specified in Item 3 of Schedule 1 shall
remain the same, but the dollar amount purchased shall be recalculated based on
the reduced Aggregate Commitment.

11.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Assignment Agreement and the attached Notice of
Assignment embody the entire agreement and understanding between the parties
hereto and supersede all prior agreements and understandings between the parties
hereto relating to the subject matter hereof.

12.  GOVERNING LAW. This Assignment Agreement shall be governed by the
internal law, and not the law of conflicts, of the State of Illinois.

13.  NOTICES.  Notices shall be given under this Assignment Agreement in
the manner set forth in the Credit Agreement.  For the purpose hereof, the
addresses of the parties hereto (until notice of a change is delivered) shall be
the address set forth in the attachment to Schedule 1.

<PAGE>

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Assignment
Agreement by their duly authorized officers as of the date first above written.

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]

By:_______________________

Title:____________________

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By:_______________________

Title:____________________

<PAGE>

SCHEDULE 1
to Assignment Agreement

1.   Description and Date of Credit Agreement:  Credit Agreement dated as of
October 22, 1997 among Torchmark Corporation, The First National Bank of
Chicago, individually and as agent, and the lenders party thereto, as from time
to time amended.

2.   Date of Assignment Agreement:  _____________, 19

3.   Amounts (As of Date of Item 2 above):

Ratable             Competitive
Loan Facility       Bid Loan Facility
a. Total of
Commitments (Loans)*
under Credit
Agreement                  $_______            $_______

b. Assignee's
Percentage
of each Facility
purchased under
the Assignment
Agreement**                ______%             ______%

c. Amount of
Assigned Share
in each Facility
purchased under
the Assignment
Agreement                  $_______            $_______


4.   Assignee's Aggregate
(Loan Amount)* Commitment
Amount Purchased Hereunder:      $_______

5.   Proposed Effective Date:                          _________

Accepted and Agreed:

____________________

*   If a Commitment has been terminated, insert outstanding Loans in place of
Commitment.

**  Percentage taken to 10 decimal places.

<PAGE>

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]                                 [NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By:_________________________________________________________________________

Title:______________________________________________________________________

<PAGE>

Attachment to SCHEDULE 1 to ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

Attach Assignor's Administrative Information Sheet, which must
include notice address for the Assignor and the Assignee

<PAGE>

EXHIBIT "I"
to Assignment Agreement

NOTICE

OF ASSIGNMENT

___________,19


To:     Torchmark Corporation*
2001 Third Avenue South
Birmingham, Alabama  35233

The First National Bank of Chicago
One First National Plaza
Chicago, Illinois  60670

From:   [NAME OF ASSIGNOR] (the "Assignor")

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE] (the "Assignee")

1.  We refer to that Credit Agreement (the "Credit Agreement")
described in Item 1 of Schedule 1 attached hereto ("Schedule 1").  Capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein or in such consent shall have
the meanings attributed to them in the Credit Agreement.

2.  This Notice of Assignment (this "Notice") is given and delivered
to [the Borrower and]* the Agent pursuant to Section 12.3.2 of the Credit
Agreement.

3.  The Assignor and the Assignee have entered into an Assignment
Agreement, dated as of ___________, 19__ (the "Assignment"), pursuant to which,
among other things, the Assignor has sold, assigned, delegated and transferred
to the Assignee, and the Assignee has purchased, accepted and assumed from the
Assignor the percentage interest specified in Item 3 of Schedule 1 of all
outstandings, rights and obligations under the Credit Agreement relating to the
facilities listed in Item 3 of Schedule 1, including, without limitation, such
interest in the Assignor's Commitment (if applicable) and the Loans owing to the
Assignor relating to such facilities.  The Effective Date of the Assignment
shall be the later of the date specified in Item 5 of Schedule 1 to the
Assignment ("Schedule 1") or two Business Days (or such shorter period as agreed
to by the Agent) after this Notice of Assignment and any consents and fees
required by Sections [12.3.1 and 12.3.2] of the Credit Agreement have been
delivered to the Agent, provided


_________________________________
*    To be included only if consent must be obtained from the Borrower pursuant
to Section 12.3.1 of the Credit Agreement.

<PAGE>

that the Effective Date shall not occur if any condition precedent agreed to by
the Assignor and the Assignee has not been satisfied.

4.  The Assignor and the Assignee hereby give to the Borrower and the
Agent notice of the assignment and delegation referred to herein.  The Assignor
will confer with the Agent before the date specified in Item 5 of Schedule 1 to
determine if the Assignment Agreement will become effective on such date
pursuant to Section 3 hereof, and will confer with the Agent to determine the
Effective Date pursuant to Section 3 hereof if it occurs thereafter.  The
Assignor shall notify the Agent if the Assignment Agreement does not become
effective on any proposed Effective Date as a result of the failure to satisfy
the conditions precedent agreed to by the Assignor and the Assignee.   At the
request of the Agent, the Assignor will give the Agent written confirmation of
the satisfaction of the conditions precedent.

5.  The Assignor or the Assignee shall pay to the Agent on or before
the Effective Date the processing fee of $3,500 required by Section 12.3.2 of
the Credit Agreement.

6.  If Notes are outstanding on the Effective Date, the Assignor and
the Assignee request and direct that the Agent prepare and cause the Borrower to
execute and deliver new Notes or, as appropriate, replacements notes, to the
Assignor and the Assignee.  The Assignor and, if applicable, the Assignee each
agree to deliver to the Agent the original Note received by it from the Borrower
upon its receipt of a new Note in the appropriate amount.

7.  The Assignee advises the Agent that notice and payment
instructions are set forth in the attachment to Schedule 1.

8.  Each party consenting to the Assignment in the space indicated
below hereby releases the Assignor from any obligations to it which have been
assigned to the Assignee.

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]                        [NAME OF ASSIGNEE]


By:_____________________________________________________________________________

Title:__________________________________________________________________________


<PAGE>

ACKNOWLEDGED AND CONSENTED                   ACKNOWLEDGED [AND CONSENTED
TO BY THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK                TO] BY TORCHMARK CORPORATION
OF CHICAGO, as Agent


By:_____________________________________________________________________________


Title:__________________________________________________________________________

[Attach photocopy of Schedule 1 to Assignment]

<PAGE>

EXHIBIT "II"

CONSENT AND RELEASE

TO:       [NAME OF ASSIGNOR]


[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]


________________, 19

1.  We acknowledge receipt from  ___________________ (the "Assignor") and
_______________________ (the "Assignee") of the Notice of Assignment, dated as
of ______________, 19__ (the "Notice").  Capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings attributed to them in the
Notice.

2.  In consideration of the assumption by the Assignee of the obligations
of the Assignor as referred to in the Notice, the Borrower hereby (i)
irrevocably consents, as required by Section 12.3.1 of the Credit Agreement, to
the assignment and delegation referred to in the Notice and (ii) as of the
Effective Date, irrevocably reduces the percentage of the Assignor in the
Aggregate Commitment by the percentage of the Aggregate Commitment assigned to
the Assignee and releases the Assignor from all of its obligations to the
Borrower under the Loan Documents to the extent that such obligations have been
assumed by the Assignee.

3.  The Borrower directs the Agent to prepare for issuance by the Borrower
new Notes as requested by the Assignor and the Assignee in the Notice.

4.  In consideration of the assumption by the Assignee of the obligations
of the Assignor as referred to in the Notice, the Agent hereby (i) irrevocably
consents, as required by Section 12.3.1     of the Credit Agreement, to the
assignment and delegation referred to in the Notice, (ii) as of the Effective
Date, irrevocably releases the Assignor from its obligations to the Agent under
the Loan Documents to the extent that such obligations have been assumed by the
Assignee, and (iii) agrees that, as of the Effective Date, the Agent shall
consider the Assignee as a "Lender" for all purposes under the Loan Documents to
the extent of the assignment and delegation referred to in the Notice.

<PAGE>

TORCHMARK CORPORATION                             THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF
CHICAGO, as Agent

By:_____________________________                  By:_________

Title:__________________________                  Title:______


<PAGE>

EXHIBIT "I"
LOAN/CREDIT RELATED MONEY TRANSFER INSTRUCTION

To The First National Bank of Chicago,
as Agent (the "Agent") under the Credit Agreement
Described Below.

Re:  Credit Agreement dated as of October 22, 1997 (as the same may be amended
or modified, the "Credit Agreement") among Torchmark Corporation (the
"Borrower"), the Lenders named therein and the Agent

Terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings
assigned thereto in the Credit Agreement.

The Agent is specifically authorized and directed to act upon the following
standing money transfer instructions with respect to the proceeds of Advances or
other extensions of credit from time to time until receipt by the Agent of a
specific written revocation of such instructions by the Borrower; provided,
however, that the Agent may otherwise transfer funds as hereafter directed in
writing by the Borrower in accordance with Section 13.1 of the Credit Agreement
or based on any telephonic notice made in accordance with Section 2.11 of the
Credit Agreement.

Facility Identification Number(s)_______________________________________________

Customer/Account Name___________________________________________________________
Transfer Funds To


For Account No._________________________________________________________________
Reference/Attention To__________________________________________________________

Authorized Officer (Customer
Representative)


(Please Print)                               Signature

Bank Officer Name


(Please Print)                               Signature

(Deliver Completed Form to Credit Support Staff For Immediate Processing)


<PAGE>

SCHEDULE "1"

LENDER COMMITMENTS AND ADDRESSES

Commitment   Address

$73,000,000  THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF CHICAGO,
Individually and as Agent
One First National Plaza
Chicago, Illinois  60670
Attention: Financial Services Division
Telephone No.: (312) 732-7074
Telecopier No.: (312) 732-4033
Telex No.: 4330253

$48,000,000  AMSOUTH BANK
1900 5th Avenue North - 7th Floor
Birmingham, AL  35203
Attention:  John M. Kettig, Senior Vice President
Telephone No.:  (205) 326-5240
Telecopier No.:  (205) 801-0157

$48,000,000                BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST AND
SAVINGS ASSOCIATION
231 South LaSalle Street
Chicago, IL  60697
Attention:  Dana L. Ragiel, Vice President
Telephone No.:  (312) 828-6723
Telecopier No.:  (312) 987-0889

$48,000,000                BANK OF MONTREAL
115 South LaSalle Street
Chicago, IL  60697
Attention:  Dan Streiff, Director
Telephone No.:  (312) 750-3775
Telecopier No.:  (312) 750-3783

$48,000,000                THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK
270 Park Avenue, 20th Floor
New York, NY  10017
Attention:  Peter Platten, Vice President
Telephone No.:  (212) 270-7527
Telecopier No.:  (212) 270-1511

$48,000,000                FLEET NATIONAL BANK
777 Main Street, MSN 250
Hartford, CT  06115
Attention:  Jeffrey Simpson, Vice President


<PAGE>

Telephone No.:  (860) 986-2688
Telecopier No.:  (860) 986-1264

$48,000,000                REGIONS BANK
417 North 20th Street, 2nd Floor
Birmingham, AL  35203
Attention:  Robert Kuhn, Vice President
Telephone No.:  (205) 326-7104
Telecopier No.:  (205) 326-7739

$48,000,000                SOUTHTRUST BANK, N.A.
420 North 20th Street
Birmingham, AL  35203
Attention:  Curtis J. Perry, Vice President
Telephone No.:  (205) 254-5799
Telecopier No.:  (205) 254-5022

$39,000,000                THE BANK OF NEW YORK
One Wall Street, 17th Floor
New York, NY  10286
Attention:  Melanie L. Shorofsky, Vice President
Telephone No.:  (212) 635-6482
Telecopier No.:  (212) 809-9520

$30,000,000                COMPASS BANK
15 South 20th Street, 2nd Floor
Birmingham, AL  35233
Attention:  Eric Cates
Telephone No.:  (205) 933-3238
Telecopier No.:  (205) 933-3926

$30,000,000                DRESDNER BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH AND GRAND
CAYMAN BRANCH
75 Wall Street
New York, NY  10005-2889
Attention:  Lloyd C. Stevens
Telephone No.:  (212) 429-2229
Telecopier No.:  (212) 429-2524

$24,000,000                DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH AND/OR
CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH
31 West 52nd Street
New York, NY  10019
Attention:  Susan A. Maros, Vice President
Telephone No.:  (212) 474-8104
Telecopier No.:  (212) 474-8108

$24,000,000                MELLON BANK, N.A.
One Mellon Bank Center
Pittsburgh, PA  15258


<PAGE>

Attention:  Euclid Noble
Telephone No.:  (412) 234-7922
Telecopier No.:  (412) 234-8087

$24,000,000                NATIONSBANK OF TEXAS, N.A.
901 Main Street, 66th Floor
Dallas, Texas  75202-3748
Attention:  D. Keith Thompson, Vice President
Telephone No.:  (214) 508-0611
Telecopier No.:  (214) 508-0604

$20,000,000                UMB BANK, N.A.
1010 Grand Avenue
Kansas City, MO  64103
Attention:  David A. Proffitt, Senior Vice President
Telephone No.:  (816) 860-7919
Telecopier No.:  (816) 860-7143

$600,000,000  Aggregate Commitment
============


<PAGE>

SCHEDULE "2"

SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES


Percentage of
Voting Stock
Name of Significant                State of             Owned by Borrower
Subsidiary                        Incorporation        or Subsidiaries
Globe Life And Accident
Insurance Company                  Delaware                100%

Liberty National Life
Insurance Company                  Alabama                 100%

United American
Insurance Company                  Delaware                100%

United Investors Life
Insurance Company                  Missouri                100%

Waddell & Reed Investment
Management Company                 Kansas             100%

American Income Life
Insurance Company                  Indiana            100%


<PAGE>

SCHEDULE "3"

INSURANCE LICENSES


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Significant                       Jurisdictions                            Type of
Insurance                         in which                                 Insurance
Subsidiary                        company holds                            ---------
- ----------                        active Licenses
<S>                               <C>                                      <C>

Globe Life And Accident           All states except New York plus Guam     Life and Accident and
Insurance Company                 and the District of Columbia             Health

Liberty National Life Insurance   All states except New York plus Guam     Life and Accident and
Company                           and the District of Columbia             Health

United American Insurance         All states except New York plus the      Life and Accident and
Company                           District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and    Health
Canada

United Investors                  All states except New York plus the      Life and Accident and
Life Insurance Company            District of Columbia                     Health


American Income Life Insurance    All states except New York plus New      Life and Accident and
Company                           Zealand, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin    Health
Islands, Canada, and the District of
Columbia
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

SCHEDULE "4"

PRICING GRID

(in basis points per annum)


Level II  Level III   Level IV    Level V
Level I
Borrower Debt
Rating*                X A + /A1  X A/A2   X A - /A3 X BBB + /Baa1  aBB/Baa2
Applicable Facility
Fee Percentage:              7.0     8.0         9.0          10.0      12.5
Applicable Euro-dollar
Margin:                     13.0    14.5        16.0          20.0      27.5

*    If a Borrower Debt Rating is assigned by each of Standard & Poor's Ratings
Group, a division of the McGraw Hill Companies, Duff & Phelps Credit Rating
Co. and Moody's Investor Services, Inc., then the applicable pricing level
will be based on the two highest of such ratings.  If a Borrower Debt
Rating is assigned by only two of such rating agencies, then the applicable
pricing level will be based on the higher of the two ratings.  However, if
in such case the ratings differential is two levels, the applicable pricing
level will be based on the level between such ratings.  If the ratings
differential is more than two levels, then the applicable pricing level
will be one level higher than the lower of the two ratings.  If a Borrower
Debt Rating is assigned by only one of such rating agencies, then the
applicable pricing level will be based on such rating.  For any time a
Borrower Debt Rating is not assigned by any of such rating agencies, Level
V pricing shall be applicable.  If more than one of the above percentages
applies at any time, the Applicable Facility Fee Percentage or Applicable
Eurodollar Margin, as applicable, shall be the lowest of such applicable
percentages.
<PAGE>

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT

This Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement is dated as of January 16, 1998 by
and among TORCHMARK CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the "Borrower"), the
Lenders named in the Credit Agreement referred to below (the "Lenders"), and THE
FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF CHICAGO, individually and as Agent for the Lenders.

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Lenders and the Agent are parties to that
certain Credit Agreement dated as of October 22, 1997 (the "Agreement");

WHEREAS, the Borrower contemplates divesting its equity interest in its
subsidiary Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc. ("WRFI") by means of a special
dividend to the Borrower's stockholders subsequent to an initial public offering
of WRFI's Class A Common Stock (as such transactions are more fully described in
that certain Form S-1 Registration Statement No. 333-43687 (the "Registration
Statement") filed by WRFI with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
"SEC") on January 2, 1998; and

WHEREAS, the Borrower and the Lenders desire to amend the Agreement to
permit the Borrower to effect such divestiture and disposition.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises herein contained, and for
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

I.   Defined Terms.

Each capitalized term used herein but not otherwise defined herein shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Agreement.

II.  Amendment of Agreement.

Section 6.11 of the Agreement is hereby amended in its entirety to read as
follows:

6.11.  Sale of Assets.  The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any
Subsidiary to, lease, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a Substantial
Portion of its Property (exclusive of (i) Investments sold in the ordinary
course of business and (ii) the disposition of any or all of the Borrower's
equity interest in Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc.) to any other Person(s)
in any calendar year.

III. Representations.

In order to induce the Lenders and the Agent to enter into this Amendment
No. 1, the Borrower represents and warrants that:

1.   There exists no Default or Unmatured Default on the date hereof.
<PAGE>

2.   The execution and delivery by the Borrower of this Amendment No. 1
has been duly authorized by all requisite corporate proceedings, and this
Amendment No. 1 and the Agreement, as amended by this Amendment No. 1,
constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower.

IV.    Effectiveness.

This Amendment No. 1 shall become effective as of the date first above
written (the "Effective Date") upon the receipt by the Agent of the following:

1.   Counterparts of this Amendment No. 1 duly executed by the Borrower
and the Required Lenders; and

2.   Evidence that the SEC has declared the Registration Statement
effective and that the initial public offering and sale of WRFI's Class A Common
Stock as contemplated therein has been consummated.

V.     Ratification.

Except as specifically set forth above, the Agreement shall remain
unaltered and in full force and effect and the respective terms, conditions and
covenants thereof are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects.

VI.    Reference to Agreement.

Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment No. 1, each reference in the
Agreement to "this Agreement", "hereof", "herein" or "hereunder" or words of
like import, and all references to the Agreement in any of the other Loan
Documents, shall mean and be a reference to the Agreement as amended hereby.

VII.   Execution in Counterparts.

This Amendment No. 1 may be executed in any number of counterparts and by
different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so
executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken
together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

VIII.  Governing Law.

This Amendment No. 1 shall be governed by, enforced and construed in
accordance with the internal laws, without regard to conflicts of law
provisions, of the State of Illinois, but giving effect to Federal laws
applicable to national banks.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower, the Lenders and the Agent have executed
this Amendment No. 1 as of the date first above written.

TORCHMARK CORPORATION

<PAGE>

By:_____________________________________________________________________________

Title:__________________________________________________________________________

THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF CHICAGO,
Individually and as Agent

By:_____________________________________________________________________________

Title:__________________________________________________________________________

AMSOUTH BANK

By:_________

Title:__

BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST AND
SAVINGS ASSOCIATION

By:_________

Title:__

BANK OF MONTREAL

By:_________

Title:__



THE BANK OF NEW YORK

By:_____

Title:__

THE CHASE MANHATTAN                     By:_____
BANK

<PAGE>

Title:__

REGIONS BANK


By:_____

Title:__

FLEET NATIONAL BANK


By:_____

Title:__

SOUTHTRUST BANK OF ALABAMA


By:_____

Title:__

COMPASS BANK                            NATIONSBANK OF TEXAS, N.A.


By:_____                                By:_____

Title:__                                Title:__

DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH
AND/OR CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH

By:_____

Title:__

By:_____

Title:__

<PAGE>

DRESDNER BANK AG,
NEW YORK BRANCH AND
GRAND CAYMAN
BRANCH

By:_____

Title:__

By:_____

Title:__

MELLON BANK, N.A.


By:_____

Title:__

UMB BANK, N.A.


By:_____

Title:__



