






exv99









EXECUTION COPY




CREDIT AGREEMENT




Dated as of May 18, 2004




Among




GATX FINANCIAL CORPORATION




as Borrower




and




THE INITIAL LENDERS NAMED HEREIN




as Initial Lenders




and




CITICORP USA, INC.




as Administrative Agent




and




CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC.




As Lead Arranger and Book Manager




and




JPMORGAN CHASE BANK




and




FLEET NATIONAL BANK




as Co-Syndication Agents




and




CALYON NEW YORK BRANCH




and




DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH




as Co-Documentation Agents























TABLE OF CONTENTS





ARTICLE I

SECTION 1.01.
Certain Defined Terms	 	 	1
SECTION 1.02.
Computation of Time Periods	 	 	13
SECTION 1.03.
Accounting Terms	 	 	13
ARTICLE II

SECTION 2.01.
The Advances and Letters of Credit	 	 	13
SECTION 2.02.
Making the Advances	 	 	14
SECTION 2.03.
Issuance of and Drawings and Reimbursement Under Letters of Credit	 	 	15
SECTION 2.04.
Fees	 	 	16
SECTION 2.05.
Optional Termination or Reduction of the Commitments	 	 	17
SECTION 2.06.
Repayment	 	 	17
SECTION 2.07.
Interest on Advances	 	 	18
SECTION 2.08.
Interest Rate Determination	 	 	18
SECTION 2.09.
Optional Conversion of Advances	 	 	19
SECTION 2.10.
Prepayments of Advances	 	 	19
SECTION 2.11.
Increased Costs	 	 	20
SECTION 2.12.
Illegality	 	 	20
SECTION 2.13.
Payments and Computations	 	 	20
SECTION 2.14.
Taxes	 	 	21
SECTION 2.15.
Sharing of Payments, Etc.	 	 	22
SECTION 2.16.
Evidence of Debt	 	 	22
SECTION 2.17.
Use of Proceeds	 	 	23
SECTION 2.18.
Increase in the Aggregate Commitments	 	 	23

























ARTICLE III

SECTION 3.01.
Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness of Section 2.01	 	 	24
SECTION 3.02.
Conditions Precedent to Each Borrowing, Commitment Increase and Issuance.	 	 	25
SECTION 3.03.
Determinations Under Section 3.01	 	 	26
ARTICLE IV

SECTION 4.01.
Representations and Warranties	 	 	26
ARTICLE V

SECTION 5.01.
Affirmative Covenants	 	 	28
SECTION 5.02.
Negative Covenants	 	 	30
SECTION 5.03.
Financial Covenants	 	 	32
ARTICLE VI

SECTION 6.01.
Events of Default	 	 	33
SECTION 6.02.
Actions in Respect of the Letters of Credit upon Default	 	 	34
ARTICLE VII

SECTION 7.01.
Authorization and Action	 	 	35
SECTION 7.02.
Agent’s Reliance, Etc.	 	 	35
SECTION 7.03.
CUSA and Affiliates	 	 	35
SECTION 7.04.
Lender Credit Decision	 	 	36
SECTION 7.05.
Indemnification	 	 	36
SECTION 7.06.
Successor Agent	 	 	36
SECTION 7.07.
Other Agents.	 	 	37
ARTICLE VIII

SECTION 8.01.
Amendments, Etc.	 	 	37
SECTION 8.02.
Notices, Etc.	 	 	37
SECTION 8.03.
No Waiver; Remedies	 	 	38







ii

















SECTION 8.04.
Costs and Expenses	 	 	38
SECTION 8.05.
Right of Set-off	 	 	39
SECTION 8.06.
Binding Effect	 	 	39
SECTION 8.07.
Assignments and Participations	 	 	39
SECTION 8.08.
Confidentiality	 	 	41
SECTION 8.09.
Governing Law	 	 	41
SECTION 8.10.
Execution in Counterparts	 	 	42
SECTION 8.11.
Jurisdiction, Etc.	 	 	42
SECTION 8.12.
No Liability of the Issuing Banks	 	 	42
SECTION 8.13.
Patriot Act	 	 	42
SECTION 8.14.
Waiver of Jury Trial	 	 	43







iii
















Schedules




Schedule I – List of Applicable Lending Offices




Schedule 2.01(b) – Existing Letters of Credit




Exhibits





Exhibit A-1

Form of Revolving Credit Note

Exhibit A-2

Form of Term Note

Exhibit B

Form of Notice of Borrowing

Exhibit C

Form of Assignment and Acceptance

Exhibit D

Form of Opinion of Counsel for the Borrower







iv
















CREDIT AGREEMENT




Dated as of May 18, 2004




GATX FINANCIAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), the
banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders (the “Initial
Lenders”) and initial issuing banks (the “Initial Issuing Banks”) listed on the
signature pages hereof, CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., as lead arranger and
book manager, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK and FLEET NATIONAL BANK, as co-syndication
agents, CALYON NEW YORK BRANCH and DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, as
co-documentation agents, and CITICORP USA, INC. (“CUSA”), as administrative
agent (the “Agent”) for the Lenders (as hereinafter defined), agree as follows:



ARTICLE I




DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS




SECTION 1.01. Certain Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the
following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally
applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):




“Advance” means a Revolving Credit Advance or a Term Advance.




“Affiliate” means, with respect to a specified Person, another
Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person
specified.




“Agent’s Account” means the account of the Agent maintained by the
Agent at Citibank at its office at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New
York 10013, Account No. 36852248, Attention: Bank Loan Syndications.




“Applicable Lending Office” means, with respect to each Lender, such
Lender’s Domestic Lending Office in the case of a Base Rate Advance and
such Lender’s Eurodollar Lending Office in the case of a Eurodollar Rate
Advance.




“Applicable Margin” means as of any date, for Base Rate Advances
under any Facility, a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin for
Eurodollar Rate Advances under such Facility less 1.00% (but not less
that 0.00%) and, for Eurodollar Rate Advances, a percentage per annum
determined by reference to the Public Debt Rating in effect on such date
as set forth below:




Applicable Margin for
Eurodollar Rate Advances	 	Applicable Margin for
Public Debt Rating	 	under the Revolving Credit	 	Eurodollar Rate Advances
S&P/Moody’s
Facility
under the Term Facility

Level 1

A- / A3 or above
0.275	%	 	 	0.500	%
Level 2

BBB+ / Baa 1
0.500	%	 	 	0.750	%
Level 3

BBB / Baa 2
0.725	%	 	 	1.000	%
Level 4

BBB- / Baa 3
1.050	%	 	 	1.375	%

























Applicable Margin for
Eurodollar Rate Advances	 	Applicable Margin for
Public Debt Rating	 	under the Revolving Credit	 	Eurodollar Rate Advances
S&P/Moody’s
Facility
under the Term Facility

Level 5

BB+ / Ba1
1.200	%	 	 	1.750	%
Level 6

Lower than Level 5
1.500	%	 	 	2.500	%








“Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage” means, with respect to the
Revolving Credit Facility as of any date, a percentage per annum
determined by reference to the Public Debt Rating in effect on such date
as set forth below:




Public Debt Rating	 	Applicable
S&P/Moody’s
Percentage

Level 1

A- / A3 or above
0.100	%
Level 2

BBB+ / Baa 1
0.125	%
Level 3

BBB / Baa 2
0.150	%
Level 4

BBB- / Baa 3
0.200	%
Level 5

BB+ / Ba 1
0.300	%
Level 6

Lower than Level 5
0.500	%








“Applicable Term Percentage” means, with respect to the Term Loan
Facility as of any date, a percentage per annum determined by reference
to the Public Debt Rating in effect on such date as set forth below:




Public Debt Rating	 	Applicable
S&P/Moody’s
Term Percentage

Level 1

A- / A3 or above
0.100	%
Level 2

BBB+ / Baa 1
0.125	%
Level 3

BBB / Baa 2
0.150	%
Level 4

BBB- / Baa 3
0.200	%
Level 5

BB+ / Ba 1
0.300	%
Level 6

Lower than Level 5
0.500	%








provided, that the Applicable Term Percentage will increase by 0.125% for
the period from the date that is 120 days after the Effective Date to the
first anniversary of the Effective Date if no Term Advances are
outstanding on such 120th day.




“Applicable Utilization Fee” means, as of any date that the
aggregate Revolving Credit Advances plus the aggregate Available Amount
of the Letters of Credit outstanding exceed 50% of the aggregate



2















Revolving Credit Commitments, a percentage per annum determined by
reference to the Public Debt Rating in effect on such date as set forth
below:




Public Debt Rating	 	Applicable
S&P/Moody’s
Utilization Fee

Level 1

A- / A3 or above
0.125	%
Level 2

BBB+ / Baa 1
0.125	%
Level 3

BBB / Baa 2
0.125	%
Level 4

BBB- / Baa 3
0.125	%
Level 5

BB+ / Ba1
0.250	%
Level 6

Lower than Level 5
0.500	%








“Appropriate Lender” means, at any time, with respect to either of
the Term Facility or Revolving Credit Facility, a Lender that has a
Commitment with respect to such Facility at such time.




“Assignment and Acceptance” means an assignment and acceptance
entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee, and accepted by the
Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto.




“Assuming Lender” has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(b).




“Assumption Agreement” has the meaning specified in Section
2.18(c)(ii).




“Available Amount” of any Letter of Credit means, at any time, the
maximum amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit at such
time (assuming compliance at such time with all conditions to drawing).




“Base Rate” means a fluctuating interest rate per annum in effect
from time to time, which rate per annum shall at all times be equal to
the higher of:




(a) the rate of interest announced publicly by Citibank in New
York, New York, from time to time, as Citibank’s base rate; and




(b)
½ of one percent per annum above the Federal Funds
Rate.




“Base Rate Advance” means an Advance that bears interest as provided
in Section 2.07(a)(i).




“Borrower Information” has the meaning specified in Section 8.08.




“Borrowing” means a Revolving Credit Borrowing or a Term Borrowing.




“Business Day” means a day of the year other than Saturday or Sunday
or a day on which banks are not required or authorized by law to close in
New York City and, if the applicable Business Day relates to any
Eurodollar Rate Advances, on which dealings are carried on in the London
interbank market.




“Capital Lease Obligations” of any Person means the obligations of
such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other
arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal



3
















property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required
to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet
of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be
the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP.




“Change in Control” means (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly
or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within
the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder as in effect on the date
hereof), of shares representing more than 50% of the aggregate ordinary
voting power represented by the issued and outstanding capital stock of
the Borrower, other than by GATX Corporation or a wholly-owned Subsidiary
thereof; or (b) for the period of 12 consecutive months, a majority of
the Board of Directors of the Borrower shall no longer be composed of
individuals (i) who were members of said Board on the first day of such
period, (ii) whose election or nomination to said Board was approved by
individuals referred to in clause (i) above constituting at the time of
such election or nomination at least a majority of said Board or (iii)
whose election or nomination to said Board was approved by individuals
referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above constituting at the time of
such election or nomination at least a majority of said Board.




“Citibank” means Citibank, N.A.




“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time
to time.




“Control” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power
to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a
Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract
or otherwise. “Controlling” and “Controlled” have meanings correlative
thereto.




“Commitment” means a Revolving Credit Commitment, a Letter of Credit
Commitment or a Term Commitment.




“Commitment Date” has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(b).




“Commitment Increase” has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(a).




“Consolidated” refers to the consolidation of accounts in accordance
with GAAP.




“Convert”, “Conversion” and “Converted” each refers to a conversion
of Advances of one Type into Advances of the other Type pursuant to
Section 2.08 or 2.09.




“Default” means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of
Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured
or waived, become an Event of Default.




“Disclosed Litigation” means litigation disclosed in any filing made
by the Borrower prior to the date hereof pursuant to the Securities and
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.




“Domestic Lending Office” means, with respect to any Lender, the
office of such Lender specified as its “Domestic Lending Office” opposite
its name on Schedule I hereto or in the Assumption Agreement or the
Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender, or such
other office of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify
to the Borrower and the Agent.




“Effective Date” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01, which is
May 18, 2004.




“Eligible Assignee” means (i) a Lender; (ii) an Affiliate of a
Lender that is in the business of making and/or buying loans of the type
described therein; and (iii) any other Person approved by the Agent, each
Issuing Bank and, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing at the time any assignment is effected in accordance with
Section 8.07, the Borrower, such approvals not to be



4
















unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, however, that neither
the Borrower nor an Affiliate of the Borrower shall qualify as an
Eligible Assignee.




“Environmental Laws” means all laws, rules, regulations, codes,
ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding
agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental
Authority, relating in any way to the environment, preservation or
reclamation of natural resources, the management, release or threatened
release of any Hazardous Material or to health and safety matters.




“Environmental Liability” means any liability, contingent or
otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental
remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a)
violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling,
transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous
Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or
threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e)
any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which
liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.




“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
as amended from time to time.




“ERISA Affiliate” means any trade or business (whether or not
incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single
employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes
of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a
single employer under Section 414 of the Code.




“ERISA Event” means (a) any “reportable event”, as defined in
Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect
to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30 day notice period is
waived); (b) the existence with respect to any Plan of an “accumulated
funding deficiency” (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302
of ERISA), whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section
412(d) of the Code or Section 303(d) of ERISA of an application for a
waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the
incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any
liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any
Plan; (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the
PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to
terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any
Plan; (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates
of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal
from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by the Borrower
or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer
Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning
the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a
Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in
reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA.




“Eurocurrency Liabilities” has the meaning assigned to that term in
Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as
in effect from time to time.




“Eurodollar Lending Office” means, with respect to any Lender, the
office of such Lender specified as its “Eurodollar Lending Office”
opposite its name on Schedule I hereto or in the Assumption Agreement or
the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender (or,
if no such office is specified, its Domestic Lending Office), or such
other office of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify
to the Borrower and the Agent.




“Eurodollar Rate” means, for any Interest Period for each Eurodollar
Rate Advance comprising part of the same Borrowing, an interest rate per
annum equal to the rate per annum obtained by dividing (a) the rate per
annum (rounded upward to the nearest whole multiple of 1/16 of 1% per
annum) appearing on Moneyline Telerate Markets Page 3750 (or any
successor page) as the London interbank offered rate for deposits in U.S.
dollars at approximately 11:00 A.M. (London time) two Business Days prior
to the first



5
















day of such Interest Period for a term comparable to such Interest
Period or, if for any reason such rate is not available, the average
(rounded upward to the nearest whole multiple of 1/16 of 1% per annum, if
such average is not such a multiple) of the rate per annum at which
deposits in U.S. dollars are offered by the principal office of each of
the Reference Banks in London, England to prime banks in the London
interbank market at 11:00 A.M. (London time) two Business Days before the
first day of such Interest Period in an amount substantially equal to
such Reference Bank’s Eurodollar Rate Advance comprising part of such
Borrowing to be outstanding during such Interest Period and for a period
equal to such Interest Period by (b) a percentage equal to 100% minus the
Eurodollar Rate Reserve Percentage for such Interest Period. If the
Moneyline Telerate Markets Page 3750 (or any successor page) is
unavailable, the Eurodollar Rate for any Interest Period for each
Eurodollar Rate Advance comprising part of the same Borrowing shall be
determined by the Agent on the basis of applicable rates furnished to and
received by the Agent from the Reference Banks two Business Days before
the first day of such Interest Period, subject, however, to the
provisions of Section 2.08.




“Eurodollar Rate Advance” means an Advance that bears interest as
provided in Section 2.07(a)(ii).




“Eurodollar Rate Reserve Percentage” for any Interest Period for all
Eurodollar Rate Advances comprising part of the same Borrowing means the
reserve percentage applicable two Business Days before the first day of
such Interest Period under regulations issued from time to time by the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for
determining the maximum reserve requirement (including, without
limitation, any emergency, supplemental or other marginal reserve
requirement) for a member bank of the Federal Reserve System in New York
City with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including
Eurocurrency Liabilities (or with respect to any other category of
liabilities that includes deposits by reference to which the interest
rate on Eurodollar Rate Advances is determined) having a term equal to
such Interest Period.




“Events of Default” has the meaning specified in Section 6.01.




“Excluded Taxes” means, with respect to the Agent, any Lender or any
other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any
obligation of the Borrower hereunder, (a) income or franchise taxes
imposed on (or measured by) its net income by the United States of
America, or by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such recipient is
organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of
any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located, (b) any
branch profits taxes imposed by the United States of America or any
similar tax imposed by any other jurisdiction in which the Lender or such
other recipient is located and (c) in the case of a Foreign Lender (other
than an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section
8.07(a)), any withholding tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such
Foreign Lender at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this
Agreement or is attributable to such Foreign Lender’s failure or
inability to comply with Section 2.14(e), except to the extent that such
Foreign Lender’s assignor (if any) was entitled, at the time of
assignment, to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect
to such withholding tax pursuant to Section 2.14(a).




“Facility” means the Revolving Credit Facility, the Letter of Credit
Facility or the Term Facility.




“Federal Funds Rate” means, for any period, a fluctuating interest
rate per annum equal for each day during such period to the weighted
average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members
of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers, as
published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the
next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or,
if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the
average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by
the Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing
selected by it.




“Financial Officer” means the chief financial officer, principal
accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower.



6
















“Foreign Lender” means any Lender that is organized under the laws
of a jurisdiction other than the United States of America, any State
thereof or the District of Columbia.




“GAAP” has the meaning specified in Section 1.03.




“GARC” means a special purpose subsidiary, owned, directly or
indirectly, by the Borrower, and organized for the purposes of (i)
entering into one or more financings of equipment and related leases,
(ii) subleasing of equipment pursuant to subleases and (iii) engaging in
such other activities as are necessary, convenient or incidental thereto.
Each GARC shall be formed in a manner so that in the event of a
bankruptcy of the Borrower or any of its non-GARC subsidiaries, the
assets and liabilities of such GARC will not be consolidated with the
assets and liabilities of the Borrower or any of such subsidiaries.




“GATX Corporation” means GATX Corporation, a New York corporation.




“Governmental Authority” means the government of the United States
of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof,
whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality,
regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising
executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative
powers or functions of or pertaining to government.




“Guarantee” of or by any Person (the “guarantor”) means any
obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or
having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other
obligation of any other Person (the “primary obligor”) in any manner,
whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the
guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or
supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other
obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase
of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease
property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of
such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to
maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement
condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary
obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account
party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to
support such Indebtedness or obligation; provided, that the term
Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the
ordinary course of business.




“Hazardous Materials” means all explosive or radioactive substances
or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other
pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or
asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas,
infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any
nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law.




“Hedging Agreement” means any interest rate protection agreement,
foreign currency exchange agreement, commodity price protection agreement
or other interest or currency exchange rate or commodity price hedging
arrangement.




“Increase Date” has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(a).




“Increasing Lender” has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(b).




“Indebtedness” of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all
obligations of such Person for borrowed money or with respect to deposits
or advances of any kind, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by
bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of
such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid, (d) all
obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title
retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (e)
all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price
of property or services (excluding current accounts payable incurred in
the ordinary course of business), (f) all Indebtedness of others secured
by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right,
contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or
acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby
has been assumed,



7
















(g) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (h) all
Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (i) all obligations, contingent
or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of
credit and letters of guaranty and (j) all obligations, contingent or
otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers’ acceptances; provided,
however, that “Indebtedness” shall not include (x) Secured Nonrecourse
Obligations and (y) nonrecourse obligations incurred in connection with
leveraged lease transactions as determined in accordance with GAAP.




“Indemnified Taxes” means Taxes other than Excluded Taxes.




“Indenture Limit” means (a) the maximum amount of additional
indebtedness secured by liens or charges that may be incurred under
Section 10.6 (3) of the Indenture dated July 31, 1989, as supplemented
and amended by a Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 18, 1991, by
a Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 2, 1996 and by a
Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 14, 1997, between
Borrower and JP Morgan Chase Bank, as Trustee (the “Indenture”) with
respect to the Borrower’s $250,000,000 8.875% Senior Notes due 2009
without requiring the Borrower to equally and ratably secure indebtedness
outstanding under the 8.875% Senior Notes due 2009 minus (b) the
principal amount outstanding that is due on April 12, 2006 under the Term
Loan Agreement dated as of April 9, 2001 among the Borrower, the lenders
named therein and Bayerische Landesbank, as Agent.




“Information Memorandum” means the information memorandum dated
April, 2004 used by the Agent in connection with the syndication of the
Commitments.




“Interest Period” means, for each Eurodollar Rate Advance comprising
part of the same Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such
Eurodollar Rate Advance or the date of the Conversion of any Base Rate
Advance into such Eurodollar Rate Advance and ending on the last day of
the period selected by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions below and,
thereafter, each subsequent period commencing on the last day of the
immediately preceding Interest Period and ending on the last day of the
period selected by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions below. The
duration of each such Interest Period shall be one, two or three weeks or
one, two, three or six months, as the Borrower may, upon notice received
by the Agent not later than 1:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the third
Business Day prior to the first day of such Interest Period, select;
provided, however, that:




(a) the Borrower may not select any Interest Period that ends
after the Termination Date;




(b) Interest Periods commencing on the same date for
Eurodollar Rate Advances comprising part of the same Borrowing
shall be of the same duration;




(c) whenever the last day of any Interest Period would
otherwise occur on a day other than a Business Day, the last day of
such Interest Period shall be extended to occur on the next
succeeding Business Day, provided, however, that, if such extension
would cause the last day of such Interest Period to occur in the
next following calendar month, the last day of such Interest Period
shall occur on the next preceding Business Day; and




(d) whenever the first day of any Interest Period occurs on a
day of an initial calendar month for which there is no numerically
corresponding day in the calendar month that succeeds such initial
calendar month by the number of months equal to the number of
months in such Interest Period, such Interest Period shall end on
the last Business Day of such succeeding calendar month.




“Issuing Bank” means an Initial Issuing Bank, an Assuming Lender or
any Eligible Assignee to which a portion of the Letter of Credit
Commitment hereunder has been assigned pursuant to Section 8.07 so long
as such Eligible Assignee expressly agrees to perform in accordance with
their terms all of the obligations that by the terms of this Agreement
are required to be performed by it as an Issuing Bank and



8
















notifies the Agent of its Applicable Lending Office (which
information shall be recorded by the Agent in the Register), for so long
as the Initial Issuing Bank, Assuming Lender or Eligible Assignee, as the
case may be, shall have a Letter of Credit Commitment.




“L/C Cash Collateral Account” means an interest bearing cash
collateral account to be established and maintained by the Agent, over
which the Agent shall have sole dominion and control, upon terms as may
be satisfactory to the Agent.




“L/C Related Documents” has the meaning specified in Section
2.06(b)(i).




“Lenders” means the Initial Lenders, each Issuing Bank, each
Assuming Lender that shall become a party hereto pursuant to Section 2.18
and each Person that shall become a party hereto pursuant to Section
8.07.




“Letter of Credit Agreement” has the meaning specified in Section
2.03(a).




“Letter of Credit Commitment” means, with respect to each Initial
Issuing Bank, the amount set forth opposite the Initial Issuing Bank’s
name on Schedule I hereto under the caption “Letter of Credit Commitment”
or, if such Initial Issuing Bank has entered into one or more Assignment
and Acceptances, the amount set forth for such Issuing Bank in the
Register maintained by the Agent pursuant to Section 8.07(d) as such
Issuing Bank’s “Letter of Credit Commitment”, as such amount may be
reduced at or prior to such time pursuant to Section 2.05.




“Letter of Credit Facility” means, at any time, an amount equal to
the lesser of (a) the aggregate amount of the Issuing Banks’ Letter of
Credit Commitments at such time and (b) $50,000,000, as such amount may
be reduced at or prior to such time pursuant to Section 2.05.




“Letters of Credit” has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(b).




“Lien” means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of
trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security
interest in, on or of such asset and (b) the interest of a vendor or a
lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title
retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same
economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset, other
than an operating lease.




“Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on (a) the
business, financial condition, operations or properties of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Borrower to
perform any of its obligations under this Agreement (including the timely
payment of all amounts due hereunder), (c) the rights of or benefits
available to the Agent and the Lenders under this Agreement or (d) the
validity or enforceability of this Agreement.




“Material Indebtedness” means Indebtedness (other than the
Advances), or obligations in respect of one or more Hedging Agreements,
of any one or more of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in a principal
amount exceeding $25,000,000. For purposes of determining Material
Indebtedness, the “principal amount” of the obligations of the Borrower
or any Subsidiary in respect of any Hedging Agreement at any time shall
be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements)
that the Borrower or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such
Hedging Agreement were terminated at such time.




“Material Subsidiary” means each Subsidiary of the Borrower that
either (a) as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal year of
the Borrower for which audited financial statements are available, has
assets that exceed 5% of the total consolidated balance sheet assets of
the Borrower and all its Subsidiaries as of the last day of such period
or (b) for the most recently completed fiscal year of the Borrower for
which audited financial statements are available, has revenues that
exceed 5% of the consolidated revenue of the Borrower and all of its
Subsidiaries for such period.



9
















“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc.




“Multiemployer Plan” means a multiemployer plan as defined in
Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.




“Net Worth” means, as at any date for any Person, the total
stockholders’ equity for such Person and its Subsidiaries (determined on
a consolidated basis without duplication).




“Note” means a Revolving Credit Note or a Term Note.




“Notice of Borrowing” has the meaning specified in Section 2.02(a).




“Other Taxes” means any and all present or future stamp or
documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or
similar levies arising from any payment made hereunder or from the
execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this
Agreement.




“PBGC” means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to
and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar
functions.




“Permitted Encumbrances” means:




(a) Liens imposed by law for taxes or under ERISA in respect
of contingent liabilities thereunder that are not yet due or are
being contested in compliance with Section 5.01(d);




(b) carriers’, warehousemen’s, mechanics’, materialmen’s,
repairmen’s and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the
ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not
overdue by more than 30 days or are being contested in compliance
with Section 5.01(d);




(c) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of
business in compliance with workers’ compensation, unemployment
insurance and other social security laws or regulations;




(d) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade
contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds,
performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each
case in the ordinary course of business;




(e) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar
encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the
ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary
obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the
affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of
business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; and




(f) banker’s liens and rights of set-off;




provided that the term “Permitted Encumbrances” shall not include
any Lien securing Indebtedness.




“Person” means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a
business trust), joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association,
joint venture, limited liability company or other entity, or a government
or any political subdivision or agency thereof.




“Plan” means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a
Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or
Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which
the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated,
would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an “employer” as
defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA.



10
















“Public Debt Rating” means, as of any date, the rating that has been
most recently announced by either S&P or Moody’s, as the case may be, for
any class of non-credit enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt issued
by the Borrower or, if any such rating agency shall have issued more than
one such rating, the lowest such rating issued by such rating agency.
For purposes of the foregoing, (a) if only one of S&P and Moody’s shall
have in effect a Public Debt Rating, the Applicable Margin, the
Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage, the Applicable Term Percentage
and the Applicable Utilization Fee shall be determined by reference to
the available rating; (b) if neither S&P nor Moody’s shall have in effect
a Public Debt Rating, the Applicable Margin, the Applicable Revolving
Credit Percentage, the Applicable Term Percentage and the Applicable
Utilization Fee will be set in accordance with Level 6 under the
definition of “Applicable Margin”, “Applicable Revolving Credit
Percentage”, “Applicable Term Percentage” or “Applicable Utilization
Fee”, as the case may be; (c) if the ratings established by S&P and
Moody’s shall fall within different levels, the Applicable Margin, the
Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage, the Applicable Term Percentage
and the Applicable Utilization Fee shall be based upon the higher rating
unless such ratings differ by two or more levels, in which case the
applicable level will be deemed to be one level below the higher of such
levels; (d) if any rating established by S&P or Moody’s shall be changed,
such change shall be effective as of the date on which such change is
first announced publicly by the rating agency making such change; and (e)
if S&P or Moody’s shall change the basis on which ratings are
established, each reference to the Public Debt Rating announced by S&P or
Moody’s, as the case may be, shall refer to the then equivalent rating by
S&P or Moody’s, as the case may be.




“Ratable Share” of any amount means, with respect to any Revolving
Credit Lender at any time, the product of (a) a fraction the numerator of
which is the amount of such Lender’s Revolving Credit Commitment at such
time and the denominator of which is the aggregate Revolving Credit
Commitments at such time and (b) such amount.




“Reference Banks” means CUSA, JPMorgan Chase Bank, Fleet National
Bank, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch and Calyon New York Branch or
their successors.




“Register” has the meaning specified in Section 8.07(d).




“Required Lenders” means at any time Lenders owed or holding at
least a majority in interest of the sum of (a) the aggregate principal
amount of the Advances outstanding at such time, (b) the aggregate
Available Amount of all Letters of Credit outstanding at such time, (c)
the aggregate unused Commitments under the Term Facility at such time and
(d) the aggregate Unused Revolving Credit Commitments at such time. For
purposes of this definition, the Available Amount of each Letter of
Credit shall be considered to be owed to the Revolving Credit Lenders
ratably in accordance with their respective Revolving Credit Commitments.




“Revolving Credit Advance” means an advance by a Lender to the
Borrower as part of a Borrowing under Section 2.01(a) and refers to a
Base Rate Advance or a Eurodollar Rate Advance (each of which shall be a
“Type” of Advance).




“Revolving Credit Borrowing” means a borrowing consisting of
simultaneous Revolving Credit Advances of the same Type made by the
Revolving Credit Lenders.




“Revolving Credit Commitment” means as to any Lender (a) the amount
set forth opposite such Lender’s name on Schedule I hereto as such
Lender’s “Revolving Credit Commitment”, (b) if such Lender has become a
Lender hereunder pursuant to an Assumption Agreement, the amount set
forth in such Assumption Agreement or (c) if such Lender has entered into
any Assignment and Acceptance, the amount set forth for such Lender in
the Register maintained by the Agent pursuant to Section 8.07(d), as such
amount may be reduced pursuant to Section 2.05.




“Revolving Credit Facility” means, at any time, the aggregate amount
of the Revolving Credit Lenders’ Revolving Credit Commitments at such
time.



11
















“Revolving Credit Lender” means any Lender that has a Revolving
Credit Commitment.




“Revolving Credit Note” means a promissory note of the Borrower
payable to the order of any Revolving Credit Lender, delivered pursuant
to a request made under Section 2.16 in substantially the form of Exhibit
A-1 hereto, evidencing the aggregate indebtedness of the Borrower to such
Lender resulting from the Revolving Credit Advances made by such Lender.




“S&P” means Standard & Poor’s, a division of The McGraw-Hill
Companies, Inc.




“Secured Nonrecourse Obligations” means (i) secured obligations of
the Borrower taken on a consolidated basis where recourse of the payee of
such obligations is expressly limited to an assigned lease or loan
receivable and the property related thereto, (ii) debt of Single
Transaction Subsidiaries or (iii) liabilities of the Borrower taken on a
consolidated basis to manufacturers of leased equipment where such
liabilities are payable solely out of revenues derived from the leasing
or sale of such equipment; excluding, however, nonrecourse obligations
incurred in connection with leveraged lease transactions as determined in
accordance with GAAP.




“Single Transaction Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary whose assets
consist solely of financing transactions and the proceeds thereof with
one or more obligors where the obligations of such Subsidiary are not
guaranteed by the Borrower or any other Subsidiary and for which neither
the Borrower nor such other Subsidiary is liable.




“subsidiary” means, with respect to any Person (the “Parent”) at any
date, any other Person that, as of such date, the accounts of which would
be consolidated with those of the Parent in the Parent’s consolidated
financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in
accordance with GAAP, as well as any other Person of which securities or
other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the equity or
more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a
partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, as
of such date, owned, controlled or held.




“Subsidiary” means any subsidiary of the Borrower.




“Taxes” means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts,
duties, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed by any Governmental
Authority.




“Term Advance” has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(c).




“Term Borrowing” means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Term
Advances of the same Type made by the Term Lenders.




“Term Commitment” means as to any Lender (a) the amount set forth
opposite such Lender’s name on Schedule I hereto as such Lender’s “Term
Commitment” or (b) if such Lender has entered into any Assignment and
Acceptance, the amount set forth for such Lender in the Register
maintained by the Agent pursuant to Section 8.07(d) as such Lender’s
“Term Commitment”, as such amount may be reduced pursuant to Section
2.05.




“Term Facility” means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Term
Lenders’ Term Commitments at such time.




“Term Lender” means any Lender that has a Term Commitment.




“Term Loan Maturity Date” means the fifth anniversary of the
Effective Date.



12
















“Term Note” means a promissory note of the Borrower payable to the
order of any Term Lender, delivered pursuant to a request made under 2.16
in substantially the form of Exhibit A-2 hereto, evidencing the
indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from the Term
Advances made by such Lender.




“Termination Date” means the earlier of (a) May 18, 2007 and (b) the
date of termination in whole of the Revolving Credit Commitments pursuant
to Section 2.05 or 6.01.




“Transactions” means the execution, delivery and performance by the
Borrower of this Agreement, the borrowing of Advances, the issuance of
Letters of Credit and the use of the proceeds thereof.




“Unused Revolving Credit Commitment” means, with respect to each
Revolving Credit Lender at any time, (a) such Lender’s Revolving Credit
Commitment at such time minus (b) the sum of (i) the aggregate principal
amount of all Revolving Credit Advances made by such Lender (in its
capacity as a Revolving Credit Lender) and outstanding at such time, plus
(ii) such Lender’s Ratable Share of the aggregate Available Amount of all
the Letters of Credit outstanding at such time.




“Voting Stock” means capital stock issued by a corporation, or
equivalent interests in any other Person, the holders of which are
ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to vote for the
election of directors (or persons performing similar functions) of such
Person, even if the right so to vote has been suspended by the happening
of such a contingency.




“Withdrawal Liability” means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a
result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan,
as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.



SECTION 1.02. Computation of Time Periods. In this Agreement in the
computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date,
the word “from” means “from and including” and the words “to” and “until” each
mean “to but excluding”.



SECTION 1.03. Accounting Terms. All accounting terms not specifically
defined herein shall be construed in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles of the United States consistent with those in effect on
the date, and applied in the preparation, of the financial statements referred
to in Section 4.01(d) (“GAAP”).



ARTICLE II




AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE ADVANCES AND LETTERS OF CREDIT




SECTION 2.01. The Advances and Letters of Credit. (a) Revolving Credit
Advances. Each Revolving Credit Lender severally agrees, on the terms and
conditions hereinafter set forth, to make Revolving Credit Advances to the
Borrower from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the
Effective Date until the Termination Date in an amount not to exceed at any
time such Lender’s Unused Revolving Credit Commitment. Each Borrowing shall be
in an aggregate amount of $1,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in
excess thereof and shall consist of Revolving Credit Advances of the same Type
made on the same day by the Revolving Credit Lenders ratably according to their
respective Revolving Credit Commitments. Within the limits of each Revolving
Credit Lender’s Revolving Credit Commitment, the Borrower may borrow under this
Section 2.01(a), prepay pursuant to Section 2.10 and reborrow under this
Section 2.01(a).



(b) Letters of Credit. Each Issuing Bank agrees, on the terms and
conditions hereinafter set forth, to issue letters of credit (each, a “Letter
of Credit”) for the account of the Borrower from time to time on any Business
Day during the period from the Effective Date until 30 days before the
Termination Date in an aggregate Available Amount (i) for all Letters of Credit
issued by each Issuing Bank not to exceed at any time the lesser of (x) the
Letter of Credit Facility at such time and (y) such Issuing Bank’s Letter of
Credit Commitment at such time and (ii) for each such Letter of Credit not to exceed
an amount equal to
the Unused Revolving Credit Commitments



13















of the Revolving Credit Lenders at such
time. Each Letter of Credit shall be for an amount of $40,000 or more. No
Letter of Credit shall have an expiration date (including all rights of the
Borrower or the beneficiary to require renewal) later than the earlier of (x)
the date that is one year after the date of issuance thereof or (y) 10 Business
Days prior to the Termination Date. Within the limits referred to above, the
Borrower may request the issuance of Letters of Credit under this Section
2.01(b), repay any Revolving Credit Advances resulting from drawings thereunder
pursuant to Section 2.03(c) and request the issuance of additional Letters of
Credit under this Section 2.01(b). Each letter of credit listed on Schedule
2.01(b) shall be deemed to constitute a Letter of Credit issued hereunder, and
each Lender or each Affiliate of a Lender that is an issuer of such a Letter of
Credit shall, for purposes of Section 2.03, be deemed to be an Issuing Bank for
each such letter of credit, provided than any renewal or replacement of any
such letter of credit shall be issued by an Issuing Bank pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement.




(c) The Term Advances. Each Term Lender severally agrees, on the terms
and conditions hereinafter set forth, to make advances (each, a “Term Advance”)
to the Borrower on any Business Day during the period from the Effective Date
until the first anniversary thereof in an aggregate amount not to exceed such
Lender’s Term Commitment at such time. The Term Borrowing shall consist of
Term Advances made simultaneously by the Term Lenders ratably according to
their Term Commitments. Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(c) and repaid
or prepaid may not be reborrowed.



SECTION 2.02. Making the Advances. (a) Except as otherwise provided in
Section 2.03(c), each Borrowing shall be made on notice, given not later than
(x) 1:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date
of the proposed Borrowing in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Eurodollar
Rate Advances or (y) 1:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the date of the proposed
Borrowing in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Base Rate Advances, by the
Borrower to the Agent, which shall give to each Appropriate Lender prompt
notice thereof by telecopier or telex. Each such notice of a Borrowing (a
“Notice of Borrowing”) shall be by telephone, confirmed immediately in writing,
or telecopier or telex in substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto,
specifying therein the requested (i) date of such Borrowing, (ii) Type of
Advances comprising such Borrowing, (iii) aggregate amount of such Borrowing,
and (iv) in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Eurodollar Rate Advances,
initial Interest Period for each such Advance. Each Appropriate Lender shall,
before 3:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the date of such Borrowing make
available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the Agent at the
Agent’s Account, in same day funds, such Lender’s ratable portion of such
Borrowing. After the Agent’s receipt of such funds and upon fulfillment of the
applicable conditions set forth in Article III, the Agent will make such funds
available to the Borrower at the Agent’s address referred to in Section 8.02.



(b) Anything in subsection (a) above to the contrary notwithstanding, (i)
the Borrower may not select Eurodollar Rate Advances for any Borrowing if the
aggregate amount of such Borrowing is less than $1,000,000 or if the obligation
of the Lenders to make Eurodollar Rate Advances shall then be suspended
pursuant to Section 2.08 or 2.12 and (ii) the Eurodollar Rate Advances may not
be outstanding as part of more than six separate Borrowings.



(c) Each Notice of Borrowing shall be irrevocable and binding on the
Borrower. In the case of any Borrowing that the related Notice of Borrowing
specifies is to be comprised of Eurodollar Rate Advances, the Borrower shall
indemnify each Appropriate Lender against any loss, cost or expense incurred by
such Lender, including, without limitation, any loss (excluding loss of
anticipated profits (including the Applicable Margin)), cost or expense
incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other
funds as a result of any failure to fulfill on or before the date specified in
such Notice of Borrowing for such Borrowing the applicable conditions set forth
in Article III.



(d) Unless the Agent shall have received notice from an Appropriate Lender
prior to the date of any Borrowing under a Facility under which such Lender has
a Commitment that such Lender will not make available to the Agent such
Lender’s ratable portion of such Borrowing, the Agent may assume that such
Lender has made such portion available to the Agent on the date of such
Borrowing in accordance with subsection (a) of this Section 2.02 and the Agent
may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower on such
date a corresponding amount. If and to the extent that such Lender shall not
have so made such ratable portion available to the Agent, such Lender and the Borrower severally agree to repay to the
Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together with interest
thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to



14
















the
Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the Agent, at (i) in the case
of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable at the time to Advances
comprising such Borrowing and (ii) in the case of such Lender, the Federal
Funds Rate. If such Lender shall repay to the Agent such corresponding amount,
such amount so repaid shall constitute such Lender’s Advance as part of such
Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement.




(e) The failure of any Lender to make the Advance to be made by it as part
of any Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation, if any,
hereunder to make its Advance on the date of such Borrowing, but no Lender
shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make the Advance to
be made by such other Lender on the date of any Borrowing.



SECTION 2.03. Issuance of and Drawings and Reimbursement Under Letters of
Credit. (a) Request for Issuance. (i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued
upon notice, given not later than 1:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the fifth
Business Day prior to the date of the proposed issuance of such Letter of
Credit (or on such shorter notice as the applicable Issuing Bank may agree), by
the Borrower to any Issuing Bank, and such Issuing Bank shall give the Agent,
prompt notice thereof by telex, telecopier or cable. Each such notice of
issuance of a Letter of Credit (a “Notice of Issuance”) shall be by telephone,
confirmed immediately in writing, or telecopier or telex, specifying therein
the requested (A) date of such issuance (which shall be a Business Day), (B)
Available Amount of such Letter of Credit, (C) expiration date of such Letter
of Credit (which shall not be later one year after the issuance thereof), (D)
name and address of the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit and (E) form of
such Letter of Credit, and shall be accompanied by such customary application
and agreement for letter of credit as such Issuing Bank may specify to the
Borrower for use in connection with such requested Letter of Credit (a “Letter
of Credit Agreement”). If the requested form of such Letter of Credit is
acceptable to such Issuing Bank in its sole discretion, such Issuing Bank will,
upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article III, make
such Letter of Credit available to the Borrower requesting such issuance at its
office referred to in Section 8.02 or as otherwise agreed with the Borrower in
connection with such issuance. In the event and to the extent that the
provisions of any Letter of Credit Agreement shall conflict with this
Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall govern.



(b) Participations. By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an
amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any
further action on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank or the Revolving
Credit Lenders, such Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Revolving Credit
Lender, and each Revolving Credit Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing
Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender’s Ratable
Share of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of
Credit. The Borrower hereby agrees to each such participation. In
consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Revolving Credit Lender
hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Agent, for the
account of such Issuing Bank, such Lender’s Ratable Share of each drawing made
under a Letter of Credit funded by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the
Borrower on the date made, or of any reimbursement payment required to be
refunded to the Borrower for any reason. Each Revolving Credit Lender
acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant
to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional
and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any
amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and
continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Revolving Credit
Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset,
abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Revolving Credit Lender
further acknowledges and agrees that its participation in each Letter of Credit
will be automatically adjusted to reflect such Lender’s Ratable Share of the
Available Amount of such Letter of Credit at each time such Lender’s Revolving
Credit Commitment is amended pursuant to the operation of Section 2.18, an
assignment in accordance with Section 8.07 or otherwise pursuant to this
Agreement.



(c) Drawing and Reimbursement. The payment by an Issuing Bank of a draft
drawn under any Letter of Credit shall constitute for all purposes of this
Agreement the making by any such Issuing Bank of a Revolving Credit Advance,
which shall be a Base Rate Advance, in the amount of such draft. Each Issuing
Bank shall give prompt notice (and such Issuing Bank will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to deliver such notice within one Business Day) of each
drawing under any Letter of Credit issued by it to the Borrower and the Agent.
Upon written demand by such Issuing Bank, with a copy of such demand to the
Agent, each Revolving Credit Lender shall pay to the Agent such Lender’s
Ratable Share of such outstanding Revolving Credit Advance, by
making available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the
Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank, by deposit to the Agent’s Account,
in same day funds, an amount equal to the portion of the outstanding principal
amount of such Revolving Credit Advance to be funded by such Lender. Promptly
after receipt thereof, the Agent



15















shall transfer such funds to such Issuing
Bank. Each Revolving Credit Lender agrees to fund its Ratable Share of an
outstanding Revolving Credit Advance on (i) the Business Day on which demand
therefor is made by such Issuing Bank, provided that notice of such demand is
given not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on such Business Day, or
(ii) the first Business Day next succeeding such demand if notice of such
demand is given after such time. If and to the extent that any Revolving
Credit Lender shall not have so made the amount of such Revolving Credit
Advance available to the Agent, such Lender agrees to pay to the Agent
forthwith on demand such amount together with interest thereon, for each day
from the date of demand by any such Issuing Bank until the date such amount is
paid to the Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate for its account or the account of
such Issuing Bank, as applicable. If such Revolving Credit Lender shall pay to
the Agent such amount for the account of any such Issuing Bank on any Business
Day, such amount so paid in respect of principal shall constitute a Revolving
Credit Advance made by such Lender on such Business Day for purposes of this
Agreement, and the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Credit Advance
made by such Issuing Bank shall be reduced by such amount on such Business Day.




(d) Letter of Credit Reports. Each Issuing Bank shall furnish (i) to the
Agent on the first Business Day of each month a written report summarizing
issuance and expiration dates of Letters of Credit issued by it during the
preceding month and drawings during such month under all Letters of Credit and
(ii) to the Agent and each Revolving Credit Lender on the first Business Day of
each calendar quarter a written report setting forth the average daily
aggregate Available Amount during the preceding calendar quarter of all Letters
of Credit issued by it.



(e) Failure to Make Revolving Credit Advances. The failure of any
Revolving Credit Lender to make the Revolving Credit Advance to be made by it
on the date specified in Section 2.03(c) shall not relieve any other Revolving
Credit Lender of its obligation hereunder to make its Revolving Credit Advance
on such date, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other
Revolving Credit Lender to make the Revolving Credit Advance to be made by such
other Lender on such date.



SECTION 2.04. Fees. (a) Facility Fee. The Borrower agrees to pay to
the Agent for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender a facility fee on the
aggregate amount of such Lender’s Revolving Credit Commitment from the date
hereof in the case of each Initial Lender and from the effective date specified
in the Assumption Agreement or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to
which it became a Lender in the case of each other Lender until the Termination
Date at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage in
effect from time to time, payable in arrears quarterly on the last day of each
March, June, September and December, commencing June 30, 2004, and on the
Termination Date.



(b) Commitment Fee. The Borrower agrees to pay to the Agent for the
account of each Term Lender a commitment fee on the aggregate amount of such
Lender’s unused Term Commitment from the date hereof in the case of each
Initial Lender and from the effective date specified in the Assumption
Agreement or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a
Lender in the case of each other Lender until the first anniversary of the
Effective Date at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Term Percentage in
effect from time to time, payable in arrears quarterly on the last day of each
March, June, September and December, commencing June 30, 2004, and on the first
anniversary of the Effective Date.



(c) Letter of Credit Fees. (i) The Borrower shall pay to the Agent for
the account of each Revolving Credit Lender a commission on such Lender’s
Ratable Share of the average daily aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of
Credit outstanding from time to time at a rate per annum equal to the
Applicable Margin for Eurocurrency Rate Advances in effect from time to time,
payable in arrears quarterly on the last day of each March, June, September and
December, commencing June 30, 2004, and on the Termination Date, and after the
Termination Date payable upon demand; provided that the Applicable Margin shall
increase by 2% upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of
Default if the Borrower is required to pay default interest pursuant to Section
2.07(b).




(ii) The Borrower shall pay to each Issuing Bank for its own account
such reasonable and customary fronting, issuance, presentation, amendment
and other processing fees as may from time to time be agreed in writing
between the Borrower and such Issuing Bank.



16















(d) Agent’s Fees. The Borrower shall pay to the Agent for its own account
such fees as have been agreed between the Borrower and the Agent.



SECTION 2.05. Termination or Reduction of the Commitments. (a)
Optional. The Borrower shall have the right, upon at least three Business
Days’ notice to the Agent, to terminate in whole or permanently reduce ratably
in part the unused portions of the Term Commitments and the Unused Revolving
Credit Commitments, provided that each partial reduction of a Facility (i)
shall be in the aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of
$1,000,000 in excess thereof and (ii) shall be made ratably among the
Appropriate Lenders in accordance with their Commitments with respect to such
Facility.



(b) Mandatory. On the first anniversary of the Effective Date, after
giving effect to any Term Borrowing made on such date, and from time to time
thereafter upon each repayment or prepayment of the Term Advances, the
aggregate Term Commitments of the Term Lenders shall be automatically and
permanently reduced, on a pro rata basis, by an amount equal to the amount by
which the aggregate Term Commitments immediately prior to such reduction exceed
the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Term Advances then outstanding.



SECTION 2.06. Repayment. (a) Revolving Credit Advances. The Borrower
shall repay to the Agent for the ratable account of the Revolving Credit
Lenders on the Termination Date the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving
Credit Advances then outstanding.



(b) Letter of Credit Reimbursements. The obligations of the Borrower
under this Agreement, any Letter of Credit Agreement and any other agreement or
instrument, in each case, relating to any Letter of Credit shall be
unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement, such Letter of Credit Agreement and such other
agreement or instrument under all circumstances, including, without limitation,
the following circumstances (it being understood that any such payment by the
Borrower is without prejudice to, and does not constitute a waiver of, any
rights the Borrower might have or might acquire as a result of the payment by
any Revolving Credit Lender of any draft or the reimbursement by the Borrower
thereof):




(i) any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any
Letter of Credit, any Letter of Credit Agreement or any other agreement
or instrument, in each case, relating thereto (all of the foregoing
being, collectively, the “L/C Related Documents”);




(ii) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in
any other term of, all or any of the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of any L/C Related Document or any other amendment or waiver of
or any consent to departure from all or any of the L/C Related Documents;




(iii) the existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other right
that the Borrower may have at any time against any beneficiary or any
transferee of a Letter of Credit (or any Persons for which any such
beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), any Issuing Bank, the
Agent, any Lender or any other Person, whether in connection with the
transactions contemplated by the L/C Related Documents or any unrelated
transaction;




(iv) any statement or any other document presented under a Letter of
Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any
respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any
respect;




(v) payment by any Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against
presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with
the terms of such Letter of Credit;




(vi) any exchange, release or non-perfection of any collateral, or
any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any
guarantee, for all or any of the obligations of the Borrower in respect
of the L/C Related Documents; or



17
















(vii) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not
similar to any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, any other
circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a
discharge of, the Borrower or a guarantor.



(c) Term Advances. The Borrower shall repay to the Agent for the ratable
account of the Term Lenders on the Term Loan Maturity Date the aggregate
principal amount of the Term Advances then outstanding.



SECTION 2.07. Interest on Advances. (a) Scheduled Interest. The
Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Advance
owing to each Lender from the date of such Advance until such principal amount
shall be paid in full, at the following rates per annum:




(i) Base Rate Advances. During such periods as such Advance is a
Base Rate Advance, a rate per annum equal at all times to the sum of (x)
the Base Rate in effect from time to time plus (y) the Applicable Margin
in effect from time to time plus (z) with respect to advances other than
Term Advances, the Applicable Utilization Fee, if applicable, in effect
from time to time, payable in arrears quarterly on the last day of each
March, June, September and December during such periods and on the date
such Base Rate Advance shall be Converted or paid in full.




(ii) Eurodollar Rate Advances. During such periods as such Advance
is a Eurodollar Rate Advance, a rate per annum equal at all times during
each Interest Period for such Advance to the sum of (x) the Eurodollar
Rate for such Interest Period for such Advance plus (y) the Applicable
Margin in effect from time to time plus (z) with respect to advances
other than Term Advances, the Applicable Utilization Fee, if applicable,
in effect from time to time, payable in arrears on the last day of such
Interest Period and, if such Interest Period has a duration of more than
three months, on each day that occurs during such Interest Period every
three months from the first day of such Interest Period and on the date
such Eurodollar Rate Advance shall be Converted or paid in full.



(b) Default Interest. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of
an Event of Default under Section 6.01(a), the Agent may, and upon the request
of the Required Lenders shall, require the Borrower to pay interest (“Default
Interest”) on (i) the unpaid principal amount of each Advance owing to each
Lender that is not paid when due, payable in arrears on the dates referred to
in clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above, at a rate per annum equal at all times to 2%
per annum above the rate per annum required to be paid on such Advance pursuant
to clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above and (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by
law, the amount of any interest, fee or other amount payable hereunder that is
not paid when due, from the date such amount shall be due until such amount
shall be paid in full, payable in arrears on the date such amount shall be paid
in full and on demand, at a rate per annum equal at all times to 2% per annum
above the rate per annum required to be paid on Base Rate Advances pursuant to
clause (a)(i) above, provided, however, that following acceleration of the
Advances pursuant to Section 6.01, Default Interest shall accrue and be payable
hereunder whether or not previously required by the Agent.



SECTION 2.08. Interest Rate Determination. (a) Each Reference Bank
agrees to furnish to the Agent timely information for the purpose of
determining each Eurodollar Rate. If any one or more of the Reference Banks
shall not furnish such timely information to the Agent for the purpose of
determining any such interest rate, the Agent shall determine such interest
rate on the basis of timely information furnished by the remaining Reference
Banks. The Agent shall give prompt notice to the Borrower and the Appropriate
Lenders of the applicable interest rate determined by the Agent for purposes of
Section 2.07(a)(i) or (ii), and the rate, if any, furnished by each Reference
Bank for the purpose of determining the interest rate under Section
2.07(a)(ii).



(b) If, with respect to any Eurodollar Rate Advances under any Facility,
the Lenders owed at least 51% of the aggregate principal amount thereof notify
the Agent that the Eurodollar Rate for any Interest Period for such Advances
will not adequately reflect the cost to such Required Lenders of making,
funding or maintaining their respective Eurodollar Rate Advances for such
Interest Period, the Agent shall forthwith so notify the Borrower and the
Appropriate Lenders, whereupon (i) each Eurodollar Rate Advance under such
Facility will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest
Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance, and (ii) the obligation of
the Appropriate Lenders to make, or to Convert Advances into, Eurodollar Rate
Advances shall be suspended



18















until the Agent shall notify the Borrower that such
Lenders have determined that the circumstances causing such suspension no
longer exist.




(c) If the Borrower shall fail to select the duration of any Interest
Period for any Eurodollar Rate Advances in accordance with the provisions
contained in the definition of “Interest Period” in Section 1.01, the Agent
will forthwith so notify the Borrower and the Appropriate Lenders and such
Advances will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest
Period therefor, Convert into a Eurodollar Rate Borrowing having an Interest
Period of one month.



(d) On the date on which the aggregate unpaid principal amount of
Eurodollar Rate Advances comprising any Borrowing shall be reduced, by payment
or prepayment or otherwise, to less than $1,000,000, such Advances shall
automatically Convert into Base Rate Advances.



(e) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of
Default, (i) each Eurodollar Rate Advance will automatically, on the last day
of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance
and (ii) the obligation of the Lenders to make, or to Convert Advances into,
Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be suspended.



(f) If Moneyline Telerate Markets Page 3750 is unavailable and fewer than
two Reference Banks furnish timely information to the Agent for determining the
Eurodollar Rate for any Eurodollar Rate Advances,




(i) the Agent shall forthwith notify the Borrower and the
Appropriate Lenders that the interest rate cannot be determined for such
Eurodollar Rate Advances,




(ii) each such Advance will automatically, on the last day of the
then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance
(or if such Advance is then a Base Rate Advance, will continue as a Base
Rate Advance), and




(iii) the obligation of the Lenders to make Eurodollar Rate Advances
or to Convert Advances into Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be suspended
until the Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that the
circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.



SECTION 2.09. Optional Conversion of Advances. The Borrower may on any
Business Day, upon notice given to the Agent not later than 1:00 P.M. (New York
City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed
Conversion and subject to the provisions of Sections 2.08 and 2.12, Convert all
or any portion of Advances of one Type comprising the same Borrowing into
Advances of the other Type; provided, however, that any Conversion of Base Rate
Advances into Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be in an amount not less than the
minimum amount specified in Section 2.02(b), no Conversion of any Advances
shall result in more separate Borrowings than permitted under Section 2.02(b)
and each Conversion of Advances comprising part of the same Borrowing under any
Facility shall be made ratably among the Appropriate Lenders in accordance with
their Commitments under such Facility and provided, further that for any
Conversion of Eurodollar Rate Advances into Base Rate Advances made other than
on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Advances the
Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the Lenders in respect thereof
pursuant to Section 8.04(c). Each such notice of a Conversion shall, within
the restrictions specified above, specify (i) the date of such Conversion, (ii)
the Advances to be Converted, and (iii) if such Conversion is into Eurodollar
Rate Advances, the duration of the initial Interest Period for each such
Advance. Each notice of Conversion shall be irrevocable and binding on the
Borrower.



SECTION 2.10. Prepayments of Advances. The Borrower may, upon notice at
least two Business Days’ prior to the date of such prepayment, in the case of
Eurodollar Rate Advances, and not later than 1:00 P.M. (New York City time) on
the date of such prepayment, in the case of Base Rate Advances, to the Agent
stating the proposed date and aggregate principal amount of the prepayment, and
if such notice is given the Borrower shall, prepay the outstanding principal
amount of the Advances comprising part of the same Borrowing in whole or
ratably in part, together with accrued interest to the date of such prepayment
on the principal amount prepaid; provided, however, that (x) each partial
prepayment shall be in an aggregate principal amount of $3,000,000 or an
integral



19















multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and (y) in the event of any
such prepayment of a Eurodollar Rate Advance, the Borrower shall be obligated
to reimburse the Lenders in respect thereof pursuant to Section 8.04(c).




SECTION 2.11. Increased Costs. (a) If, due to either (i) the
introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law or
regulation or (ii) the compliance with any guideline or request from any
central bank or other Governmental Authority (whether or not having the force
of law), there shall be any increase in the cost to any Lender of agreeing to
make or making, funding or maintaining Eurodollar Rate Advances or agreeing to
issue or of issuing or maintaining or participating in Letters of Credit
(excluding for purposes of this Section 2.11 any such increased costs
resulting from (i) Taxes or Other Taxes (as to which Section 2.14 shall
govern), (ii) changes in the basis of taxation of overall net income or overall
gross income by the United States or by the foreign jurisdiction or state under
the laws of which such Lender is organized or has its Applicable Lending Office
or any political subdivision thereof and (iii) any such costs reflected in the
Eurodollar Rate Reserve Percentage), then the Borrower shall from time to time,
upon demand by such Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Agent), pay to
the Agent for the account of such Lender additional amounts sufficient to
compensate such Lender for such increased cost. A certificate as to the amount
of such increased cost, submitted to the Borrower and the Agent by such Lender,
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.



(b) Except to the extent reflected in the Eurodollar Rate Reserve
Percentage, if any Lender determines that compliance with any law or regulation
or any guideline or request from any central bank or other Governmental
Authority (whether or not having the force of law) affects or would affect the
amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by such Lender or any
corporation controlling such Lender and that the amount of such capital is
increased by or based upon the existence of such Lender’s commitment to lend or
to issue or participate in Letters of Credit hereunder and other commitments of
this type or the issuance or maintenance of or participation in the Letters of
Credit (or similar contingent obligations), then, upon demand by such Lender
(with a copy of such demand to the Agent), the Borrower shall pay to the Agent
for the account of such Lender, from time to time as specified by such Lender,
additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender or such corporation in
the light of such circumstances, to the extent that such Lender reasonably
determines such increase in capital to be allocable to the existence of such
Lender’s commitment to lend or to issue or participate in Letters of Credit
hereunder or the issuance or maintenance of or participation in the Letters of
Credit. A certificate as to such amounts submitted to the Borrower and the
Agent by such Lender shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error.



(c) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation
pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender’s right
to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required
to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or
reductions incurred more than six months prior to the date that such Lender
notifies the Borrower of the change or circumstance giving rise to such
increased costs or reductions and of such Lender’s intention to claim
compensation therefor; provided further that, if the change or circumstance
giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the
six-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of
retroactive effect thereof.



SECTION 2.12. Illegality. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement, if any Lender shall notify the Agent that the introduction of or any
change in or in the interpretation of any law or regulation makes it unlawful,
or any central bank or other Governmental Authority asserts that it is
unlawful, for any Lender or its Eurodollar Lending Office to perform its
obligations hereunder to make Eurodollar Rate Advances or to fund or maintain
Eurodollar Rate Advances hereunder, (a) each Eurodollar Rate Advance under the
Facility under which such Lender has a Commitment will automatically, upon the
last day of the applicable Interest Period or, if required by applicable law,
immediately upon such demand, Convert into a Base Rate Advance and (b) the
obligation of the Appropriate Lenders to make Eurodollar Rate Advances or to
Convert Advances into Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be suspended until
the Agent shall notify the Borrower that such Lender has determined that the
circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.



SECTION 2.13. Payments and Computations. (a) The Borrower shall make
each payment hereunder, irrespective of any right of counterclaim or set-off,
not later than 1:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the day when due in U.S.
dollars to the Agent at the Agent’s Account in same day funds. The Agent will
promptly thereafter cause to be distributed like funds relating to the payment
of principal, interest, fees or commissions ratably (other than amounts payable
pursuant to Section 2.04(b)(ii), 2.11, 2.14 or 8.04(c)) to the Lenders for the
account of



20















their respective Applicable Lending Offices, and like funds relating
to the payment of any other amount payable to any Lender to such Lender for the
account of its Applicable Lending Office, in each case to be applied in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Upon any Assuming Lender becoming
a Lender hereunder as a result of a Commitment Increase pursuant to Section
2.18, and upon the Agent’s receipt of such Lender’s Assumption Agreement and
recording of the information contained therein in the Register, from and after
the applicable Increase Date the Agent shall make all payments hereunder and
under any Notes issued in connection therewith in respect of the interest
assumed thereby to the Assuming Lender. Upon its acceptance of an Assignment
and Acceptance and recording of the information contained therein in the
Register pursuant to Section 8.07(c), from and after the effective date
specified in such Assignment and Acceptance, the Agent shall make all payments
hereunder and under the Notes in respect of the interest assigned thereby to
the Lender assignee thereunder, and the parties to such Assignment and
Acceptance shall make all appropriate adjustments in such payments for periods
prior to such effective date directly between themselves.




(b) All computations of interest based on clause (i) of the definition of
“Base Rate” shall be made by the Agent on the basis of a year of 365 or 366
days, as the case may be, and all computations of interest based on the
Eurodollar Rate or the Federal Funds Rate and of fees and Letter of Credit
commissions shall be made by the Agent on the basis of a year of 360 days, in
each case for the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding
the last day) occurring in the period for which such interest, fees or
commissions are payable. Each determination by the Agent of an interest rate
hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest
error.



(c) Whenever any payment hereunder or under the Notes shall be stated to
be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the
next succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be
included in the computation of payment of interest, fee or commission, as the
case may be; provided, however, that, if such extension would cause payment of
interest on or principal of Eurodollar Rate Advances to be made in the next
following calendar month, such payment shall be made on the next preceding
Business Day.



(d) Unless the Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to
the date on which any payment is due to the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower
will not make such payment in full, the Agent may assume that the Borrower has
made such payment in full to the Agent on such date and the Agent may, in
reliance upon such assumption, cause to be distributed to each Lender on such
due date an amount equal to the amount then due such Lender. If and to the
extent the Borrower shall not have so made such payment in full to the Agent,
each Lender shall repay to the Agent forthwith on demand such amount
distributed to such Lender together with interest thereon, for each day from
the date such amount is distributed to such Lender until the date such Lender
repays such amount to the Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate.



(e) If the Agent receives funds for application to the obligations
hereunder under circumstances for which neither this Agreement nor the Borrower
specify the Advances or the Facility to which, or the manner in which, such
funds are to be applied, the Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, elect to
distribute such funds to each Lender ratably in accordance with such Lender’s
proportionate share of the principal amount of all outstanding Advances and the
Available Amount of all Letters of Credit then outstanding, in repayment or
prepayment of such of the outstanding Advances or other obligations owed to
such Lender, and for application to such principal installments, as the Agent
shall direct.



SECTION 2.14. Taxes. (a) Any and all payments by or an account of any
obligation of the Borrower hereunder shall be made free and clear of and
without deduction for any
Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes; provided that if the Borrower shall be
required to deduct any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes from such payments,
then (i) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making
all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums
payable under this Section) the Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank (as the case may
be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such
deductions been made, (ii) the Borrower shall make such deductions and (iii)
the Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental
Authority in accordance with applicable law.



(b) In addition, the Borrower shall pay any Other Taxes to the relevant
Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.



21















(c) The Borrower shall indemnify the Agent, each Lender and each Issuing
Bank, within 10 days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any
Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes
imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section)
paid by the Agent, such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, and any
penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect
thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or
legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A
certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the
Borrower by a Lender or an Issuing Bank, or by the Agent on its own behalf or
on behalf of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, shall be conclusive absent manifest
error.



(d) As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other
Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority, the Borrower shall deliver
to the Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such
Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting
such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the
Agent.



(e) Any Foreign Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction
of withholding tax under the law of the jurisdiction in which the Borrower is
located, or any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to
payments under this Agreement shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the
Agent), at the time or times prescribed by applicable law or reasonably
requested by the Borrower, such properly completed and executed documentation
prescribed by applicable law as will permit such payments to be made without
withholding or at a reduced rate. Each Foreign Lender will, on or prior to the
date of its execution and delivery of this Agreement in the case of each
Initial Lender and on the date of the Assumption Agreement or the Assignment
and Acceptance pursuant to which it becomes a Lender in the case of each other
Lender, and from time to time thereafter as reasonably requested in writing by
the Borrower (but only so long as such Lender remains lawfully able to do so),
shall provide each of the Agent and the Borrower with two original Internal
Revenue Service Forms W-8BEN or W-8ECI, as appropriate, or any successor or
other form prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service, certifying that such
Lender is exempt from or entitled to a reduced rate of United States
withholding tax on payments pursuant to this Agreement or the Notes.



SECTION 2.15. Sharing of Payments, Etc. If any Lender shall obtain any
payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of
set-off, or otherwise) on account of the Advances owing to it (other than
pursuant to Section 2.11, 2.14 or 8.04(c)) in excess of its ratable share of
payments on account of the Advances obtained by all the Lenders, such Lender
shall forthwith purchase from the other Lenders such participations in the
Advances owing to them as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to
share the excess payment ratably with each of them; provided, however, that if
all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from such
purchasing Lender, such purchase from each Lender shall be rescinded and such
Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price to the extent of
such recovery together with an amount equal to such Lender’s ratable share
(according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Lender’s required
repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of
any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Lender in
respect of the total amount so recovered provided further that, so long as the
obligations under this Agreement and the Notes shall not have been accelerated,
any excess payment received by any Appropriate Lender shall be shared on a pro
rata basis only with other Appropriate Lenders. The Borrower agrees that any
Lender so purchasing a participation from another Lender pursuant to this
Section 2.15 may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise all its
rights of payment (including the right of set-off) with respect to such
participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the
Borrower in the amount of such participation.



SECTION 2.16. Evidence of Debt. (a) Each Lender shall maintain in
accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the
indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Advance owing
to such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and
interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder in respect
of Advances. The Borrower agrees that upon notice by any Lender to the
Borrower (with a copy of such notice to the Agent) to the effect that a Note is
required or appropriate in order for such Lender to evidence (whether for
purposes of pledge, enforcement or otherwise) the Advances owing to, or to be
made by, such Lender, the Borrower shall promptly execute and deliver to such
Lender a Revolving Credit Note and a Term Note, as applicable, in substantially
the form of Exhibits A-1 and A-2 hereto, respectively, payable to the order of
such Lender in a principal amount equal to the Revolving Credit Commitment and
the Term Commitment, respectively, of such Lender.



22















(b) The Register maintained by the Agent pursuant to Section 8.07(d) shall
include a control account, and a subsidiary account for each Lender, in which
accounts (taken together) shall be recorded (i) the date and amount of each
Borrowing made hereunder, the Type of Advances comprising such Borrowing and,
if appropriate, the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the terms of each
Assumption Agreement and each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and
accepted by it, (iii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable
or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and
(iv) the amount of any sum received by the Agent from the Borrower hereunder
and each Lender’s share thereof.



(c) Entries made in good faith by the Agent in the Register pursuant to
subsection (b) above, and by each Lender in its account or accounts pursuant to
subsection (a) above, shall be prima facie evidence of the amount of principal
and interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to,
in the case of the Register, each Lender and, in the case of such account or
accounts, such Lender, under this Agreement, absent manifest error; provided,
however, that the failure of the Agent or such Lender to make an entry, or any
finding that an entry is incorrect, in the Register or such account or accounts
shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Borrower under this
Agreement.



SECTION 2.17. Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Advances shall be
available (and the Borrower agrees that it shall use such proceeds) for general
corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries.



SECTION 2.18. Increase in the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments.
(a) The Borrower may, not more than once in any calendar year prior to the
Termination Date, by notice to the Agent, request that the aggregate amount of
the Revolving Credit Commitments be increased by an amount of $10,000,000 or an
integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof (each a “Commitment
Increase”) to be effective as of a date that is at least 90 days prior to the
scheduled Termination Date then in effect (the “Increase Date”) as specified in
the related notice to the Agent; provided, however that (i) in no event shall
the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments at any time exceed
$450,000,000 and (ii) on the date of any request by the Borrower for a
Commitment Increase and on the related Increase Date, the applicable conditions
set forth in Article III shall be satisfied.



(b) The Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders and such other Eligible
Assignees as the Borrower may identify of a request by the Borrower for a
Commitment Increase, which notice shall include (i) the proposed amount of such
requested Commitment Increase, (ii) the proposed Increase Date and (iii) the
date by which Lenders and such Eligible Assignees wishing to participate in the
Commitment Increase must commit to an increase in the amount of their
respective Commitments (the “Commitment Date”). Each Lender that is willing to
participate in such requested Commitment Increase (each an “Increasing Lender”)
and each Eligible Assignee that is willing to participate in such requested
Commitment Increase (each, an “Assuming Lender”) shall, in its sole discretion,
give written notice to the Agent on or prior to the Commitment Date of the
amount by which it is willing to participate in such Commitment Increase;
provided, however, that the Revolving Credit Commitment of each such Assuming
Lender shall be in an amount of $5,000,000 or an integral multiple of
$1,000,000 in excess thereof. If the Lenders and Assuming Lenders notify the
Agent that they are willing to increase the amount of their respective
Revolving Credit Commitments by an aggregate amount that exceeds the amount of
the requested Commitment Increase, the requested Commitment Increase shall be
allocated among the Lenders and Assuming Lenders willing to participate therein
in such amounts as are agreed between the Borrower and the Agent.



(c) Promptly following each Commitment Date, the Agent shall notify the
Borrower as to the amount, if any, by which the Increasing Lenders and Assuming
Lenders are willing to participate in the requested Commitment Increase. On
each Increase Date, each Assuming Lender shall become a Lender party to this
Agreement as of such Increase Date and the Revolving Credit Commitment of each
Increasing Lender for such requested Commitment Increase shall be so increased
by such amount (or by the amount allocated to such Lender pursuant to the last
sentence of Section 2.18(b)) as of such Increase Date; provided, however, that
the Agent shall have received on or before such Increase Date the following,
each dated such date:




(i) (A) certified copies of resolutions of the Board of Directors of
the Borrower or the Executive Committee of such Board approving the
Commitment Increase and the corresponding



23
















modifications to this Agreement
and (B) an opinion of counsel for the Borrower (which may be in-house
counsel), confirming the opinion delivered pursuant to Section
3.01(e)(iv);




(ii) an assumption agreement from each Assuming Lender, if any, in
form and substance satisfactory to the Borrower and the Agent (each an
“Assumption Agreement”), duly executed by such Eligible Assignee, the
Agent and the Borrower; and




(iii) confirmation from each Increasing Lender of the increase in
the amount of its Revolving Credit Commitment in a writing satisfactory
to the Borrower and the Agent.



On each Increase Date, upon fulfillment of the conditions set forth in the
immediately preceding sentence of this Section 2.18(c), the Agent shall notify
the Lenders (including, without limitation, each Assuming Lender) and the
Borrower, on or before 1:00 P.M. (New York City time), by telecopier or telex,
of the occurrence of the Commitment Increase to be effected on such Increase
Date and shall record in the Register the relevant information with respect to
each Increasing Lender and each Assuming Lender on such date. Each Increasing
Lender and each Assuming Lender shall, as of the Increase Date, fund their
respective Ratable Shares of each Revolving Credit Borrowing then outstanding,
which funds the Agent shall distribute to the other Lenders to effect a funding
of each such Borrowing by each of the Lenders (including the Increasing Lenders
and the Assuming Lenders) ratably in accordance with their Ratable Shares after
giving effect to the applicable Commitment Increase and, if the applicable
Increase Date is not the last day of an Interest Period, the Borrower shall be
obligated to reimburse the Lenders in respect thereof pursuant to Section
8.04(c).




ARTICLE III




CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS AND LENDING




SECTION 3.01. Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness of Section 2.01.
Section 2.01 of this Agreement shall become effective on and as of the first
date (the “Effective Date”) on which the following conditions precedent have
been satisfied:



(a) Nothing shall have come to the attention of the Lenders during the
course of their due diligence investigation to lead them to believe that the
Information Memorandum, together with any update supplied by the Borrower to
the Lenders, was or has become misleading, incorrect or incomplete in any
material respect; without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Lenders
shall have been given such access to the management, records, books of account,
contracts and properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as they shall
have requested.



(b) The Borrower shall have notified each Lender and the Agent in writing
as to the proposed Effective Date.



(c) The Borrower shall have paid all reasonable invoiced fees and expenses
of the Agent and the Lenders (including the fees and expenses of counsel to the
Agent).



(d) On the Effective Date, the following statements shall be true and the
Agent shall have received for the account of each Lender a certificate signed
by a duly authorized officer of the Borrower, dated the Effective Date, stating
that:




(i) The representations and warranties contained in Section
4.01 are correct on and as of the Effective Date, and




(ii) No event has occurred and is continuing that constitutes
a Default.



(e) The Agent shall have received on or before the Effective Date the
following, each dated such day, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent
and (except for the Notes) in sufficient copies for each Lender:



24
















(i) The Notes to the order of the Lenders to the extent requested by
any Lender pursuant to Section 2.16.




(ii) Certified copies of the resolutions of the Board of Directors
of the Borrower approving this Agreement and the Notes, and of all
documents evidencing other necessary corporate action and governmental
approvals, if any, with respect to this Agreement and the Notes.




(iii) A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of
the Borrower certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of
the Borrower authorized to sign this Agreement and the Notes and the
other documents to be delivered hereunder.




(iv) A reasonably acceptable opinion of Ronald Ciancio, general
counsel of the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit D hereto.




(v) A reasonably acceptable opinion of Shearman & Sterling LLP,
counsel for the Agent, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent.



(f) The Borrower shall have terminated the commitments and paid in full
all of the Debt, interest, fees and other amounts outstanding under (i) the
Three Year Credit Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2003, among the Borrower, the
lenders parties thereto and Citicorp USA, Inc., as administrative agent, (ii)
the Credit Agreement [Three Year], dated as of June 22, 2001, among the
Borrower, the lenders parties thereto and The Chase Manhattan Bank, as
administrative agent, and (iii) the Credit Agreement [Three Year], dated as of
July 2, 2002, among the Borrower, the lenders parties thereto and The Chase
Manhattan Bank, as administrative agent. By execution of this Agreement, each
of the Lenders that is a lender under each such credit agreement hereby waives
any requirement set forth in such credit agreement of prior notice of the
termination of the commitments thereunder.



SECTION 3.02. Conditions Precedent to Each Borrowing, Commitment Increase
and Issuance. The obligation of each Lender to make an Advance on the occasion
of each Borrowing, each Commitment Increase and the obligations of each Issuing
Bank to issue a Letter of Credit shall be subject to the conditions precedent
that the Effective Date shall have occurred and on the date of such Borrowing,
the applicable Increase Date or such issuance (a) the following statements
shall be true (and each of the giving of the applicable Notice of Borrowing,
request for Commitment Increase, Notice of Issuance and the acceptance by the
Borrower of the proceeds of such Borrowing shall constitute a representation
and warranty by the Borrower that on the date of such Borrowing, such Increase
Date or such issuance such statements are true):




(i) the representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01
(except the representations set forth in subsection (d)(ii) thereof and
in subsection (f) thereof) are correct on and as of such date, before and
after giving effect to such Borrowing, such Commitment Increase or such
issuance and to the application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made
on and as of such date,




(ii) no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from
such Borrowing, such Commitment Increase or such issuance or from the
application of the proceeds therefrom, that constitutes a Default; and




(iii) in the case of a Borrowing or issuance at any time that the
Public Debt Rating is not BBB or better from S&P or Baa2 or better from
Moody’s, the Indenture Limit, calculated using the Borrower’s most recent
available information, exceeds the aggregate principal amount of the
Advances plus the Available Amount of the Letters of Credit to be
outstanding after giving effect to such Borrowing or issuance,
respectively;



and (b) the Agent shall have received such other documents as any Lender
through the Agent may reasonably request.




25


















SECTION 3.03. Determinations Under Section 3.01. For purposes of
determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section 3.01, each
Lender shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be
satisfied with each document or other matter required thereunder to be
consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Lenders unless
an officer of the Agent responsible for the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the date that
the Borrower, by notice to the Lenders, designates as the proposed Effective
Date, specifying its objection thereto. The Agent shall promptly notify the
Lenders of the occurrence of the Effective Date.



ARTICLE IV




REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES




SECTION 4.01. Representations and Warranties. The Borrower represents
and warrants as follows:



(a) Organization; Powers. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to
carry on its business as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so,
individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good
standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required.



(b) Authorization; Enforceability. The Transactions are within the
Borrower’s corporate powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate and, if required, stockholder action. This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes a legal, valid and
binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its terms,
subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
other laws affecting creditors’ rights generally and subject to general
principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in
equity or at law.



(c) Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts. The Transactions (i) do not
require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other
action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or
made and are in full force and effect, (ii) will not violate any applicable law
or regulation or the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any order of any Governmental Authority,
(iii) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or
other instrument binding upon the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or its
assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and (iv) will not result in the
creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries.



(d) Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change. (i) The Borrower has
heretofore furnished to the Lenders its consolidated balance sheet and
statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows (A) as of and for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2003, reported on by Ernst & Young LLP,
independent public
accountants, and (B) as of and for the fiscal quarter and the portion of
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2004, certified by its chief financial officer.
Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and
its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in
accordance with GAAP, consistently applied, subject to year-end audit
adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the statements referred
to in clause (B) above.




(ii) Except for disclosures, if any, made in filings by the Borrower
prior to the date hereof pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, since December 31, 2003, there has been no material
adverse change in the business, assets, operations or condition,
financial or otherwise, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole.



(e) Properties. (i) Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has good
title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its real and personal property
material to its business, except for minor defects in title that



26















do not
interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or to
utilize such properties for their intended purposes.





(ii) Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed
to use, all trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents and other
intellectual property material to its business, and the use thereof by
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries does not infringe upon the rights of
any other Person, except for any such infringements that, individually or
in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect.



(f) Litigation and Environmental Matters. (i) There are no actions, suits
or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending
against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against or affecting
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (A) which are likely, individually or
in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect (other than the
Disclosed Litigation) or (B) that involve this Agreement or the Transactions.




(ii) Except for the Disclosed Litigation and except with respect to
any other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, are not likely
to result in a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Borrower nor any of
its Subsidiaries (A) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or
to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval
required under any Environmental Law, (B) has become subject to any
Environmental Liability, (C) has received notice of any claim with
respect to any Environmental Liability or (D) knows of any basis for any
Environmental Liability.




(iii) Since the date of this Agreement, there has been no change in
the status of the Disclosed Litigation that, individually or in the
aggregate, has resulted in, or materially increased the likelihood of, a
Material Adverse Effect.



(g) Compliance with Laws and Agreements. Each of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws, regulations and orders of any
Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and all indentures,
agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property, except where
the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and
is continuing.



(h) Investment and Holding Company Status. Neither the Borrower nor any
of its Subsidiaries is (i) an “investment company” as defined in, or subject to
regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940 or (ii) a “holding
company” as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Public Utility
Holding Company Act of 1935.



(i) Taxes. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or
caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and
has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it,
except (i) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings and for which the
Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books
adequate reserves or (ii) to the extent that the failure to do so could not
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.



(j) ERISA. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur
that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability
is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect. The present value of all accumulated benefit
obligations under each Plan (based on the assumptions used for purposes of
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) as of the date of the most
recent financial statements reflecting such amounts: (i) did not exceed the
fair market value of the assets of such Plan by an aggregate amount in excess
of $25,000,000 or (ii) if such shortfall is in excess of such amount, such
shortfall could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.



(k) Disclosure. None of the reports, financial statements, certificates
or other information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Agent or
any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this



27















Agreement or delivered
hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished)
contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact
necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to
projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such
information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be
reasonable at the time.




ARTICLE V




COVENANTS




SECTION 5.01. Affirmative Covenants. Until the Commitments and Letters
of Credit have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on
each Advance and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full, the
Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that:



(a) Financial Statements and Other Information. The Borrower will furnish
to the Agent:




(i) within 105 days after the end of each fiscal year of the
Borrower, its audited consolidated balance sheet and related statements
of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows as of the end of and
for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures
for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by Ernst & Young LLP or
other independent public accountants of recognized national standing
(without a going “concern” or like qualification or exception and without
any qualification or material exception as to the scope of such audit) to
the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in
all material respects the financial condition and results of operations
of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis
in accordance with GAAP consistently applied (the furnishing of the
Borrower’s Form 10-K will satisfy the requirements of this Section
5.01(a)(i));




(ii) within 55 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal
quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, its consolidated balance
sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash
flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed
portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative
form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the
case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year,
all certified by one of its Financial Officers as presenting fairly in
all material respects the financial condition and results of operations
of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis
in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end
audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes (the furnishing of the
Borrower’s Form 10-Q will satisfy the requirements of this Section
5.01(a)(ii));




(iii) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under
clause (i) or (ii) above, a certificate of a Financial Officer of the
Borrower (A) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred since the
delivery of the previous such certificate, or, with respect to the first
such certificate, the date hereof and,
if such Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any
action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (B) setting
forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating compliance with
Sections 5.02(a) and 5.03 and (C) stating whether any change in GAAP or
in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the audited
financial statements referred to in Section 4.01(d) and, if any such
change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the
financial statements accompanying such certificate;




(iv) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under
clause (i) above, a certificate of the accounting firm that reported on
such financial statements stating whether they obtained knowledge during
the course of their examination of such financial statements of any
Default (which certificate may be limited to the extent required by
accounting rules or guidelines);




(v) promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all
periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other material
information filed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary with the



28
















Securities
and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any
or all of the functions of said Commission, or with any national
securities exchange, as the case may be; and




(vi) promptly following any request therefor, such other information
regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the
Borrower or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of this
Agreement, as the Agent or any Lender may reasonably request.



(b) Notices of Material Events. The Borrower will furnish to the Agent
prompt written notice of the following:




(i) the occurrence of any Default;




(ii) the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by
or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting
the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof that are likely to result in a
Material Adverse Effect;




(iii) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that could reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and




(iv) any other development that results in a Material Adverse
Effect.



Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of
a Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower setting forth
the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action
taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto.




(c) Existence; Conduct of Business. The Borrower will, and will cause
each of its Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to
preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the
rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of
its business; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger,
consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 5.02.(b).



(d) Payment of Obligations. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its
Subsidiaries to, pay its obligations, including Tax liabilities, that, if not
paid, could result in a Material Adverse Effect before the same shall become
delinquent or in default, except where (i) the validity or amount thereof is
being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (ii) the Borrower or
such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect
thereto in accordance with GAAP and (iii) the failure to make payment pending
such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.



(e) Maintenance of Properties; Insurance. The Borrower will, and will
cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (i) keep and maintain all property material
to the conduct of its business in good working order and
condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and (ii) maintain, with
financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts
and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in
the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations, in
each case, except to the extent that the failure to maintain any such insurance
could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.



(f) Books and Records; Inspection Rights. The Borrower will, and will
cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record and account in
which full, true and correct entries are made of all dealings and transactions
in relation to its business and activities. The Borrower will, and will cause
each of its Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives designated by the Agent
or any Lender, upon reasonable prior notice and (unless an Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing, at the expense of the Agent or such Lender, as the
case may be), to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts
from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition
with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and
as often as reasonably requested.



29















(g) Compliance with Laws. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its
Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any
Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except where the
failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.



(h) Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Advances will be used only for
general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary
course of business. No part of the proceeds of any Advance will be used,
whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any
of the regulations of the Federal Reserve Board, including Regulations U and X.



SECTION 5.02. Negative Covenants. Until the Commitments and Letters of
Credit have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each
Advance and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full the Borrower
covenants and agrees with the Lenders that:



(a) Negative Pledge. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any
Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien in, of or on
any property of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, whether now owned or
hereafter acquired, except:




(i) Liens created for the benefit of the Lenders;




(ii) Liens existing on the date of this Agreement;




(iii) Permitted Encumbrances;




(iv) Liens on property of a Subsidiary of the Borrower to secure
only obligations owing to the Borrower or another such Subsidiary or
Liens on property of any Person which becomes a Subsidiary of the
Borrower after the date of this Agreement, provided that such Liens are
in existence at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower
and were not created in anticipation thereof;




(v) Liens upon real and/or tangible personal property acquired after
the date hereof (by purchase, construction or otherwise) by the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries, each of which Liens either (A) existed on
such property before the time of its acquisition and was not created in
anticipation thereof, or (B) was created solely for the purpose of
securing Indebtedness representing, or incurred to finance, refinance or
refund, the cost (including the cost of construction) of such property;
provided that no such Lien shall extend to or cover any property of the
Borrower or such Subsidiary other than the property so acquired and
improvements thereon; provided, further, that the principal amount of
Indebtedness secured by any such Lien shall at no time exceed the fair
market value (as determined in good faith by a senior financial officer
of the Borrower) of such property at the time such Lien is created; and
provided finally, that such Lien attaches to such asset concurrently with
or within 18 months of acquisition thereof;




(vi) Liens on assets related to railcar operating leases (including,
but not limited to, car service contracts and cash collateral accounts
funded with revenues under such leases) securing obligations of the
Borrower or a Subsidiary under such lease;




(vii) attachment, judgment and other similar Liens arising in
connection with court proceedings, provided that (A) the execution or
other enforcement of such Liens in an aggregate amount exceeding
$25,000,000 is effectively stayed and (B) the claims secured thereby are
being actively contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings;




(viii) Liens securing Secured Nonrecourse Obligations,




(ix) in addition to the Liens permitted in the foregoing clauses (i)
through (vii) of this Section 5.02(a), Liens incurred in the ordinary
course of business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, provided



30
















that
the aggregate amount of Indebtedness secured by Liens pursuant to this
clause (ix) shall not at any time exceed $250,000;




(x) any extension, renewal or replacement, or the combination of,
the foregoing, provided, however, that the Liens permitted hereunder
shall not be spread to cover any additional Indebtedness or property
(other than a substitution of like property), and




(xi) additional Liens upon real and/or personal property of the
Borrower or such Subsidiary created after the date hereof so long as
Unsecured Debt (as defined below) shall not, at any time, exceed Eligible
Assets (as defined below).




For the purposes of Section 5.02(a)(xi):




“Eligible Assets” means the difference, as at any date of
determination, of the following (each of the following items being the
consolidated amounts as reflected in the Borrower’s balance sheet (and/or
notes thereto) delivered in accordance with Section 5.01(a)(i) or (ii)
hereof): (A) the sum of (i) cash plus (ii) available for sale securities
plus (iii) direct financing leases plus (iv) loans plus (v) operating
lease assets, facilities and other– net plus (vi) 50% of investment in
joint ventures plus (vii) assets held (or contracted to be acquired) for
sale and lease plus (viii) investment in future residuals minus (B)
encumbered assets.




“Unsecured Debt” means the sum, as at any date of determination, of
the following (each of the following items being the consolidated amounts
as reflected in the Borrower’s balance sheet (and/or notes thereto)
delivered in accordance with Section 5.01(a)(i) or (ii) hereof): (i)
commercial paper and bankers acceptances plus (ii) notes payable
(including without limitation, any indebtedness payable in respect of
borrowings under existing unsecured credit facilities) plus (iii) Capital
Lease Obligations plus (iv) senior term notes, so long as, in each case,
such item is unsecured.



(b) Fundamental Changes. (i) The Borrower will not, and will not permit
any Material Subsidiary (other than American Steamship Company) to, merge into
or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into
or consolidate with it, or sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (in
one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its
assets, or all or substantially all of the stock of any of its Material
Subsidiaries (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired), or
liquidate or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately
after giving effect thereto no Default shall have occurred and be continuing
(A) the Borrower may merge into GATX Corporation, in a transaction in which
GATX Corporation or the Borrower is the surviving corporation, (B) any Person
may merge into the Borrower in a transaction in which the Borrower is the
surviving corporation, (C) any Person may merge into any Material Subsidiary in
a transaction in which the surviving entity is a Material Subsidiary, (D) any
Material Subsidiary may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its
assets to the Borrower or to another Material Subsidiary or, in an arm’s length
transaction, to any other Person and (E) any Material Subsidiary may liquidate
or dissolve if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or
dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially
disadvantageous to
the Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section
5.02(b), GATX Technology Services Corporation and GATX Technology Finance, Inc.
may sell all or substantially all of their assets or the Borrower may sell the
stock of GATX Technology Services Corporation.




(ii) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, engage to any material extent in any business other than
businesses of the type conducted by the Borrower and its subsidiaries on
the date of execution of this Agreement, and businesses reasonably
related thereto, including, without limitation, the business of leasing,
investing in, financing and selling transportation, industrial and
commercial equipment and commercial and other real estate investment
property and companies and activities related thereto.



(c) Transactions with Affiliates. The Borrower will not, and will not
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any
property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any



31















property or
assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its
Affiliates, except (i) at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable
to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm’s-length
basis from unrelated third parties, (ii) transactions between or among the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries not involving any other Affiliate and (iii) any
transaction permitted by Section 5.02(b); provided that the foregoing
provisions of this Section 5.02(c) shall not prohibit any such Person from
declaring or paying any lawful dividend so long as, after giving effect
thereto, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing.




(d) Restrictive Agreements. The Borrower will not, and will not permit
any of its Material Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into, incur
or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts
or imposes any condition upon (i) the ability of the Borrower or any Material
Subsidiary (other than any member of the KVG Group, GATX Rail Canada
Corporation and American Steamship Company) to create, incur or permit to exist
any Lien upon any of its property or assets, which restriction (or condition)
is more restrictive, in substance, than the restrictions in Section 5.02(a), or
(ii) the ability of any Material Subsidiary (other than any member of the KVG
Group, GATX Rail Canada Corporation and American Steamship Company) to pay
dividends or other distributions with respect to any shares of its capital
stock or to make or repay loans or advances to the Borrower or any other
Subsidiary or to Guarantee Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other
Subsidiary; provided that (A) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and
conditions imposed by law or by this Agreement, (B) the foregoing shall not
apply to restrictions and conditions existing on the date hereof or any
extension or renewal thereof (but shall apply to any amendment or modification
expanding the scope of, any such restriction or condition), (C) the foregoing
shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in
agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary pending such sale, provided
such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary that is to be
sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, (D) clause (i) of the foregoing
shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating
to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or
conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness and
(E) clause (i) of the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in
leases and other contracts restricting the assignment thereof. For the
purposes of this Section 5.02(d), the term “Subsidiary” does not include any
GARC or Single Transaction Subsidiary and “KVG Group” means KVG Kesselwagen
Vermietgesellschaft, m.b.h., KVG Kesselwagen Vermietgesellschaft mbH, DEC Sp.
zo.o. and their respective Subsidiaries.



(e) Fiscal Year. The Borrower will not permit its fiscal year to end on
other than December 31 and for each of is fiscal quarters to end on other than
the last day of standard calendar quarters.



SECTION 5.03. Financial Covenants. Until the Commitments and Letters of
Credit have expired or terminated and the principal and interest on each
Advance and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full the Borrower
covenants and agrees with the Lenders that:



(a) Net Worth. The Borrower will not permit its Net Worth to be, as at
the end of any fiscal quarter, less than $1,100,000,000 and



(b) Fixed Charge Coverage. The Borrower will not permit its Fixed Charge
Coverage Ratio, as at any fiscal quarter end, to be less than 1.30 to 1.



For the purposes of this Section 5.03(b),




“Cash Flow” means, for any period, the sum, for the Borrower and its
consolidated Subsidiaries, of the following: (i) net income, (ii) income
taxes, (iii) non-cash provisions for, or actual write-offs of, assets
(without duplication in respect of any prior period) and (iv) Fixed
Charges.




“Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio” means, for any day, the ratio of (i)
Cash Flow for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the
Borrower ending on or most recently ended prior to such day to (ii) Fixed
Charges for such period.




32















“Fixed Charges” means the sum, for any period for the Borrower and
its consolidated Subsidiaries, of the following: (i) Interest Expense
plus (ii) estimate of that portion of minimum rents under operating
leases representing the interest factor.



“Interest Expense” means, for any period, the sum, for the Borrower
and its consolidated Subsidiaries, of the following: (i) all interest in
respect of Indebtedness (including the interest component of any payments
in respect of Capital Lease Obligations) accrued or capitalized during
such period (whether or not actually paid during such period) plus (ii)
the net amount payable (or minus the net amount receivable) under Hedging
Agreements relating to interest during such period (whether or not
actually paid or received during such period).



ARTICLE VI




EVENTS OF DEFAULT




SECTION 6.01. Events of Default. If any of the following events (“Events
of Default”) shall occur and be continuing:



(a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of or interest on any
Advance or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement, when and
as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue
unremedied for a period of two Business Days;



(b) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of
the Borrower or any Subsidiary (i) in this Agreement or any amendment or

modification hereof or (ii) in any report, certificate, financial statement or
other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or
any amendment or modification thereof, shall prove to have been incorrect in
any material respect when made or deemed made;



(c) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition
or agreement contained in Section 5.01(b), (c) (with respect to the Borrower’s
existence) or (h) or in Sections 5.02 or 5.03;



(d) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition
or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those specified in clause
(a) or (c) of this Section 6.01), and such failure shall continue unremedied
for a period of 30 days after notice thereof from the Agent (given at the
request of any Lender) to the Borrower;



(e) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment (whether
of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material
Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable and after any
applicable grace and/or notice period;



(f) any event or condition occurs that results in any Material
Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or
permits (after giving effect to any applicable grace period and/or notice
period) the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or
agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due,
or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof,
prior to its scheduled maturity; provided that this clause (f) shall not apply
to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or
transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness;



(g) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary
petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief
in respect of the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary (other than a Single
Transaction Subsidiary) or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets,
under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or
similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver,
trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the
Borrower or any Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any
such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for 60 days
or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be
entered;



33















(h) the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary (other than a Single
Transaction Subsidiary) shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file
any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any
Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law
now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to
contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition
described in clause (g) of this Section 6.01, (iii) apply for or consent to the
appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or
similar official for the Borrower or any Subsidiary or for a substantial part
of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a
petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment
for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of
effecting any of the foregoing;



(i) the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary (other than a Single
Transaction Subsidiary) shall become unable, admit in writing or fail generally
to pay its debts (other than Secured Nonrecourse Obligations) as they become
due;



(j) one or more judgments for the payment of money (other than in respect
of Secured Nonrecourse Obligations) in an aggregate amount in excess of
$25,000,000 shall be rendered against the Borrower, any Material Subsidiary
(other than a Single Transaction Subsidiary) or any combination thereof and the
same shall remain undischarged for a period of 30 consecutive days during which
execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken
by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Borrower or any
such Material Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment;



(k) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the opinion of the
Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have
occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
or



(l) a Change in Control shall occur;


then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower
described in clause (g) or (h) of this Section), and at any time thereafter
during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the
request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take either
or both of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i)
terminate the Commitments (other than the Commitments to make Advances by an
Issuing Bank or a Lender pursuant to Section 2.03(c)), and thereupon the
Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare the Advances then
outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any
principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to
be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Advances so declared to
be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and
other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall become due and
payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of
any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower; and in case of any
event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (g) or (h) of this
Article, the Commitments (other than the Commitments to make Advances by an
Issuing Bank or a Lender pursuant to Section 2.03(c)) shall automatically
terminate and the principal of the Advances then outstanding, together with
accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower
accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are
hereby waived by the Borrower.




SECTION 6.02. Actions in Respect of the Letters of Credit upon Default.
If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Agent may
with the consent, or shall at the request, of the Required Lenders,
irrespective of whether it is taking any of the actions described in Section
6.01 or otherwise, make demand upon the Borrower to, and forthwith upon such
demand the Borrower will, (a) pay to the Agent on behalf of the Lenders in same
day funds at the Agent’s office designated in such demand, for deposit in the
L/C Cash Collateral Account, an amount equal to the aggregate Available Amount
of all Letters of Credit then outstanding or (b) make such other arrangements
in respect of the outstanding Letters of Credit as shall be acceptable to the
Revolving Credit Lenders having at least 51% of the Revolving Credit
Commitments. If at any time the Agent determines that any funds held in the
L/C Cash Collateral Account are subject to any right or claim of any Person
other than the Agent and the Lenders or that the total amount of such funds is
less than the aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit, the Borrower
will, forthwith upon demand by the Agent, pay to the Agent, as additional funds
to be deposited and held in the L/C Cash Collateral Account, an amount equal to the excess of (a) such
aggregate



34














Available Amount over (b) the total amount of funds, if any, then
held in the L/C Cash Collateral Account that the Agent determines to be free
and clear of any such right and claim. Upon the drawing of any Letter of
Credit, to the extent funds are on deposit in the L/C Cash Collateral Account,
such funds shall be applied to reimburse the Issuing Banks to the extent
permitted by applicable law. After (i) no Event of Default shall be continuing
or (ii) all such Letters of Credit shall have expired or been fully drawn upon
and all other obligations of the Borrower hereunder and under the Notes shall
have been paid in full, the balance, if any, in such LC Cash Collateral Account
shall be returned to the Borrower.




ARTICLE VII




THE AGENT




SECTION 7.01. Authorization and Action. Each Lender (in its capacity as
a Lender and an Issuing Bank, as applicable) hereby appoints and authorizes the
Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers
and discretion under this Agreement as are delegated to the Agent by the terms
hereof, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental
thereto. As to any matters not expressly provided for by this Agreement
(including, without limitation, enforcement or collection of the Notes), the
Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but
shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully
protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of the
Required Lenders, and such instructions shall be binding upon all Lenders and
all holders of Notes; provided, however, that the Agent shall not be required
to take any action that exposes the Agent to personal liability or that is
contrary to this Agreement or applicable law. The Agent agrees to give to each
Lender prompt notice of each notice given to it by the Borrower pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement.



SECTION 7.02. Agent’s Reliance, Etc. Neither the Agent nor any of its
directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable for any action taken
or omitted to be taken by it or them under or in connection with this
Agreement, except for its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct.
Without limitation of the generality of the foregoing, the Agent: (i) may
treat the Lender that made any Advance as the holder of the Indebtedness
resulting therefrom until the Agent receives and accepts an Assumption
Agreement entered into by an Assuming Lender as provided in Section 2.18 or an
Assignment and Acceptance entered into by such Lender, as assignor, and an
Eligible Assignee, as assignee, as provided in Section 8.07; (ii) may consult
with legal counsel (including counsel for the Borrower), independent public
accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any
action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the
advice of such counsel, accountants or experts; (iii) makes no warranty or
representation to any Lender and shall not be responsible to any Lender for any
statements, warranties or representations (whether written or oral) made in or
in connection with this Agreement; (iv) shall not have any duty to ascertain or
to inquire as to the performance, observance or satisfaction of any of the
terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement on the part of the Borrower or
the existence at any time of any Default or to inspect the property (including
the books and records) of the Borrower; (v) shall not be responsible to any
Lender for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness,
sufficiency or value of, or the perfection or priority of any lien or security
interest created or purported to be created under or in connection with, this
Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto; and
(vi) shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement by acting
upon any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which may
be by telecopier, telegram or telex) believed by it to be genuine and signed or
sent by the proper party or parties.



SECTION 7.03. CUSA and Affiliates. With respect to its Commitments, the
Advances made by it and the Note issued to it, CUSA shall have the same rights
and powers under this Agreement as any other Lender and may exercise the same
as though it were not the Agent; and the term “Lender” or “Lenders” shall,
unless otherwise expressly indicated, include CUSA in its individual capacity.
CUSA and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as trustee
under indentures of, accept investment banking engagements from and generally
engage in any kind of business with, the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries and
any Person who may do business with or own securities of the Borrower or any
such Subsidiary, all as if CUSA were not the Agent and without any duty to
account therefor to the Lenders. The Agent shall have no duty to disclose any
information obtained or received by it or any of its Affiliates relating to the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to the extent such information was obtained
or received in any capacity other than as Agent.



35















SECTION 7.04. Lender Credit Decision. Each Lender acknowledges that it
has, independently and without reliance upon the Agent or any other Lender and
based on the financial statements referred to in Section 4.01 and such other
documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit
analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also
acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Agent or
any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem
appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or
not taking action under this Agreement.



SECTION 7.05. Indemnification. (a) The Lenders agree to indemnify the
Agent (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower) from and against such
Lender’s pro rata share (determined as provided below) of any and all
liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments,
suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever that
may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the Agent in any way
relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any action taken or omitted by
the Agent under this Agreement (collectively, the “Indemnified Costs”),
provided that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of the Indemnified
Costs resulting from the Agent’s gross negligence or willful misconduct.
Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender agrees to reimburse the Agent
promptly upon demand for its pro rata share of any out-of-pocket expenses
(including counsel fees) incurred by the Agent in connection with the
preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or
enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of,
or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement,
to the extent that the Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by the
Borrower. In the case of any investigation, litigation or proceeding giving
rise to any Indemnified Costs, this Section 7.05(a) applies whether any such
investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by the Agent, any Lender or
a third party. For purposes of this Section 7.05(a), the Lenders’ respective
pro rata shares of any amount shall be determined, at any time, according to
the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of the Advances outstanding at
such time and owing to the respective Lenders, (ii) their respective pro rata
Shares of the aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit outstanding
at such time, (iii) the aggregate unused portions of their Term Commitments at
such time and (iv) their respective Unused Revolving Credit Commitments at such
time.



(b) Each Revolving Credit Lender severally agrees to indemnify the Issuing
Banks (to the extent not promptly reimbursed by the Borrower) from and against
such Lender’s Ratable Share of any and all liabilities, obligations, losses,
damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements
of any kind or nature whatsoever that may be imposed on, incurred by, or
asserted against any such Issuing Bank in any way relating to or arising out of
this Agreement or any action taken or omitted by such Issuing Bank hereunder or
in connection herewith; provided, however, that no Revolving Credit Lender
shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses,
damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements
resulting from such Issuing Bank’s gross negligence or willful misconduct.
Without limitation of the foregoing, each Revolving Credit Lender agrees to
reimburse any such Issuing Bank promptly upon demand for its Ratable Share of
any costs and expenses (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of
counsel) payable by the Borrower under Section 8.04, to the extent that such
Issuing Bank is not promptly reimbursed for such costs and expenses by the
Borrower.



(c) The failure of any Lender to reimburse the Agent or the Issuing Bank
promptly upon demand for its ratable share of any amount required to be paid by
the Lenders to the Agent or the Issuing Bank as provided herein shall not
relieve any other Lender of its obligation hereunder to reimburse the Agent or
the Issuing Bank for its ratable share of such amount, but no Lender shall be
responsible for the failure of any other Lender to reimburse the Agent or an
Issuing Bank for such other Lender’s Ratable Share of such amount. Without
prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of any Lender hereunder, the
agreement and obligations of each Lender contained in this Section 7.05 shall
survive the payment in full of principal, interest and all other amounts
payable hereunder and under the Notes.



SECTION 7.06. Successor Agent. The Agent may resign at any time by
giving written notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrower and may be
removed at any time with or without cause by the Required Lenders. Upon any
such resignation or removal, the Required Lenders shall have the right to
appoint a successor Agent with the consent, so long as no Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing, of the Borrower, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed. If no successor Agent shall have been so
appointed by the Required Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment,
within 30 days after the retiring Agent’s giving of



36














notice of resignation or the Required Lenders’ removal of the retiring Agent, then the retiring Agent may, on behalf
of the Lenders, appoint a successor Agent, which shall be a commercial bank
organized under the laws of the United States of America or of any State
thereof and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $500,000,000.
Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Agent hereunder by a successor Agent,
such successor Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the
rights, powers, discretion, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent, and
the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under
this Agreement. After any retiring Agent’s resignation or removal hereunder as
Agent, the provisions of this Article VII shall inure to its benefit as to any
actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under this
Agreement.




SECTION 7.07. Other Agents. Each Lender hereby acknowledges that neither
the co-documentation agents nor any other Lender designated as any “Agent” on
the signature pages hereof has any liability hereunder other than in its
capacity as a Lender.



ARTICLE VIII




MISCELLANEOUS




SECTION 8.01. Amendments, Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision
of this Agreement or the Notes, nor consent to any departure by the Borrower
therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing
and signed by the Required Lenders and (with respect to amendments) the
Borrower, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the
specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided,
however, that (a) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and
signed by all the Lenders, do any of the following: (i) waive any of the
conditions specified in Section 3.01, (ii) change the percentage of the
Revolving Credit Commitments or of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the
Advances, or the number of Lenders, that shall be required for the Lenders or
any of them to take any action hereunder or (iii) amend this Section 8.01 and
(b) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the
Required Lenders and each Lender that has a Commitment under the Revolving
Credit Facility or Term Facility if such Lender is directly affected by such
amendment, waiver or consent, (i) other than as provided in Section 2.18,
increase the Commitments of such Lenders (ii) reduce the principal of, or
interest on, the Advances or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder to
such Lender or (ii) postpone any date fixed for any payment of principal of, or
interest on, the Advances or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder to
such Lender; and provided further that (x) no amendment, waiver or consent
shall, unless in writing and signed by the Agent in addition to the Lenders
required above to take such action, affect the rights or duties of the Agent
under this Agreement or any Note and (y) no amendment, waiver or consent shall,
unless in writing and signed by the Issuing Banks in addition to the Lenders
required above to take such action, adversely affect the rights or obligations
of the Issuing Banks under this Agreement.



SECTION 8.02. Notices, Etc. (a) All notices and other communications
provided for hereunder shall be either (x) in writing (including telecopier,
telegraphic or telex communication) and mailed, telecopied, telegraphed,
telexed or delivered or (y) as and to the extent set forth in Section 8.02(b)
and in the proviso to this Section 8.02(a), if to the Borrower, at its address
at 500 West Monroe Street, Chicago, Illinois 60661, Attention: Treasurer; if
to any Initial Lender, at its Domestic Lending Office specified opposite its
name on Schedule I hereto; if to any other Lender, at its Domestic Lending
Office specified in the Assumption Agreement or the Assignment and Acceptance
pursuant to which it became a Lender; and if to the Agent, at its address at
Two Penns Way, New Castle, Delaware 19720, Attention: Bank Loan Syndications
Department; or, as to the Borrower or the Agent, at such other address as shall
be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties and, as to
each other party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in
a written notice to the Borrower and the Agent, provided that materials
required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) shall be delivered to the
Agent as specified in Section 8.02(b) or as otherwise specified to the Borrower
by the Agent. All such notices and communications shall, when mailed,
telecopied, telegraphed or e-mailed, be effective when received. Delivery by
telecopier of an executed counterpart of any amendment or waiver of any
provision of this Agreement or the Notes or of any Exhibit hereto to be
executed and delivered hereunder shall be effective as delivery of a manually
executed counterpart thereof.



(b) So long as CUSA or any of its Affiliates is the Agent, materials
required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) may be delivered to the
Agent in an electronic medium in a format reasonably acceptable



37














to the Agent and the Lenders by e-mail at oploanswebadmin@citigroup.com and shall deliver in
written form such materials to any Lender that so requests in writing. The
Borrower agrees that the Agent may make such materials, as well as any other
written information, documents, instruments and other material relating to the
Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any other materials or matters relating to
this Agreement, the Notes or any of the transactions contemplated hereby
(collectively, the “Communications”) available to the Lenders by posting such
notices on Intralinks, “e-Disclosure”, the Agent’s internet delivery system
that is part of Fixed Income Direct, Global Fixed Income’s primary web portal,
or a substantially similar electronic system (the “Platform”). The Borrower
acknowledges that (i) the distribution of material through an electronic medium
is not necessarily secure and that there are confidentiality and other risks
associated with such distribution, (ii) the Platform is provided “as is” and
“as available” and (iii) neither the Agent nor any of its Affiliates warrants
the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the Communications or the Platform
and each expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in the
Communications or the Platform. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or
statutory, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third party rights or
freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by the Agent or any of its
Affiliates in connection with the Platform.




(c) Each Lender agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next
sentence) (a “Notice”) specifying that any Communications have been posted to
the Platform shall constitute effective delivery of such information, documents
or other materials to such Lender for purposes of this Agreement; provided that
if requested by any Lender the Agent shall deliver a copy of the Communications
to such Lender by email or telecopier. Each Lender agrees (i) to notify the
Agent in writing of such Lender’s e-mail address to which a Notice may be sent
by electronic transmission (including by electronic communication) on or before
the date such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time
thereafter to ensure that the Agent has on record an effective e-mail address
for such Lender) and (ii) that any Notice may be sent to such e-mail address.



SECTION 8.03. No Waiver; Remedies. No failure on the part of any Lender
or the Agent to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder or
under any Note shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or
partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or further exercise
thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are
cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.



SECTION 8.04. Costs and Expenses. (a) The Borrower agrees to pay on
demand all reasonable costs and expenses of the Agent (supported by invoices)
in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration,
modification and amendment of this Agreement, the Notes and the other documents
to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, (A) all reasonable
due diligence, syndication (including printing, distribution and bank
meetings), transportation and duplication expenses and (B) the reasonable fees
and expenses of counsel for the Agent with respect thereto and with respect to
advising the Agent as to its rights and responsibilities under this Agreement.
The Borrower further agrees to pay on demand all costs and expenses (supported
by invoices) of the Agent and the Lenders, if any (including, without
limitation, reasonable counsel fees and expenses), in connection with the
enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of
this Agreement, the Notes and the other documents to be delivered hereunder,
including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the
Agent and each Lender in connection with the enforcement of rights under this
Section 8.04(a).



(b) The Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Agent and each
Lender and each of their Affiliates and their officers, directors, employees,
agents and advisors (each, an “Indemnified Party”) from and against any and all
claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including, without
limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) incurred by or asserted or
awarded against any Indemnified Party, in each case arising out of or in
connection with or by reason of (including, without limitation, in connection
with any investigation, litigation or proceeding or preparation of a defense in
connection therewith) (i) the Notes, this Agreement, any of the transactions
contemplated herein or the actual or proposed use of the proceeds of the
Advances or (ii) the actual or alleged presence of Hazardous Materials on any
property of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any Environmental
Liability relating in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, in
each case except to the extent such claim, damage, loss, liability or expense
resulted from such Indemnified Party’s gross negligence or willful misconduct. In the case of an investigation,
litigation or other proceeding to which the indemnity in this Section 8.04(b)
applies, such indemnity shall be effective whether or not such investigation,
litigation or proceeding is brought by the Borrower, its directors,
equityholders or creditors or an Indemnified Party



38














or any other Person, whether or not any Indemnified Party is otherwise a party thereto and whether or not
the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated. The Borrower also agrees
not to assert any claim for special, indirect, consequential or punitive
damages against the Agent, any Lender, any of their Affiliates, or any of their
respective directors, officers, employees, attorneys and agents, and the
Lenders and the Agent agree not to assert any such claim against the Borrower,
on any theory of liability, arising out of or otherwise relating to the Notes,
this Agreement, any of the transactions contemplated herein or the actual or
proposed use of the proceeds of the Advances.




(c) If any payment of principal of, or Conversion of, any Eurodollar Rate
Advance is made by the Borrower to or for the account of a Lender other than on
the last day of the Interest Period for such Advance, as a result of a payment
or Conversion pursuant to Section 2.08(d) or (e), 2.10 or 2.12, acceleration of
the maturity of the Notes pursuant to Section 6.01 or for any other reason, or
by an Eligible Assignee to a Lender other than on the last day of the Interest
Period for such Advance upon an assignment of rights and obligations under this
Agreement pursuant to Section 8.07 as a result of a demand by the Borrower
pursuant to Section 8.07(a), the Borrower shall, upon demand by such Lender
(with a copy of such demand to the Agent), pay to the Agent for the account of
such Lender any amounts required to compensate such Lender for any additional
losses, costs or expenses that it may reasonably incur as a result of such
payment or Conversion, including, without limitation, any loss (excluding loss
of anticipated profits (including the Applicable Margin)), cost or expense
incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other
funds acquired by any Lender to fund or maintain such Advance.



(d) Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of the
Borrower hereunder, the agreements and obligations of the Borrower contained in
Sections 2.11, 2.14 and 8.04 shall survive the payment in full of principal,
interest and all other amounts payable hereunder and under the Notes.



SECTION 8.05. Right of Set-off. Upon (i) the occurrence and during the
continuance of any Event of Default and (ii) the making of the request or the
granting of the consent specified by Section 6.01 to authorize the Agent to
declare the Notes due and payable pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.01,
each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and
from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply
any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final)
at any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by such Lender or
such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any
and all of the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this
Agreement and the Note held by such Lender, whether or not such Lender shall
have made any demand under this Agreement or such Note and although such
obligations may be unmatured. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the
Borrower after any such set-off and application, provided that the failure to
give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application.
The rights of each Lender and its Affiliates under this Section are in
addition to other rights and remedies (including, without limitation, other
rights of set-off) that such Lender and its Affiliates may have.



SECTION 8.06. Binding Effect. This Agreement shall become effective
(other than Section 2.01, which shall only become effective upon satisfaction
of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.01) when it shall have been
executed by the Borrower and the Agent and when the Agent shall have been
notified by each Initial Lender that such Initial Lender has executed it and
thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the
Agent and each Lender and their respective successors and assigns, except that
the Borrower shall not have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any
interest herein without the prior written consent of the Lenders.



SECTION 8.07. Assignments and Participations. (a) Each Lender may and,
if demanded by the Borrower (following a demand by such Lender pursuant to
Section 2.11 or 2.14 or a suspension of Eurodollar Rate Advances pursuant to
Section 2.12 and only if no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing)
upon at least five Business Days’ notice to such Lender and the Agent, will
assign to one or more Persons all or a portion of its rights and obligations
under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its
Revolving Credit Commitment, its Term Loan Commitment, its undrawn Letter of Credit Commitment, the Advances owing to it, its
participations in Letters of Credit and the Note or Notes held by it);
provided, however, that (i) each such assignment shall be of a constant, and
not a varying, percentage of all rights and obligations under and in respect of
one or more of the Facilities, (ii) except in the case of an assignment to a
Person that, immediately prior to such assignment, was a Lender or an
assignment of all of a Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement,
the



39














amount of (x) the Revolving Credit Commitment or Term Commitment of the
assigning Lender being assigned pursuant to each such assignment (determined as
of the date of the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment)
shall in no event be less than $5,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000
in excess thereof and (y) the undrawn Letter of Credit Commitment of the
assigning Lender being assigned pursuant to each such assignment (determined as
of the date of the applicable Assignment and Acceptance) shall in no event be
less than $1,000,000, unless, in each case, the Borrower and the Agent
otherwise agree, (iii) each such assignment shall be to an Eligible Assignee,
(iv) each such assignment made as a result of a demand by the Borrower pursuant
to this Section 8.07(a) shall be arranged by the Borrower after consultation
with the Agent and shall be either an assignment of all of the rights and
obligations of the assigning Lender under this Agreement or an assignment of a
portion of such rights and obligations made concurrently with another such
assignment or other such assignments that together cover all of the rights and
obligations of the assigning Lender under this Agreement, (v) no Lender shall
be obligated to make any such assignment as a result of a demand by the
Borrower pursuant to this Section 8.07(a) unless and until such Lender shall
have received one or more payments from either the Borrower or one or more
Eligible Assignees in an aggregate amount at least equal to the aggregate
outstanding principal amount of the Advances owing to such Lender, together
with accrued interest thereon to the date of payment of such principal amount
and all other amounts payable to such Lender under this Agreement, and (vi) the
parties to each such assignment shall execute and deliver to the Agent, for its
acceptance and recording in the Register, an Assignment and Acceptance,
together with any Note subject to such assignment and a processing and
recordation fee of $3,500 payable by the parties to each such assignment,
provided, however, that no such recordation fee shall be payable in the case of
an assignment made at the request of the Borrower. Upon such execution,
delivery, acceptance and recording, from and after the effective date specified
in each Assignment and Acceptance, (x) the assignee thereunder shall be a party
hereto and, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been
assigned to it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and
obligations of a Lender hereunder and (y) the Lender assignor thereunder shall,
to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned by it
pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish its rights (other than
its rights under Sections 2.11, 2.14 and 8.04 to the extent any claim
thereunder relates to an event arising prior to such assignment) and be
released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an
Assignment and Acceptance covering all or the remaining portion of an assigning
Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease
to be a party hereto).




(b) By executing and delivering an Assignment and Acceptance, the Lender
assignor thereunder and the assignee thereunder confirm to and agree with each
other and the other parties hereto as follows: (i) other than as provided in
such Assignment and Acceptance, such assigning Lender makes no representation

or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements,
warranties or representations made in or in connection with this Agreement or
the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or
value of, or the perfection or priority of any lien or security interest
created or purported to be created under or in connection with, this Agreement
or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto; (ii) such
assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no
responsibility with respect to the financial condition of the Borrower or the
performance or observance by the Borrower of any of its obligations under this
Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto; (iii)
such assignee confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement, together
with copies of the financial statements referred to in Section 4.01 and such
other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own
credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Acceptance; (iv)
such assignee will, independently and without reliance upon the Agent, such
assigning Lender or any other Lender and based on such documents and
information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own
credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement; (v) such
assignee confirms that it is an Eligible Assignee; (vi) such assignee appoints
and authorizes the Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to
exercise such powers and discretion under this Agreement as are delegated to
the Agent by the terms hereof, together with such powers and discretion as are
reasonably incidental thereto; and (vii) such assignee agrees that it will
perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations that by the terms
of this Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender.



(c) Upon its receipt of an Assignment and Acceptance executed by an
assigning Lender and an assignee representing that it is an Eligible Assignee,
together with any Note or Notes subject to such assignment, the Agent shall, if
such Assignment and Acceptance has been completed and is in substantially the
form of Exhibit C hereto, (i) accept such Assignment and Acceptance, (ii)
record the information contained therein in the Register and (iii) give prompt
notice thereof to the Borrower.



40















(d) The Agent shall maintain at its address referred to in Section 8.02 a
copy of each Assumption Agreement and each Assignment and Acceptance delivered
to and accepted by it and a register for the recordation of the names and
addresses of the Lenders and the Commitment of, and principal amount of the
Advances owing to, each Lender from time to time (the “Register”). The entries
in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error, and the Borrower, the Agent and the Lenders may treat each
Person whose name is recorded in the Register as a Lender hereunder for all
purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by
the Borrower or any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon
reasonable prior notice.



(e) Each Lender may sell participations to one or more banks or other
entities (other than the Borrower or any of its Affiliates) in or to all or a
portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without
limitation, all or a portion of its Commitment, the Advances owing to it and
any Note or Notes held by it); provided, however, that (i) such Lender’s
obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, its Commitment
to the Borrower hereunder) shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall
remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of
such obligations, (iii) such Lender shall remain the holder of any such Note
for all purposes of this Agreement, (iv) the Borrower, the Agent and the other
Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in
connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement and
(v) no participant under any such participation shall have any right to approve
any amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any Note, or any
consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom, except to the extent that
such amendment, waiver or consent would reduce the principal of, or interest
on, the Notes or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, in each case to
the extent subject to such participation, or postpone any date fixed for any
payment of principal of, or interest on, the Notes or any fees or other amounts
payable hereunder, in each case to the extent subject to such participation.



(f) Any Lender may, in connection with any assignment or participation or
proposed assignment or participation pursuant to this Section 8.07, disclose to
the assignee or participant or proposed assignee or participant, any
information relating to the Borrower furnished to such Lender by or on behalf
of the Borrower; provided that, prior to any such disclosure, the assignee or
participant or proposed assignee or participant shall agree to preserve the
confidentiality of any Borrower Information relating to the Borrower received
by it from such Lender.



(g) Notwithstanding any other provision set forth in this Agreement, any
Lender may at any time create a security interest in all or any portion of its

rights under this Agreement (including, without limitation, the Advances owing
to it and any Note or Notes held by it) in favor of any Federal Reserve Bank in
accordance with Regulation A of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System.



SECTION 8.08. Confidentiality. Neither the Agent nor any Lender may
disclose to any Person any confidential, proprietary or non-public information
of the Borrower furnished to the Agent or the Lenders by or on behalf of the
Borrower (such information being referred to collectively herein as the
“Borrower Information”), except that each of the Agent and each of the Lenders
may disclose Borrower Information (i) to its and its Affiliates’ employees,
officers, directors, agents and advisors (it being understood that the Persons
to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of
such Borrower Information and instructed to keep such Borrower Information
confidential on substantially the same terms as provided herein), (ii) to the
extent requested by any regulatory or self-regulatory authority, (iii) to the
extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar
legal process, (iv) to any other party to this Agreement, (v) in connection
with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or proceeding
relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder, (vi) subject
to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this
Section 8.08, to any assignee or participant or prospective assignee or
participant, (vii) to the extent such Borrower Information (A) is or becomes
generally available to the public on a non-confidential basis other than as a
result of a breach of this Section 8.08 by the Agent or such Lender, or (B) is
or becomes available to the Agent or such Lender on a nonconfidential basis
from a source other than the Borrower and (viii) with the consent of the
Borrower.



SECTION 8.09. Governing Law. This Agreement and the Notes shall be
governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New
York.



41















SECTION 8.10. Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed
in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate
counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original
and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by
telecopier shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of
this Agreement.



SECTION 8.11. Jurisdiction, Etc. (a) Each of the parties hereto hereby
irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the
nonexclusive jurisdiction of any New York State court or federal court of the
United States of America sitting in New York City, and any appellate court from
any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this
Agreement or the Notes, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and
each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that
all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and
determined in any such New York State court or, to the extent permitted by law,
in such federal court. The Borrower hereby agrees that service of process in
any such action or proceeding brought in the any such New York State court or
in such federal court may be made upon CT Corporation System at its offices at
111 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011 (the “Process Agent”) and the
Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints the Process Agent its authorized agent to
accept such service of process, and agrees that the failure of the Process
Agent to give any notice of any such service shall not impair or affect the
validity of such service or of any judgment rendered in any action or
proceeding based thereon. The Borrower hereby further irrevocably consents to
the service of process in any action or proceeding in such courts by the
mailing thereof by any parties hereto by registered or certified mail, postage
prepaid, to the Borrower at its address specified pursuant to Section 8.02.
Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or
proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by
suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this
Agreement shall affect any right that any party may otherwise have to bring any
action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the Notes in the courts of
any jurisdiction.



(b) Each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to
the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection that it
may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Notes in any New
York State or federal court. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably
waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient
forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.



SECTION 8.12. No Liability of the Issuing Banks. The Borrower assumes
all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee of any
Letter of Credit with respect to its use of such Letter of Credit. Neither an
Issuing Bank nor any of its officers or directors shall be liable or
responsible for: (a) the use that may be made of any Letter of Credit or any
acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee in connection therewith; (b)
the validity, sufficiency or genuineness of documents, or of any endorsement
thereon, even if such documents should prove to be in any or all respects
invalid, insufficient, fraudulent or forged; (c) payment by such Issuing Bank
against presentation of documents that do not comply with the terms of a Letter
of Credit, including failure of any documents to bear any reference or adequate
reference to the Letter of Credit; or (d) any other circumstances whatsoever in
making or failing to make payment under any Letter of Credit, except that the
Borrower shall have a claim against such Issuing Bank, and such Issuing Bank
shall be liable to the Borrower, to the extent of any direct, but not
consequential damages suffered by the Borrower that the Borrower proves were
caused by (i) such Issuing Bank’s willful misconduct or gross negligence in
determining whether documents presented under any Letter of Credit comply with
the terms of the Letter of Credit or (ii) such Issuing Bank’s willful failure
to make lawful payment under a Letter of Credit after the presentation to it of
a draft and certificates strictly complying with the terms and conditions of
the Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing,
such Issuing Bank may accept documents that appear on their face to be in
order, without responsibility for further investigation.



SECTION 8.13. Patriot Act. Each Lender hereby notifies the Borrower that
pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L.
107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the “Act”), it is required to
obtain, verify and record information that identifies each borrower, guarantor
or grantor (the “Loan Parties”), which information includes the name and
address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to
identify such Loan Party in accordance with the Act.



42















SECTION 8.14. Waiver of Jury Trial. Each of the Borrower, the Agent and
the Lenders hereby irrevocably waives all right to trial by jury in any action,
proceeding or counterclaim (whether based on contract, tort or otherwise)
arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Notes or the actions of the
Agent or any Lender in the negotiation, administration, performance or
enforcement thereof.



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date
first above written.




GATX FINANCIAL CORPORATION




By






Title:


CITICORP USA, INC.,

as Administrative Agent




By






Title:







Initial Issuing Bank





THE BANK OF NEW YORK




By






Title:


LASALLE BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION




By






Title:


CITIBANK, N.A. (solely for purposes of the Letters of

Credit listed on Schedule 2.01(b))




By






Title:







Initial Lenders




Administrative Agent





CITICORP USA, INC.,




By






Title:








43


















Co-Syndication Agents





JPMORGAN CHASE BANK




By






Title:


FLEET NATIONAL BANK




By






Title:







Documentation Agents





CALYON NEW YORK BRANCH




By






Title:


DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH




By






Title:


By






Title:







Co-Agents





BAYERISCHE LANDESBANK




By






Title:


LASALLE BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION




By






Title:


HARRIS NESBITT FINANCING, INC.




By






Title:







Lenders





KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION




By






Title:







44

















U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION




By






Title:


THE BANK OF NEW YORK


By






Title:


NORDDEUTSCHE LANDESBANK GIROZENTRALE




By






Title:


BANCA DI ROMA-CHICAGO BRANCH




By






Title:







45

















SCHEDULE I

GATX FINANCIAL CORPORATION

CREDIT AGREEMENT

APPLICABLE LENDING OFFICES








Revolving Credit	 	 	 	 	 	Letter of Credit
Name of Initial Lender
Commitment
Term Loan Commitment
Commitment
Domestic Lending Office
Eurodollar Lending Office

Banca di
Roma – Chicago Branch
$	8,165,137.61	 	 	$	1,834,862.39	 	 	 	 	 	 	225 West Washington	 	225 West Washington

Suite 1200	 	Suite 1200

Chicago, IL 60606	 	Chicago, IL 60606

Attn: Joyce Montgomery	 	Attn: Joyce Montgomery

T: 312 704-2648	 	T: 312 704-2648

F: 312 704-3058	 	F: 312 704-3058
The Bank of New York
$	12,247,706.42	 	 	$	2,752,293.58	 	 	$	35,000,000	 	 	One Wall Street
New York, NY  10286	 	One Wall Street
New York, NY 10286

Attn: K Kanhai-Ali	 	Attn:  K Kanhai-Ali

T: 212 635-8208	 	T: 212 635-8208

F: 212 635-7926	 	F: 212 635-7926
Bayersiche Landesbank
$	32,660,550.46	 	 	$	7,339,449.54
Calyon New York Branch
$	40,825,688.07	 	 	$	9,174,311.93	 	 	 	 	 	 	1301 Avenue of the Americas	 	1301 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10019	 	New York, NY 10019

Attn: Agnes Castillo	 	Attn: Agnes Castillo

T: 212 261-7669	 	T: 212 261-7669

F: 212 569-3180	 	F: 212 569-3180
Citicorp USA, Inc.
$	81,651,376.15	 	 	$	18,348,623.85	 	 	 	 	 	 	Two Penns Way	 	Two Penns Way

New Castle, DE 19720	 	New Castle, DE 19720

Attn: David Graber	 	Attn: David Graber

T: 302 894-6034	 	T: 302 894-6034

F: 212 994-0961	 	F: 212 994-0961
Deutsche Bank AG
$	40,825,688.07	 	 	$	9,174,311.93	 	 	 	 	 	 	90 Hudson Street	 	90 Hudson Street
New York Branch
JCY05-0199	 	JCY05-0199

Jersey City, NJ 07302	 	Jersey City, NJ 07302

Attn: Ann Renee Denora	 	Attn: Ann Renee Denora

T: 201 593-2121	 	T: 201 593-2121

F: 201 593-2313	 	F: 201 593-2313
Fleet National Bank
$	61,238,532.11	 	 	$	13,761,467.89








46

















Revolving Credit	 	 	 	 	 	Letter of Credit
Name of Initial Lender
Commitment
Term Loan Commitment
Commitment
Domestic Lending Office
Eurodollar Lending Office

Harris Nesbitt Financing, Inc.
$	24,495,412.84	 	 	$	5,504,587.16
JPMorgan Chase Bank
$	61,238,532.11	 	 	$	13,761,467.89	 	 	 	 	 	 	111 Fannin Avenue	 	111 Fannin Avenue

10th Floor	 	10th Floor

Houston, TX 77002	 	Houston, TX 77002

Attn: Candace Grayson	 	Attn: Candace Grayson

T: 713 750-7904	 	T: 713 750-7904

F: 713 750-2938	 	F: 713 750-2938
KeyBank National Association
$	20,412,844.04	 	 	$	4,587,155.96
LaSalle Bank National Association
$	28,577,981.65	 	 	$	6,422,018.35	 	 	$	15,000,000
Norddeutsche
Landesbank
Girozentrale
$	12,247,706.42	 	 	$	2,752,293.58	 	 	 	 	 	 	1114 Avenue of the Americas	 	1114 Avenue of the Americas

37th Floor	 	37th Floor

New York, NY 10036	 	New York, NY 10036

Attn: Stephen Hunter	 	Attn: Stephen Hunter

T: 212 812-6803	 	T: 212 812-6803

F: 212 812-6860	 	F: 212 812-6860
U.S. Bank National Association
$	20,412,844.04	 	 	$	4,587,155.96	 	 	 	 	 	 	400 City Center
OS-WI-CCCL	 	400 City Center
OS-WI-CCCL

Oshkosh, WI 54901	 	Oshkosh, WI 54901

Attn: Connie Sweeney	 	Attn: Connie Sweeney

T: 920 237-7604	 	T: 920 237-7604

F: 920 237-7993	 	F: 920 237-7993
Total:
$	445,000,000	 	 	$	100,000,000	 	 	$	50,000,000









47















SCHEDULE 2.01(b)

Existing Letters of Credit





Issuer	 	Guaranteed Party/Beneficiary	 	Amount	 	Expiry

GATX:
The Bank of New York
Trail, LTD.	 	$	1,000,000	 	 	 	11/30/04

L/C No. 43602
The Bank of New York
Trail, LTD.	 	$	2,523,950	 	 	 	12/31/04

L/C No. 35322
The Bank of New York
Travelers Ins. Co.	 	$	164,672	 	 	 	12/31/04

L/C No. 35210
The Bank of New York
Northwestern National	 	$	100,000	 	 	 	03/31/05

L/C No. 17115
The Bank of New York
Royal Insurance Co.	 	$	386,000	 	 	 	10/01/04

L/C No. 14703
The Bank of New York
CIGNA Insurance Co.	 	$	13,571,259	 	 	 	12/31/04

L/C No. 18448
The Bank of New York
SRI Monroe Street Venture, LLC	 	$	1,506,856.73	 	 	 	12/31/04

L/C No. 43600
The Bank of New York
Kemper Insurance Company	 	$	2,021,000	 	 	 	10/01/04

L/C No. 45090

GATX Rail:
The Bank of New York
Safeco Insurance Co	 	$	45,000	 	 	 	11/30/04

L/C No. 31582




$	21,318,737.73



Citibank, N.A.
Kemper Insurance Company	 	$	5,474,000	 	 	 	10/01/04

L/C No. NY-668-30033706

$	5,474,000



























EXHIBIT A-1 - FORM OF

REVOLVING CREDIT NOTE





U.S.$

Dated:                    , 200







FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, GATX FINANCIAL CORPORATION, a
Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), HEREBY PROMISES TO PAY to the order of
(the “Lender”) for the account of its Applicable
Lending Office on the Termination Date (each as defined in the Credit Agreement
referred to below) the principal sum of U.S.$[amount of the Lender’s Revolving
Credit Commitment in figures] or, if less, the aggregate principal amount of
the Revolving Credit Advances (as defined below) made by the Lender to the
Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement dated as of May 18, 2004 among the
Borrower, the Lender and certain other lenders parties thereto, and Citicorp
USA, Inc., as Agent for the Lender and such other lenders (as amended or
modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”; the terms defined therein
being used herein as therein defined) outstanding on the Termination Date.



The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of
each Revolving Credit Advance from the date of such Revolving Credit Advance
until such principal amount is paid in full, at such interest rates, and
payable at such times, as are specified in the Credit Agreement.



Both principal and interest are payable in lawful money of the United
States of America to CUSA, as Agent, at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New
York 10013, in same day funds. Each Revolving Credit Advance owing to the
Lender by the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement, and all payments made
on account of principal thereof, shall be recorded by the Lender and, prior to
any transfer hereof, endorsed on the grid attached hereto which is part of this
Promissory Note.



This Promissory Note is one of the Revolving Credit Notes referred to in,
and is entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement. The Credit
Agreement, among other things, (i) provides for the making of advances (the
“Revolving Credit Advances”) by the Lender to the Borrower from time to time in
an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the U.S. dollar
amount first above mentioned, the indebtedness of the Borrower resulting from
each such Revolving Credit Advance being evidenced by this Promissory Note and
(ii) contains provisions for acceleration of the maturity hereof upon the
happening of certain stated events and also for prepayments on account of
principal hereof prior to the maturity hereof upon the terms and conditions
therein specified.




GATX FINANCIAL CORPORATION




By






Title:
























ADVANCES AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL




Amount of
Amount of	 	 	Principal Paid	 	 	Unpaid Principal	 	 	Notation
Date
Advance
or Prepaid
Balance
Made By







2


















EXHIBIT A-2 - FORM OF

TERM NOTE






$

Dated:
,
200







FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, GATX FINANCIAL CORPORATION, a
Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), HEREBY PROMISES TO PAY to the order of
(the “Lender”) for the account of its Applicable
Lending Office (as defined in the Credit Agreement referred to below) the
aggregate principal amount of the Term Advances (as defined below) owing to the
Lender by the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement dated as of May 18,
2004 among the Borrower, the Lender and certain other lenders parties thereto,
and Citicorp USA, Inc. as Agent for the Lender and such other lenders (as
amended or modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”); the terms
defined therein being used herein as therein defined) on the date specified in
the Credit Agreement.



The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of
each Term Advance from the date of such Term Advance until such principal
amount is paid in full, at such interest rates, and payable at such times, as
are specified in the Credit Agreement.



Both principal and interest are payable in lawful money of the United
States of America to CUSA, as Agent, at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New
York 10013, in same day funds. Each Term Advance owing to the Lender by the
Borrower and the maturity thereof, and all payments made on account of
principal thereof, shall be recorded by the Lender and, prior to any transfer
hereof, endorsed on the grid attached hereto, which is part of this Promissory
Note.



This Promissory Note is one of the Term Notes referred to in, and is
entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement, among
other things, (i) provides for the making of advances (the “Term Advances”) by
the Lender to the Borrower in an amount not to exceed the U.S. dollar amount
first above mentioned, the indebtedness of the Borrower resulting from such
Term Advances being evidenced by this Promissory Note, and (ii) contains
provisions for acceleration of the maturity hereof upon the happening of
certain stated events and also for prepayments on account of principal hereof
prior to the maturity hereof upon the terms and conditions therein specified.




GATX FINANCIAL CORPORATION




By






Title:


























ADVANCES AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL





Amount of
Amount of	 	 	Principal Paid	 	 	Unpaid Principal	 	 	Notation
Date
Advance
or Prepaid
Balance
Made By







4


















EXHIBIT B - FORM OF NOTICE OF

BORROWING





Citicorp USA, Inc., as Agent
for
the Lenders parties
to
the Credit Agreement
referred
to below
Two
Penns Way
New
Castle, Delaware 19720









[Date]




Attention: Bank Loan Syndications Department


Ladies and Gentlemen:




The undersigned, GATX Financial Corporation, refers to the Credit
Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2004 (as amended or modified from time to time,
the “Credit Agreement”, the terms defined therein being used herein as therein
defined), among the undersigned, certain Lenders parties thereto and Citicorp
USA, Inc., as Agent for said Lenders, and hereby gives you notice, irrevocably,
pursuant to Section 2.02 of the Credit Agreement that the undersigned hereby
requests a Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection sets
forth below the information relating to such Borrowing (the “Proposed
Borrowing”) as required by Section 2.02(a) of the Credit Agreement:




(i)	 	The Business Day of the Proposed Borrowing is
, 200   .

(ii)	 	The Facility under which the Proposed Borrowing
is requested is the
Facility.

(iii)	 	The Type of Advances comprising the Proposed
Borrowing is [Base Rate Advances] [Eurodollar Rate Advances].

(iv)	 	The aggregate amount of the Proposed Borrowing is
$          .

(v)	 	The initial Interest Period for each Eurodollar
Rate Advance made as part of the Proposed Borrowing is

[week[s]] [month[s]].]





The undersigned hereby certifies that the following statements are true on
the date hereof, and will be true on the date of the Proposed Borrowing:




(A)	 	the representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01 of
the Credit Agreement (except the representations set forth in subsection
(d)(ii) thereof and in subsection (f) thereof) are correct, before and
after giving effect to the Proposed Borrowing and to the application of
the proceeds therefrom, as though made on and as of such date;

(B)	 	no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from
such Proposed Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds
therefrom, that constitutes a Default; and

1[(C) after giving effect to the Proposed Borrowing, the Indenture
Limit, calculated using the Borrower’s most recent available information,
exceeds the aggregate principal amount of the Advances plus the Available
Amount of the outstanding Letters of Credit, as set forth on the attached
Schedule I.]











1	 	To be included at any time that the Public Debt Rating is not BBB or better
from S&P or Baa2 or better from Moody’s.



























Very truly yours,


GATX FINANCIAL CORPORATION




By






Title:.







2
















SCHEDULE I – INDENTURE LIMIT CALCULATION




(Thousands)

Tangible Assets

Current Liabilities

Net Tangible Assets




30% of Net Tangible Assets




Less: Purchase Money Liens

Other Liens

Maximum of Additional Secured Indebtedness under Scn 10.6 (3) of D Indenture




Minus:


The principal amount outstanding that is due on April 12, 2006 under the

BLB - April 9, 2001 Term Loan




INDENTURE LIMIT




AGGREGATE ADVANCES AND LOC’s UNDER FACILITY




EXCESS OF INDENTURE LIMIT OVER ADVANCES AND LOC’s




3


















EXHIBIT C - FORM OF

ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE




Reference is made to the Credit Agreement dated as of May 18, 2004 (as
amended or modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”) among GATX
FINANCIAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), the Lenders (as
defined in the Credit Agreement) and Citicorp USA, Inc., as agent for the
Lenders (the “Agent”). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein
with the same meaning.



The “Assignor” and the “Assignee” referred to on Schedule I hereto agree
as follows:



1. The Assignor hereby sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee
hereby purchases and assumes from the Assignor, an interest in and to the
Assignor’s rights and obligations under the Credit Agreement as of the date
hereof equal to the percentage interest specified on Schedule 1 hereto of all
outstanding rights and obligations under the Credit Agreement Facility or
Facilities on Schedule I hereto together with, in the case of an assignment of
a Revolving Credit Commitment, participations in Letters of Credit held by the
Assignor on the date hereof. After giving effect to such sale and assignment,
the Assignee’s Commitments and the amount of the Advances owing to the Assignee
will be as set forth on Schedule 1 hereto.



2. The Assignor (i) represents and warrants that it is the legal and
beneficial owner of the interest being assigned by it hereunder and that such
interest is free and clear of any adverse claim; (ii) makes no representation
or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements,
warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit
Agreement or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness,
sufficiency or value of, or the perfection or priority of any lien or security
interest created or purported to be created under or in connection with, the
Credit Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant
thereto; (iii) makes no representation or warranty and assumes no
responsibility with respect to the financial condition of the Borrower or the
performance or observance by the Borrower of any of its obligations under the
Credit Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant
thereto; and (iv) attaches the Note[, if any] held by the Assignor [and
requests that the Agent exchange such Note for a new Note payable to the order
of [the Assignee in an amount equal to the Commitments assumed by the Assignee
pursuant hereto or new Notes payable to the order of the Assignee in an amount
equal to the Commitments assumed by the Assignee pursuant hereto and] the
Assignor in an amount equal to the Commitments retained by the Assignor under
the Credit Agreement, [respectively,] as specified on Schedule 1 hereto.



3. The Assignee (i) confirms that it has received a copy of the Credit
Agreement, together with copies of the financial statements referred to in
Section 4.01 thereof and such other documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this
Assignment and Acceptance; (ii) agrees that it will, independently and without
reliance upon the Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender and based on such
documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to
make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit
Agreement; (iii) confirms that it is an Eligible Assignee; (iv) appoints and
authorizes the Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise
such powers and discretion under the Credit Agreement as are delegated to the
Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers and discretion as are
reasonably incidental thereto; (v) agrees that it will perform in accordance
with their terms all of the obligations that by the terms of the Credit
Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender; and (vi) attaches any
U.S. Internal Revenue Service forms required under Section 2.14 of the Credit
Agreement.



4. Following the execution of this Assignment and Acceptance, it will be
delivered to the Agent for acceptance and recording by the Agent. The
effective date for this Assignment and Acceptance (the “Effective Date”) shall
be the date of acceptance hereof by the Agent, unless otherwise specified on
Schedule 1 hereto.



5. Upon such acceptance and recording by the Agent, as of the Effective
Date, (i) the Assignee shall be a party to the Credit Agreement and, to the
extent provided in this Assignment and Acceptance,


















have the rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder and (ii) the
Assignor shall, to the extent provided in this Assignment and Acceptance,
relinquish its rights and be released from its obligations under the Credit
Agreement.




6. Upon such acceptance and recording by the Agent, from and after the
Effective Date, the Agent shall make all payments under the Credit Agreement
and the Notes in respect of the interest assigned hereby (including, without
limitation, all payments of principal, interest and facility fees with respect
thereto) to the Assignee. The Assignor and Assignee shall make all appropriate
adjustments in payments under the Credit Agreement and the Notes for periods
prior to the Effective Date directly between themselves.



7. This Assignment and Acceptance shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.



8. This Assignment and Acceptance may be executed in any number of
counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of
which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken
together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed
counterpart of Schedule 1 to this Assignment and Acceptance by telecopier shall
be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment
and Acceptance.



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Assignor and the Assignee have caused Schedule 1
to this Assignment and Acceptance to be executed by their officers thereunto
duly authorized as of the date specified thereon.



2















Schedule 1

to

Assignment and Acceptance





Revolving Credit Facility

Percentage interest assigned:
%
Assignee’s Revolving Credit Commitment:
$
Aggregate outstanding principal amount of Advances assigned:
$
Principal amount of Revolving Credit Note payable to Assignee:
$
Principal amount of Revolving Credit Note payable to Assignor:
$
Term Facility

Percentage interest assigned:
%
Assignee’s Revolving Credit Commitment:
$
Aggregate outstanding principal amount of Advances assigned:
$
Principal amount of Term Note payable to Assignee:
$
Principal amount of Term Note payable to Assignor:
$
Letter of Credit Facility

Percentage interest assigned:
%
Assignee’s Letter of Credit Commitment:
$
Effective
Date*:
200









[NAME OF ASSIGNOR], as Assignor




By






Title:


Dated:     ,
200













*	 	This date should be no earlier than five Business Days after the delivery of
this Assignment and Acceptance to the Agent.




3





















[NAME OF ASSIGNEE], as Assignee




By






Title:




Dated:
,200


Domestic Lending Office:
[Address]



Eurodollar Lending Office:
[Address]









Accepted [and Approved]** this

day
of         ,
200


CITICORP USA, INC., as Agent


By





Title:


[Approved this
day

of
,
200


GATX FINANCIAL CORPORATION


By





]*


Title:













**	 	Required if the Assignee is an Eligible Assignee solely by reason of clause
(iii) of the definition of “Eligible Assignee”.

*	 	Required if the Assignee is an Eligible Assignee solely by reason of clause
(iii) of the definition of “Eligible Assignee”.




4





















EXHIBIT D - FORM OF

OPINION OF COUNSEL

FOR THE BORROWER







[Effective Date]




To the Lenders parties to the

Credit Agreement referred to below and

Citicorp USA, Inc., as Agent

388 Greenwich Street

New York, NY 10013


Ladies and Gentlemen:



I have acted as counsel to GATX Financial Corporation, a Delaware corporation
(the “Company”) in connection with the Credit Agreement dated as of the date
hereof (the “Credit Agreement”) among the Company, the Lenders as defined in
the Credit Agreement, and Citicorp USA, Inc., as Administrative Agent.
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed
thereto in the Credit Agreement.



In my capacity as such counsel, I or other attorneys of the Company have
examined the Credit Agreement, as well as originals, or copies certified or
otherwise identified to my satisfaction, of such other records and documents as
I have deemed necessary as a basis for the opinions expressed below. In such
examination, I have assumed the genuineness of all documents submitted to me as
originals, and the conformity to the originals of all documents submitted to me
as copies.



Based upon the foregoing , it is my opinion that:





(a)	 	The Company is duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

(b)	 	The Credit Agreement and all certificates,
documents, instruments, and agreements delivered under or in
connection with the Credit Agreement, (i) have been properly
authorized by all necessary corporate action, (ii) do not
require the approval of any holder of shares, stocks, bonds,
debentures or other securities outstanding under any
agreement, indenture or other instrument to which the Company
is a party or by which the Company or its property may be
charged or affected and (iii) have been duly executed and
delivered on behalf of the Company;

(c)	 	The execution and delivery of the Credit
Agreement and all certificates, documents, instruments, and
agreements delivered under or in connection with the Credit
Agreement, or the fulfillment of their respective terms,
conditions, and provisions, or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by the Agreements are within the
Company’s corporate powers and do not and will not (i)
constitute a breach of any existing and outstanding
contractual or other obligation of the Company, (ii) violate
any provision of the charter or by-laws of the Company, (iii)
require the approval or the giving of prior notice to any
government, government agency, ministry, bureau or commission,
whether domestic or foreign, (iv) constitute a default under
or contravene any provisions of any agreement, indenture or
other instrument to which the Company is a party or by which
the Company or its property may be charged or affected, (v)
violate any judgment, order, injunction, decree or award of
any court, administrative agency or governmental body against,
or binding upon, the Company or (vi) constitute a violation by
the Company of any law, order or regulation applicable to the
Company; and

(d)	 	If the Credit Agreement were to be governed by
the law of the State of Illinois, the Credit Agreement and all
certificates, documents, instruments, and agreements delivered
under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, would
constitute legal, valid and binding obligations





















of the Company, and are enforceable in accordance with their
respective provisions, subject to (i) the application of general
principles of equity (regardless of whether considered in a
proceeding in equity or at law), including, without limitation,
(x) the possible unavailability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or any other equitable remedy and (y) concepts
of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing, and
(ii) all applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws, decrees or
regulations affecting the enforcement of creditor’s rights
generally.

(e)	 	To the best of my knowledge, there are no pending
or overtly threatened actions or proceedings against the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries before any court,
governmental agency or arbitrator that purport to affect the
legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of the
Credit Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated thereby or, except the Disclosed Litigation, that
are likely to have a materially adverse effect upon the
financial condition or operations of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries.

(f)	 	I express no opinion as to whether a Federal or
state court outside the State of New York would give effect to
the choice of New York law provided for in the Credit
Agreement.




I am licensed to practice in the State of Illinois. I express no opinion on
the law of any other jurisdiction other than law of the State of Illinois, the
General Corporation law of the state of Delaware and the federal laws of the
United States.





2




