






Credit Agreement



Exhibit 10.1




EXECUTION COPY




U.S. $300,000,000




CREDIT AGREEMENT




Dated as of September
23, 2005




Among




THE HERSHEY COMPANY,




as Borrower,




and




THE INITIAL LENDERS
NAMED HEREIN,




as Initial Lenders,




and




CITIBANK, N.A.,




as Administrative
Agent,




and




BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,




as Syndication Agent,




and




UBS LOAN FINANCE LLC,




as Documentation
Agent,




and




CITIGROUP GLOBAL
MARKETS INC.,




and




BANC OF AMERICA
SECURITIES LLC,




as Joint Lead
Arrangers and Joint Book Managers,











TABLE OF CONTENTS




ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS
AND ACCOUNTING TERMS


SECTION 1.01. Certain Defined Terms	 	1

SECTION 1.02. Computation of Time Periods	 	13

SECTION 1.03. Accounting Terms	 	13





ARTICLE II AMOUNTS AND
TERMS OF THE ADVANCES



SECTION 2.01. The Revolving Credit Advances	 	13

SECTION 2.02. Making the Revolving Credit Advances	 	14

SECTION 2.03. The Competitive Bid Advances	 	15

SECTION 2.04. Fees	 	19

SECTION 2.05. Termination, Reduction or Increase of the Commitments	 	20

SECTION 2.06. Repayment of Revolving Credit Advances	 	23

SECTION 2.07. Interest on Revolving Credit Advances	 	23

SECTION 2.08. Interest Rate Determination	 	24

SECTION 2.09. Optional Conversion of Revolving Credit Advances	 	25

SECTION 2.10. Optional Prepayments of Revolving Credit Advances	 	26

SECTION 2.11. Increased Costs	 	26

SECTION 2.12. Illegality	 	27

SECTION 2.13. Payments and Computations	 	28

SECTION 2.14. Taxes	 	29

SECTION 2.15. Sharing of Payments, Etc	 	31

SECTION 2.16. Use of Proceeds	 	31

SECTION 2.17. Mandatory Assignment by a Lender; Mitigation	 	31

SECTION 2.18. Evidence of Debt	 	32





ARTICLE III CONDITIONS TO
EFFECTIVENESS AND LENDING





i





SECTION 3.01. Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness of Sections 2.01 and 2.03	 	33

SECTION 3.02. Initial Borrowing of Each Designated Subsidiary	 	34

SECTION 3.03. Conditions Precedent to Each Revolving Credit Borrowing	 	35

SECTION 3.04. Conditions Precedent to Each Competitive Bid Borrowing	 	36

SECTION 3.05. Determinations Under Section 3.01	 	36





ARTICLE IV
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES



SECTION 4.01. Representations and Warranties of the Company	 	37






ARTICLE V COVENANTS OF
THE COMPANY



SECTION 5.01. Affirmative Covenants	 	39

SECTION 5.02. Negative Covenants	 	42

SECTION 5.03. Financial Covenant	 	43





ARTICLE VI EVENTS OF
DEFAULT



SECTION 6.01. Events of Default	 	44






ARTICLE VII GUARANTY


SECTION 7.01. Guaranty	 	46

SECTION 7.02. Guaranty Absolute	 	46

SECTION 7.03. Waivers and Acknowledgments	 	47

SECTION 7.04. Subrogation	 	48

SECTION 7.05. Continuing Guaranty; Assignments Under the Credit Agreement	 	48

SECTION 7.06. No Stay	 	48





ARTICLE VIII THE AGENT



SECTION 8.01. Authorization and Action	 	49

SECTION 8.02. Agent's Reliance, Etc	 	49

SECTION 8.03. Citibank and Affiliates	 	50

SECTION 8.04. Lender Credit Decision	 	50





ii






SECTION 8.05. Indemnification	 	50

SECTION 8.06. Successor Agent	 	50





ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS



SECTION 9.01. Amendments, Etc.	 	51

SECTION 9.02. Notices, Etc.	 	51

SECTION 9.03. No Waiver; Remedies	 	52

SECTION 9.04. Costs and Expenses	 	52

SECTION 9.05. Right of Set-off	 	54

SECTION 9.06. Binding Effect	 	54

SECTION 9.07. Assignments, Designations and Participations	 	55

SECTION 9.08. Designated Subsidiaries	 	57

SECTION 9.09. Confidentiality	 	58

SECTION 9.10. Governing Law	 	58

SECTION 9.11. Execution in Counterparts	 	58

SECTION 9.12. Jurisdiction, Etc.	 	58

SECTION 9.13. Patriot Act	 	59






SCHEDULES




Schedule I — List of
Applicable Lending Offices




Schedule 3.01(b) —
Disclosed Litigation




Schedule 4.01(c) — Required
Authorizations and Approvals




EXHIBITS




Exhibit A-1 —
Form of Revolving Credit Note




Exhibit A-2 — Form
of Competitive Bid Note




Exhibit B-1 —
Form of Notice of Revolving Credit Borrowing




Exhibit B-2 — Form
of Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing




iii







Exhibit C —
Form of Assignment and Acceptance




Exhibit D — Form
of Assumption Agreement




Exhibit E —
Form of Designation Letter




Exhibit F —
Form of Acceptance by Process Agent



Exhibit G —
Form of Opinion of Burton H. Snyder, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and
Secretary of the Company



Exhibit H —
Form of Opinion of Counsel to a Designated Subsidiary





iv







CREDIT AGREEMENT




Dated as of September
23, 2005



THE
HERSHEY COMPANY, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), the banks,
financial institutions and other institutional lenders (the “Initial Lenders”)
listed on the signature pages hereof, CITIBANK, N.A. (“Citibank”), as
administrative agent (the “Agent”) for the Lenders (as hereinafter
defined), BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as syndication agent, UBS LOAN FINANCE LLC, as
documentation agent, and CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC. and BANC OF AMERICA SECURITIES
LLC, as joint lead arrangers and joint book managers (the “Arrangers”),
agree as follows:








ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS AND
ACCOUNTING TERMS



SECTION
1.01. Certain Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall
have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular
and plural forms of the terms defined):







“Advance”
means a Revolving Credit Advance or a Competitive Bid Advance.







“Affiliate”
means, as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is
controlled by or is under common control with such Person or is a director or officer of
such Person. For purposes of this definition, the term “control” (including the
terms “controlling”, “controlled by” and “under common control
with”) of a Person means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to vote 5%
or more of the Voting Stock of such Person or to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of Voting Stock, by
contract or otherwise.







“Agent’s
Account” means the account of the Agent maintained by the Agent at Citibank with
its office at Two Penn’s Way, New Castle, Delaware 19720, Account No. 36852248,
Attention: Bank Loan Syndications.







“Applicable
Lending Office” means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender’s Domestic
Lending Office in the case of a Base Rate Advance and such Lender’s Eurodollar
Lending Office in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Advance and, in the case of a Competitive
Bid Advance, the office of such Lender notified by such Lender to the Agent as its
Applicable Lending Office with respect to such Competitive Bid Advance.










2



“Applicable
Margin” means (a) for Base Rate Advances, 0% per annum and (b) for
Eurodollar Rate Advances, as of any date, a percentage per annum determined by reference
to the Level in effect on such date as set forth below:






Level	Applicable Margin for Eurodollar
Rate
Advances


Level 1	0	.160%


Level 2	0	.200%


Level 3	0	.240%


Level 4	0	.330%


Level 5	0	.410%


Level 6	0	.625%






“Applicable
Percentage” means, as of any date, a percentage per annum determined by reference
to the Level in effect on such date as set forth below:






Level	Applicable

Percentage


Level 1	0	.040%


Level 2	0	.050%


Level 3	0	.060%


Level 4	0	.070%


Level 5	0	.090%


Level 6	0	.125%






“Applicable
Utilization Fee” means, as of any date that the aggregate Advances exceed 50% of
the aggregate Commitments, a percentage per annum determined by reference to the Level in
effect on such date as set forth below:






Level	Applicable

Utilization Fee


Level 1	0	.050%


Level 2	0	.050%


Level 3	0	.050%


Level 4	0	.100%


Level 5	0	.100%


Level 6	0	.125%






“Assignment
and Acceptance” means an assignment and acceptance entered into by a Lender and
an Eligible Assignee, and accepted by the Agent, in substantially the form of
Exhibit C hereto.







“Assuming
Lender” means an Eligible Assignee not previously a Lender that becomes a Lender
hereunder pursuant to Section 2.05(c).










3




“Assumption
Agreement” means an agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit D hereto
by which an Eligible Assignee agrees to become a Lender hereunder pursuant to Section
2.05(c), agreeing to be bound by all obligations of a Lender hereunder.







“Base
Rate” means a fluctuating interest rate per annum in effect from time to time,
which rate per annum shall at all times be equal to the higher of:







(a)              the
rate of interest announced publicly by Citibank in New York,  New York,
from time to time, as Citibank’s base rate; and







(b)              1/2
of one percent per annum above the Federal Funds Rate.







“Base
Rate Advance” means a Revolving Credit Advance that bears interest as provided
in Section 2.07(a)(i).







“Borrower”
means the Company or any Designated Subsidiary, as the context requires.







“Borrowing”
means a Revolving Credit Borrowing or a Competitive Bid Borrowing.







“Business
Day” means a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized by law
to close in New York City and, if the applicable Business Day relates to any
Eurodollar Rate Advance or LIBO Rate Advance, on which dealings are carried on in the
London interbank market.







“Change
of Control” means a change in the voting power of Hershey Trust Company, as
trustee for the Milton Hershey School (the “Hershey Trust”), such that
either (A) (i) it no longer controls a majority of the voting power of the
Company’s Voting Stock and (ii) at the same time, another Person or group of
Persons within the meaning of Section 13 or 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, controls a percentage of the voting power of the Company’s Voting
Stock in excess of the percentage controlled by the Hershey Trust or (B) it no longer
controls at least 30% of the voting power of the Company’s Voting Stock.







“Commitment”
has the meaning specified in Section 2.01.







“Commitment
Increase” has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c)(i).







“Commitment
Increase Date” has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c)(i).







“Competitive
Bid Advance” means an advance by a Lender to any Borrower as part of a
Competitive Bid Borrowing resulting from the competitive bidding procedure described in
Section 2.03 and refers to a Fixed Rate Advance or a LIBO Rate Advance.







“Competitive
Bid Borrowing” means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Competitive Bid
Advances from each of the Lenders whose offer to make one or more









4



Competitive
Bid Advances as part of such borrowing has been accepted under the competitive bidding
procedure described in Section 2.03.








“Competitive
Bid Note” means a promissory note of any Borrower payable to the order of any
Lender, in substantially the form of Exhibit A-2 hereto, evidencing the indebtedness
of such Borrower to such Lender resulting from a Competitive Bid Advance made by such
Lender to such Borrower.







“Competitive
Bid Reduction” has the meaning specified in Section 2.01.







“Confidential
Information” means any non-public or proprietary information disclosed by any
Borrower to the Agent or any Lender that such Borrower indicates is to be treated
confidentially, but does not include any such information that is or becomes generally
available to the public or that is or becomes available to the Agent or such Lender on a
non-confidential basis from a source other than such Borrower, which source is not, to the
best knowledge of the Agent or such Lender, subject to a confidentiality agreement with
such Borrower.







“Consolidated”
refers to the consolidation of accounts in accordance with GAAP.







“Consolidated
Interest Expense” means, for any period with respect to the Company and its
Subsidiaries, net interest expense plus capitalized interest for such period, in
each case determined on a Consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.







“Consolidated
Net Interest Expense” means, for any period with respect to the Company and its
Subsidiaries, interest expense minus capitalized interest and interest income for
such period, in each case determined on a Consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.







“Convert”,
“Conversion” and “Converted” each refers to a conversion
of Revolving Credit Advances of one Type into Revolving Credit Advances of the other Type
pursuant to Section 2.08 or 2.09.







“Debt”
means, with respect to any Person: (a) indebtedness for borrowed money, (b) obligations
evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments, (c) obligations to pay
the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables incurred in
the ordinary course of business), (d) obligations as lessee under leases which shall have
been or should be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capital leases, (e) all
obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of acceptances, letters of
credit (other than trade letters of credit) or similar extensions of credit and (f)
obligations under direct or indirect guaranties in respect of, and obligations, contingent
or otherwise, to purchase or otherwise acquire, or otherwise to assure a creditor against
loss in respect of, indebtedness or obligations of any other Person of the kinds referred
to in clauses (a) through (d) above.







“Default”
means any Event of Default or any event that would constitute an Event of Default but for
the requirement that notice be given or time elapse or both.










5




“Designated
Subsidiary” means any corporate Subsidiary of the Company designated for
borrowing privileges under this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.08.







“Designation
Letter” means, with respect to any Designated Subsidiary, a letter in the form of
Exhibit E hereto signed by such Designated Subsidiary and the Company.







“Disclosed
Litigation” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(b).







“Domestic
Lending Office” means, with respect to any Initial Lender, the office of such
Lender specified as its “Domestic Lending Office” opposite its name on
Schedule I hereto or, with respect to any other Lender, the office of such Lender
specified as its “Domestic Lending Office” in the Assumption Agreement or in the
Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender, or such other office of
such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify to the Company and the Agent.







“Effective
Date” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01.







“Eligible
Assignee” means (a) a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender which is principally
engaged in the commercial banking business, and (b) any bank or other financial
institution, or any other Person, that has been approved in writing by the Company and the
Agent as an Eligible Assignee for purposes of this Agreement; provided,
however, that neither the Company’s nor the Agent’s approval shall be
unreasonably withheld; and provided further, however, that the
Company may withhold its approval if the Company reasonably believes that an assignment to
such Eligible Assignee pursuant to Section 9.07 will result in the incurrence of increased
costs payable by any Borrower pursuant to Section 2.11 or 2.14.







“Environmental
Action” means any administrative, regulatory or judicial action, suit, demand,
demand letter, claim, notice, investigation, proceeding, consent order or consent
agreement relating to any Environmental Law, Environmental Permit or Hazardous Materials
or arising from alleged injury to health, safety or the environment.







“Environmental
Law” means any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, ordinance, rule,
regulation, code, order, judgment, decree or judicial or agency interpretation, policy or
guidance relating to pollution or protection of the environment, health, safety or natural
resources, including, without limitation, those relating to the use, handling,
transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, release or discharge of Hazardous Materials.







“Environmental
Permit” means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other
authorization required under any Environmental Law.







“ERISA”
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time,
and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder.









6




“ERISA
Affiliate” means any Person that for purposes of Title IV of ERISA is a
member of the Company’s controlled group, or under common control with the Company,
within the meaning of Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code.







“ERISA
Event” means (a) (i) the occurrence of a reportable event, within the
meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA, with respect to any Plan unless the 30-day notice
requirement with respect to such event has been waived by the PBGC, or (ii) the
requirements of subsection (1) of Section 4043(b) of ERISA (without regard to subsection
(2) of such Section) are met with a contributing sponsor, as defined in Section
4001(a)(13) of ERISA, of a Plan, and an event described in paragraph (9), (10), (11),
(12) or (13) of Section 4043(c) of ERISA is reasonably expected to occur with respect to
such Plan within the following 30 days; (b) the application for a minimum funding
waiver with respect to a Plan; (c) the provision by the administrator of any Plan of
a notice of intent to terminate such Plan pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA
(including any such notice with respect to a plan amendment referred to in
Section 4041(e) of ERISA); (d) the cessation of operations at a facility of the
Company or any ERISA affiliate in the circumstances described in Section 4062(e) of
ERISA; (e) the withdrawal by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiple
Employer Plan during a plan year for which it was a substantial employer, as defined in
Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA; (f) the conditions for the imposition of a lien
under Section 302(f) of ERISA shall have been met with respect to any Plan;
(g) the adoption of an amendment to a Plan requiring the provision of security to
such Plan pursuant to Section 307 of ERISA; or (h) the institution by the PBGC
of proceedings to terminate a Plan pursuant to Section 4042 of ERISA, or the
occurrence of any event or condition described in Section 4042 of ERISA that
constitutes grounds for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer,
such Plan.







“Eurocurrency
Liabilities” has the meaning assigned to that term in Regulation D of the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time.







“Eurodollar
Lending Office” means, with respect to any Initial Lender, the office of such
Lender specified as its “Eurodollar Lending Office” opposite its name on
Schedule I hereto or, with respect to any other Lender, the office of such Lender
specified as its “Eurodollar Lending Office” in the Assumption Agreement or in
the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender (or, if no such office
is specified, its Domestic Lending Office), or such other office of such Lender as such
Lender may from time to time specify to the Company and the Agent.







“Eurodollar
Rate” means, for any Interest Period for each Eurodollar Rate Advance comprising
part of the same Revolving Credit Borrowing, an interest rate per annum equal to the rate
per annum (rounded upward to the nearest whole multiple of 1/16 of 1% per annum) appearing
on Moneyline Telerate Markets Page 3750 (or any successor page) as the London interbank
offered rate for deposits in U.S. dollars at approximately 11:00 A.M. (London time) two
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period for a term comparable to such
Interest Period or, if for any reason such rate is not available, the average
(rounded upward to the nearest whole multiple of 1/16 of 1% per annum, if such average is
not such a multiple) of the rate per annum at which deposits in









7



U.S.
dollars are offered by the principal office of each of the Reference Banks in London,
England to prime banks in the London interbank market at 11:00 A.M. (London time)
two Business Days before the first day of such Interest Period in an amount substantially
equal to such Reference Bank’s Eurodollar Rate Advance comprising part of such
Revolving Credit Borrowing to be outstanding during such Interest Period and for a period
equal to such Interest Period. If Moneyline Telerate Markets Page 3750 (or any successor
page) is unavailable, the Eurodollar Rate for any Interest Period for each Eurodollar
Rate Advance comprising part of the same Revolving Credit Borrowing shall be determined
by the Agent on the basis of applicable rates furnished to and received by the Agent from
the Reference Banks two Business Days before the first day of such Interest Period, subject,
however, to the provisions of Section 2.08.








“Eurodollar
Rate Advance” means a Revolving Credit Advance that bears interest as provided
in Section 2.07(a)(ii).







“Eurodollar
Rate Reserve Percentage” with respect to any Lender for any Interest Period for
all Eurodollar Rate Advances or LIBO Rate Advances comprising part of the same Borrowing
means the reserve percentage applicable during such Interest Period (or, if more than one
such percentage shall be so applicable, the daily average of such percentages for those
days in such Interest Period during which any such percentage shall be so applicable)
under regulations issued from time to time by the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System (or any successor) for determining the reserve requirement (including,
without limitation, any emergency, supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement)
actually imposed on such Lender with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or
including Eurocurrency Liabilities (or with respect to any other category of liabilities
that includes deposits by reference to which the interest rate on Eurodollar Rate Advances
or LIBO Rate Advances is determined) having a term equal to such Interest Period.







“Events
of Default” has the meaning specified in Section 6.01.







“Excluded
Taxes” has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a).







“Federal
Funds Rate” means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal
for each day during such period to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal
funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds
brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next
preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is
not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for
such day on such transactions received by the Agent from three Federal funds brokers of
recognized standing selected by it.







“Fixed
Rate Advances” has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(a)(i).







“GAAP”
has the meaning specified in Section 1.03.







“Guaranty”
means the guaranty made by the Company to the Lenders and the Agent pursuant to Article VII.









8




“Guaranteed
Obligations” has the meaning specified in Section 7.01(a).







“Hazardous
Materials” means (a) petroleum and petroleum products, byproducts or breakdown
products, radioactive materials, asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls
and radon gas and (b) any other chemicals, materials or substances designated, classified
or regulated as hazardous or toxic or as a pollutant or contaminant under any
Environmental Law.







“Increasing
Lender” has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c)(i).







“Insufficiency”
means, with respect to any Plan, the amount, if any, of its unfunded benefit liabilities,
as defined in Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA.







“Interest
Period” means, for each Eurodollar Rate Advance comprising part of the same
Revolving Credit Borrowing and each LIBO Rate Advance comprising part of the same
Competitive Bid Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Eurodollar Rate
Advance or LIBO Rate Advance or the date of the Conversion of any Base Rate Advance into
such Eurodollar Rate Advance and ending on the last day of the period selected by the
Borrower that requested such Borrowing pursuant to the provisions below and, thereafter,
with respect to Eurodollar Rate Advances, each subsequent period commencing on the last
day of the immediately preceding Interest Period and ending on the last day of the period
selected by such Borrower pursuant to the provisions below. The duration of each such
Interest Period shall be one, two, three or six months, as the applicable Borrower may,
upon notice received by the Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time)
on the third Business Day prior to the first day of such Interest Period, select;
provided, however, that:







(i)
such Borrower may not select any Interest Period that ends after the
Termination Date;







(ii)
Interest Periods commencing on the same date for Eurodollar Rate Advances
comprising part of the same Revolving Credit Borrowing or for LIBO Rate
Advances  comprising part of the same Competitive Bid Borrowing shall be of
the same duration;







(iii)
whenever the last day of any  Interest  Period  would  otherwise  occur on a day
other  than a  Business  Day,  the last  day of such  Interest  Period  shall be
extended  to  occur  on  the  next  succeeding  Business  Day,  provided,
however,  that,  if such  extension  would  cause  the  last  day of such
Interest Period to occur in the next following  calendar month,  the last day of
such Interest Period shall occur on the next preceding Business Day; and







(iv)
whenever  the first day of any  Interest  Period  occurs on a day of an  initial
calendar  month  for  which  there is no  numerically  corresponding  day in the
calendar month that succeeds such initial calendar month by the number of months
equal to the number of months in such  Interest  Period,  such  Interest  Period
shall end on the last Business Day of such succeeding calendar month.









9




“Internal
Revenue Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to
time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder.







“Lenders”
means, collectively, each of the banks, financial institutions and other institutional
lenders listed on Schedule I hereto, each Assuming Lender that shall become a party hereto
pursuant to Section 2.05(c) and each Eligible Assignee that shall become a party hereto
pursuant to Section 9.07.







“Level”
means, as of any date, the lowest of Level 1, Level 2, Level 3,
Level 4, Level 5 or Level 6 then applicable to the Public Debt Rating.







“Level 1”
means that either (a) S&P shall have assigned a rating of at least AA- or (b)
Moody’s shall have assigned a rating of at least Aa3.







“Level 2”
means that either (a) S&P shall have assigned a rating lower than AA- but at least A+
or (b) Moody’s shall have assigned a rating lower than Aa3 but at least A1.







“Level 3”
means that either (a) S&P shall have assigned a rating lower than A+ but at least A or
(b) Moody’s shall have assigned a rating lower than A1 but at least A2.







“Level 4”
means that either (a) S&P shall have assigned a rating lower than A but at least A- or
(b) Moody’s shall have assigned a rating lower than A2 but at least A3.







“Level 5”
means that either (a) S&P shall have assigned a rating lower than A- but at least BBB+
or (b) Moody’s shall have assigned a rating lower than A3 but at least Baa1.







“Level
6” means that the Company has not met the criteria for Level 1, Level 2, Level
3, Level 4 and Level 5.







“LIBO
Rate” means, for any Interest Period for all LIBO Rate Advances comprising part
of the same Competitive Bid Borrowing, an interest rate per annum equal to the rate per
annum (rounded upward to the nearest whole multiple of 1/16 of 1% per annum) appearing on
Moneyline Telerate Markets Page 3750 (or any successor page) as the London interbank
offered rate for deposits in U.S. dollars at approximately 11:00 A.M. (London time) two
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period for a term comparable to such
Interest Period or, if for any reason such rate is not available, the average
(rounded upward to the nearest whole multiple of 1/16 of 1% per annum, or if there is no
nearest whole multiple of 1/16 of 1% per annum, then rounded upward to the nearest whole
multiple of 1/16 of 1% per annum, if such average is not such a multiple) of the rate per
annum at which deposits in U.S. dollars are offered by the principal office of each of the
Reference Banks in London, England to prime banks in the London interbank market at
11:00 A.M. (London time) two Business Days before the first day of such Interest
Period in an amount substantially equal to the amount that would be such Reference
Bank’s respective ratable share of such Borrowing if such Borrowing were to be a
Revolving Credit Borrowing to be outstanding during such Interest Period and for a period
equal to such Interest Period. If Moneyline Telerate Markets Page 3750 (or any









10





successor
page) is unavailable, the LIBO Rate for any Interest Period for each LIBO Rate Advance
comprising part of the same Competitive Bid Borrowing shall be determined by the Agent on
the basis of applicable rates furnished to and received by the Agent from the Reference
Banks two Business Days before the first day of such Interest Period, subject, however,
to the provisions of Section 2.08.







“LIBO
Rate Advances” has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(a)(i).







“Lien”
means any mortgage, pledge, lien, security interest, conditional sale or other title
retention agreement or other similar charge or encumbrance.







“Majority
Lenders” means at any time Lenders owed at least 51% of the then aggregate unpaid
principal amount of the Revolving Credit Advances owing to Lenders, or, if no such
principal amount is then outstanding, Lenders having at least 51% of the Commitments.







“Material
Adverse Change” means any material adverse change in the business, financial
condition, operations, performance or principal manufacturing properties of the Company
and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.







“Material
Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on (a) the business,
financial condition, operations, performance or principal manufacturing properties of the
Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the rights and remedies of the
Agent or the Lenders under this Agreement or any Note or (c) the ability of any
Borrower to perform its obligations (other than payment obligations) under this Agreement
or any Note.







“Material
Subsidiary” means, at any date of determination, a Subsidiary of the Company
that, either individually or together with its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, has total
assets exceeding $300,000,000 on such date.







“Moody’s”
means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., or its successor.







“Multiemployer
Plan” means a multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA,
to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate is making or accruing an obligation to make
contributions, or has within any of the preceding five plan years made or accrued an
obligation to make contributions.







“Multiple
Employer Plan” means a single employer plan, as defined in
Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained for employees of the
Company or any ERISA Affiliate and at least one Person other than the Company and the
ERISA Affiliates or (b) was so maintained and in respect of which the Company or any
ERISA Affiliate could have liability under Section 4064 or 4069 of ERISA in the event
such plan has been or were to be terminated.







“Note”
means a Revolving Credit Note or a Competitive Bid Note.









11



“Notice
of Revolving Credit Borrowing” has the meaning specified in Section 2.02(a).







“Notice
of Competitive Bid Borrowing” has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(a).







“Other
Taxes” has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(b).







“PBGC”
means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (or any successor).







“Permitted
Liens” means such of the following as to which no enforcement, collection,
execution, levy or foreclosure proceeding shall have been commenced: (a) Liens for
taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies to the extent not required to be
paid under Section 5.01(b) hereof; (b) Liens imposed by law, such as
materialmen’s, mechanics’, carriers’, workmen’s and repairmen’s
Liens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business; (c) pledges
or deposits to secure obligations under workers’ compensation laws or similar
legislation or to secure public or statutory obligations; (d) easements, rights of
way and other encumbrances on title to real property that do not render title to the
property encumbered thereby unmarketable or materially adversely affect the use of such
property for its present purposes; (e) Liens arising under leases or subleases granted to
others that would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (f) Liens granted in connection with any
interest rate or foreign currency options, commodity contracts, futures or similar
agreements entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course
of business; and (g) Liens granted in connection with corporate-owned life insurance
programs of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.







“Person”
means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), joint stock
company, trust, unincorporated association, limited liability company or other entity, or
a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof.







“Plan”
means a Single Employer Plan or a Multiple Employer Plan.







“Pre-Tax
Income from Continuing Operations” means, for any period with respect to the
Company and its Subsidiaries, net income (or net loss) from operations (determined without
giving effect to extraordinary or non-recurring gains or losses) plus the sum of
(a) Consolidated Net Interest Expense, (b) income tax expense and (c) non-recurring
non-cash charges (including the cumulative effect of accounting changes, restructuring
charges and gains or losses from the sale of businesses), in each case determined on a
Consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided, however, that the LIFO
adjustment to the determination of Pre-Tax Income from Continuing Operations for purposes
of the quarterly financial statements and the compliance certificate delivered pursuant to
Section 5.01(h)(i) shall be made in accordance with the Company’s best estimation.







“Process
Agent” has the meaning specified in Section 9.12(a).









12



“Public
Debt Rating” means, as of any date, the lowest rating that has been most recently
and officially announced by either S&P or Moody’s, as the case may be, for any
class of non-credit enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt issued by the Company. For
purposes of the foregoing, (a) if only one of S&P and Moody’s shall have in
effect a Public Debt Rating for the Company, the Applicable Margin, the Applicable
Percentage and the Applicable Utilization Fee shall be determined by reference to the
available rating; (b) if neither S&P nor Moody’s shall have in effect a
Public Debt Rating for the Company, the Applicable Margin, the Applicable Percentage and
the Applicable Utilization Fee will be set in accordance with Level 6 under the
definition of “Applicable Margin”, “Applicable
Percentage” or “Applicable Utilization Fee”, as the case may be;
(c) if the ratings established by S&P and Moody’s shall fall within
different levels, the Applicable Margin, the Applicable Percentage and the Applicable
Utilization Fee shall be based upon the higher rating, provided that if the lower
of such ratings is more than one level below the higher of such ratings, the Applicable
Margin, the Applicable Percentage and the Applicable Utilization Fee shall be determined
by reference to the level that is one level above such lower rating; (d)  if any
rating established by S&P or Moody’s shall be changed, such change shall be
effective as of the date on which such change is first announced publicly by the rating
agency making such change (regardless of the effective date thereof); and (e) if
S&P or Moody’s shall change the basis on which ratings are established, each
reference to the Public Debt Rating announced by S&P or Moody’s, as the case may
be, shall refer to the then equivalent rating by S&P or Moody’s, as the case may
be.







“Reference
Banks” means Citibank, Bank of America, N.A. and UBS AG, Stamford Branch, or, in
the event that less than two of such Lenders remain Lenders hereunder at any time, any
other commercial bank designated by the Company and approved by the Majority Lenders as
constituting a “Reference Bank” hereunder.







“Register”
has the meaning specified in Section 9.07(d).







“Revolving
Credit Advance” means an advance by a Lender to any Borrower as part of a
Revolving Credit Borrowing by such Borrower and refers to a Base Rate Advance or a
Eurodollar Rate Advance (each of which shall be a “Type” of Revolving
Credit Advance).







“Revolving
Credit Borrowing” means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Revolving Credit
Advances of the same Type made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01.







“Revolving
Credit Note” means a promissory note of any Borrower payable to the order of any
Lender, delivered pursuant to a request made under 2.18(a) in substantially the form of
Exhibit A-1 hereto, evidencing the aggregate indebtedness of such Borrower to such
Lender resulting from the Revolving Credit Advances made by such Lender to such Borrower.







“S&P”
means Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies,
Inc., or its successor.









13



“Single
Employer Plan” means a single employer plan, as defined in
Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained for employees of the
Company or any ERISA Affiliate and no Person other than the Company and the ERISA
Affiliates or (b) was so maintained and in respect of which the Company or any ERISA
Affiliate could have liability under Section 4069 of ERISA in the event such plan has
been or were to be terminated.







“Subsidiary”
of any Person means any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or
estate of which (or in which) more than 50% of (a) the issued and outstanding capital
stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such
corporation (irrespective of whether at the time capital stock of any other class or
classes of such corporation shall or might have voting power upon the occurrence of any
contingency), (b) the interest in the capital or profits of such limited liability
company or partnership or (c) the beneficial interest in such trust or estate is at
the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person, by such Person and one
or more of its other Subsidiaries or by one or more of such Person’s other
Subsidiaries.







“Taxes”
has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a).







“Termination
Date” means the earlier of (a) December 30, 2005 or (b) the date of termination
in whole of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.05(a), 2.05(b) or 6.01.







“Voting
Stock” means capital stock issued by a corporation, or equivalent interests in
any other Person, the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies,
entitled to vote for the election of directors (or persons performing similar functions)
of such Person, even if the right so to vote has been suspended by the happening of such a
contingency.







“Withdrawal
Liability” has the meaning specified in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV
of ERISA.







SECTION
1.02. Computation of Time Periods. In this Agreement in the computation of periods
of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word “from” means
“from and including” and the words “to” and “until” each
mean “to but excluding”.







SECTION
1.03. Accounting Terms. All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall
be construed in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States consistent with those applied in the preparation of the financial statements
referred to in Section 4.01(e) (“GAAP”).








ARTICLE II
AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF
THE ADVANCES



SECTION
2.01. The Revolving Credit Advances. Each Lender severally agrees, on the terms
and conditions hereinafter set forth, to make Revolving Credit Advances to any Borrower
from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Effective Date until









14






the
Termination Date in an aggregate amount for all Borrowers not to exceed at any time
outstanding (a) the amount set forth opposite such Lender’s name on Schedule I
hereto or (b) if such Lender has become a Lender hereunder pursuant to an Assumption
Agreement or has increased its Commitment pursuant to Section 2.05(c), or if such Lender
has entered into any Assignment and Acceptance, the amount set forth for such Lender in
the Register maintained by the Agent pursuant to Section 9.07(d), in each case as
such amount may be reduced pursuant to Section 2.05(a) or (b) (such Lender’s
“Commitment”), provided that the aggregate amount of the
Commitments of the Lenders shall be deemed used from time to time to the extent of the
aggregate amount of the Competitive Bid Advances then outstanding and such deemed use of
the aggregate amount of the Commitments shall be allocated among the Lenders ratably
according to their respective Commitments (such deemed use of the aggregate amount of the
Commitments being a “Competitive Bid Reduction”). Each Revolving Credit
Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount of $5,000,000 or an integral multiple of
$1,000,000 in excess thereof (or, if less, an aggregate amount equal to the amount by
which the aggregate amount of a proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing requested by any
Borrower exceeds the aggregate amount of Competitive Bid Advances offered to be made by
the Lenders and accepted by such Borrower in respect of such Competitive Bid Borrowing,
if such Competitive Bid Borrowing is made on the same date and by the same Borrower as
such Revolving Credit Borrowing) and shall consist of Revolving Credit Advances of the
same Type made on the same day by the Lenders ratably according to their respective
Commitments. Within the limits of each Lender’s Commitment, any Borrower may borrow
under this Section 2.01, prepay pursuant to Section 2.10 and reborrow under this
Section 2.01.







SECTION
2.02. Making the Revolving Credit Advances. (a) Each Revolving Credit Borrowing
shall be made on notice, given not later than (i) 11:00 A.M. (New York
City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Revolving Credit
Borrowing in the case of a Revolving Credit Borrowing consisting of Eurodollar Rate
Advances or (ii) 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the day of the proposed Revolving
Credit Borrowing in the case of a Revolving Credit Borrowing consisting of Base Rate
Advances, by any Borrower to the Agent, which shall give to each Lender prompt notice
thereof by telecopier or telex. Each such notice of a Revolving Credit Borrowing (a “Notice
of Revolving Credit Borrowing”) shall be by telephone, confirmed immediately in
writing, or telecopier or telex in substantially the form of Exhibit B-1 hereto,
specifying therein the requested (w) date of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, (x) Type
of Advances comprising such Revolving Credit Borrowing, (y) aggregate amount of such
Revolving Credit Borrowing, and (z) in the case of a Revolving Credit Borrowing
consisting of Eurodollar Rate Advances, initial Interest Period for each such Revolving
Credit Advance. Each Lender shall, before (i) in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Advance,
11:00 A.M. (New York City time) or (ii) in the case of a Base Rate Advance,
1:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the date of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, make
available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the Agent at the Agent’s
Account, in same day funds, such Lender’s ratable portion of such Revolving Credit
Borrowing. After the Agent’s receipt of such funds and upon fulfillment of the
applicable conditions set forth in Article III, the Agent will make such funds
available to the Borrower requesting the Revolving Credit Borrowing at the Agent’s
address referred to in Section 9.02.









15



(b)              Anything
herein to the contrary  notwithstanding,  a Borrower  may not select  Eurodollar
Rate  Advances  for any  Revolving  Credit  Borrowing if the  obligation  of the
Lenders to make  Eurodollar  Rate Advances  shall then be suspended  pursuant to
Section 2.08 or 2.12.







(c)              Each
Notice of Revolving  Credit  Borrowing of any Borrower shall be irrevocable  and
binding on such Borrower. In the case of any Revolving Credit Borrowing that the
related  Notice of Revolving  Credit  Borrowing  specifies is to be comprised of
Eurodollar  Rate  Advances,   the  Borrower  requesting  such  Revolving  Credit
Borrowing  shall  indemnify each Lender,  after receipt of a written  request by
such  Lender  setting  forth in  reasonable  detail the basis for such  request,
against any loss, cost or expense  actually  incurred by such Lender as a result
of any failure by such  Borrower to fulfill on or before the date  specified  in
such Notice of Revolving  Credit  Borrowing for such Revolving  Credit Borrowing
the applicable  conditions  set forth in  Article III,  including,  without
limitation,  any loss (other than loss of anticipated profits),  cost or expense
actually  incurred by reason of the  liquidation or  reemployment of deposits or
other funds  acquired by such Lender to fund the Revolving  Credit Advance to be
made  by such  Lender  as part of such  Revolving  Credit  Borrowing  when  such
Revolving Credit Advance, as a result of such failure, is not made on such date.








(d)              Unless
the Agent  shall have  received  notice  from a Lender  prior to the date of any
Revolving Credit Borrowing comprised of Eurodollar Rate Advances or prior to the
time of the proposed disbursement of any Revolving Credit Borrowing comprised of
Base Rate  Advances  that such Lender will not make  available to the Agent such
Lender’s ratable portion of such Revolving Credit Borrowing,  the Agent may
assume that such Lender has made such portion available to the Agent on the date
of such Revolving  Credit  Borrowing in accordance with  subsection (a)  of
this Section 2.02 and the Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make
available to the Borrower  requesting  such Revolving  Credit  Borrowing on such
date a  corresponding  amount.  If and to the extent that such Lender  shall not
have so made such ratable portion  available to the Agent,  such Lender and such
Borrower  severally  agree  to repay  to the  Agent  forthwith  on  demand  such
corresponding  amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date
such amount is made  available  to such  Borrower  until the date such amount is
repaid to the Agent, at (i) in the case of such Borrower, the interest rate
applicable at the time to Revolving  Credit  Advances  comprising such Revolving
Credit  Borrowing and  (ii) in  the case of such Lender,  the Federal Funds
Rate. If such Lender shall repay to the Agent such  corresponding  amount,  such
amount so repaid shall constitute such Lender’s Revolving Credit Advance as
part of such Revolving Credit Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement.







(e)              The
failure of any Lender to make the Revolving  Credit  Advance to be made by it as
part of any Revolving Credit Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its
obligation,  if any,  hereunder to make its Revolving Credit Advance on the date
of such Revolving Credit  Borrowing,  but no Lender shall be responsible for the
failure of any other Lender to make the Revolving  Credit  Advance to be made by
such other Lender on the date of any Revolving Credit Borrowing.







SECTION
2.03. The Competitive Bid Advances. (a) Each Lender severally agrees that any
Borrower may make Competitive Bid Borrowings under this Section 2.03 from time to
time on any Business Day during the period from the date hereof until the date occurring
30 days prior to the Termination Date in the manner set forth below; provided that,
following the












16




making
of each Competitive Bid Borrowing, the aggregate amount of the Advances then outstanding
shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Lenders (computed without
regard to any Competitive Bid Reduction).







(i)
A  Borrower   may  request  a   Competitive   Bid   Borrowing   under  this Section 2.03
by delivering to the Agent,  by telecopier or telex, a notice of  a  Competitive   Bid
Borrowing  (a   “Notice   of  Competitive  Bid Borrowing”),  in
substantially  the form of  Exhibit B-2  hereto, specifying therein the requested
(u) date of such proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing, (v) aggregate amount of
such proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing, (w) interest  rate basis (LIBO Rate or fixed
rate) to be offered by the Lenders, (x) in  the case of a  Competitive  Bid
Borrowing  consisting of LIBO Rate Advances,  Interest Period of each Competitive Bid
Advance to be made as part of such  Competitive  Bid Borrowing,  or in the case of a
Competitive Bid Borrowing Consisting  of Fixed Rate  Advances,  maturity  date for
repayment of each Fixed Rate  Advance  to be  made as part of  such  Competitive  Bid
Borrowing  (which maturity  date may not be earlier than the date  occurring 7 days
after the date of such Competitive Bid Borrowing or later than the earlier of (I) 180
days after the date of such Competitive Bid Borrowing and  (II) the  Termination
Date),   (y) interest   payment  date  or  dates  relating   thereto,   and (z) other
terms  (if  any)  to  be  applicable  to  such  Competitive  Bid Borrowing, not later
than 10:00 A.M.  (New York City time) (A) at least  one  Business  Day
prior to the  date of the  proposed  Competitive  Bid Borrowing,  if such  Borrower
shall  specify in the Notice of  Competitive  Bid Borrowing that the rates of interest
to be offered by the Lenders shall be fixed rates per annum (the  Advances  comprising
any such  Competitive  Bid Borrowing being  referred  to  herein  as  “Fixed
Rate   Advances”)  and (B) at  least  four  Business  Days  prior  to the
date  of  the  proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing,  if such Borrower shall instead
specify in the Notice of  Competitive  Bid  Borrowing  that the rates of interest to be
offered by the Lenders  are  to be  based  on the  LIBO  Rate  (the  Advances  comprising
such Competitive  Bid  Borrowing  being  referred  to  herein as  “LIBO  Rate
Advances”).  Each Notice of  Competitive  Bid  Borrowing  of a Borrower shall be
irrevocable and binding on such Borrower. Any Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing by a
Designated  Subsidiary  shall be given to the Agent in accordance with the  preceding
sentence  through the Company on behalf of such  Designated Subsidiary.  The Agent shall
in turn promptly notify each Lender of each request for a Competitive  Bid Borrowing
received by it from a Borrower by sending such Lender a copy of the related Notice of
Competitive Bid Borrowing.







(ii)
Each Lender may, if, in its sole discretion, it elects to do so, irrevocably
offer to make  one or  more  Competitive  Bid  Advances  to the  Borrower  proposing  the
Competitive Bid Borrowing as part of such proposed  Competitive Bid Borrowing at a rate
or rates of interest specified by such Lender in its sole discretion,  by notifying the
Agent (which shall give prompt notice  thereof to such  Borrower), before  9:30 A.M.
(New York  City time) on the date of such  proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing, in
the case of a Competitive Bid Borrowing consisting of Fixed Rate Advances and before
10:00 A.M. (New York City time) three Business Days before the date of such proposed
Competitive Bid Borrowing,  in the case of a Competitive  Bid Borrowing  consisting of
LIBO Rate  Advances,  of the minimum amount and maximum  amount of each  Competitive  Bid
Advance  which such Lender would be  willing to make as part of such









17




proposed
Competitive  Bid  Borrowing (which  amounts  may,  subject  to the  proviso  to the
first  sentence  of this Section 2.03(a), exceed such Lender’s Commitment, if
any), the rate or rates of interest therefor and such Lender’s Applicable Lending
Office with respect to such  Competitive Bid Advance; provided  that if the Agent
in its capacity as a Lender shall, in its sole  discretion,  elect to make any such
offer,  it shall notify such  Borrower of such offer at least 30 minutes  before the time
and on the date on which notice of such  election is to be given to the Agent by the
other Lenders. If any Lender shall elect not to make such an offer, such Lender  shall so
notify the Agent,  before  10:00 A.M.  (New York City time) on the date on
which  notice of such  election  is to be given to the Agent by the other Lenders, and
such Lender shall not be obligated to, and shall not, make any Competitive Bid Advance as
part of such Competitive Bid Borrowing; provided  that the  failure by any Lender
to give such  notice  shall not cause such Lender to be obligated to make any Competitive
Bid Advance as part of such proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing.







(iii)
The Borrower  proposing  the  Competitive  Bid  Borrowing  shall,  in  turn,  before 10:30 A.M.
(New York  City  time)  on  the  date  of  such  proposed Competitive Bid
Borrowing, in the case of a Competitive Bid Borrowing consisting of Fixed Rate  Advances
and before  11:00 A.M.  (New York  City time) three Business Days before the
date of such proposed  Competitive Bid Borrowing, in the case of a  Competitive  Bid
Borrowing  consisting of LIBO Rate  Advances, either:







(x)                 cancel
such Competitive Bid Borrowing by giving the Agent notice to that effect,           or







(y)                      accept
one or more of the offers made by any Lender or Lenders  pursuant  to  paragraph
(ii) above, in its sole discretion,  by giving notice to the Agent of the amount
of each  Competitive Bid Advance (which amount shall be equal to or greater than
the minimum amount,  and equal to or less than the maximum  amount,  notified to
such  Borrower  by the Agent on behalf of such Lender for such  Competitive  Bid
Advance pursuant to paragraph (ii) above) to be made by each Lender as part
of such  Competitive  Bid  Borrowing,  and reject any  remaining  offers made by
Lenders pursuant to paragraph (ii) above by giving the Agent notice to that
effect; provided, however, that such Borrower shall not accept any
offer in excess of the  requested  bid amount for any  maturity.  Such  Borrower
shall  accept the offers made by any Lender or Lenders to make  Competitive  Bid
Advances in order of the lowest to the highest rates of interest offered by such
Lenders.  If two or more Lenders have offered the same interest rate, the amount
to be borrowed at such  interest  rate will be  allocated  among such Lenders in
proportion to the amount that each such Lender  offered at such  interest  rate.








(iv)
If the Borrower  proposing the Competitive  Bid Advance  notifies the Agent that such
Competitive Bid Borrowing is cancelled pursuant to  paragraph (iii)(x) above,  the
Agent  shall give  prompt  notice  thereof to the  Lenders  and such Competitive Bid
Borrowing shall not be made.










18



(v)
If the Borrower  proposing the  Competitive  Bid Advance accepts one or more of
the offers made by any Lender or Lenders pursuant to paragraph (iii)(y)  above, the
Agent shall in turn promptly  notify  (A) each  Lender that has made an offer as
described  in  paragraph (ii)  above,  of the date and  aggregate amount of such
Competitive Bid Borrowing and whether or not any offer or offers made by such Lender
pursuant to paragraph (ii)  above have been accepted by such Borrower, (B) each
Lender that is to make a Competitive Bid Advance as part of such  Competitive Bid
Borrowing,  of the amount of each  Competitive Bid Advance to be made by such Lender as
part of such Competitive Bid Borrowing, and (C) each  Lender that is to make a
Competitive  Bid Advance as part of such Competitive  Bid Borrowing,  upon receipt,  that
the Agent has received forms of documents  appearing to fulfill the  applicable
conditions set forth in Article III.  Each  Lender  that is to make a  Competitive  Bid
Advance as part of such Competitive Bid Borrowing  shall,  before  12:00 Noon  (New York
City time) on the date of such  Competitive  Bid  Borrowing  specified  in the notice
received from the Agent pursuant to clause (A) of the preceding sentence or any
later  time when such  Lender  shall  have  received  notice  from the Agent pursuant to
clause (C) of the preceding  sentence,  make available for the account  of its
Applicable  Lending  Office  to the  Agent at the  Agent’s Account,  in same day
funds, such Lender’s  portion of such Competitive Bid Borrowing.  Upon  fulfillment
of the applicable  conditions set forth in Article III and after receipt by the Agent of
such funds, the Agent will make such funds available  to  such  Borrower  at  the  Agent’s
address  referred  to  in Section 9.02.  Promptly after each Competitive Bid
Borrowing the Agent will notify  each  Lender  of  the  amount  of the  Competitive  Bid
Borrowing,  the consequent  Competitive Bid Reduction and the dates upon which such
Competitive Bid Reduction commenced and will terminate.







(vi)
If the Borrower  proposing the Competitive  Bid Advance  notifies the Agent that
it accepts  one or more of the offers  made by any Lender or  Lenders  pursuant  to
paragraph (iii)(y)  above,  such notice of acceptance  shall be irrevocable and
binding on such Borrower.  Such Borrower shall indemnify each Lender,  after receipt of a
written  request by such Lender setting forth in reasonable  detail the basis for such
request,  against any loss, cost or expense actually incurred by such  Lender as a result
of any  failure  by such  Borrower  to fulfill on or before the date specified in the
related Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing for such   Competitive  Bid  Borrowing  the
applicable   conditions  set  forth  in Article III,  including,  without
limitation,  any loss (other than loss of anticipated  profits),  cost or  expense
actually  incurred  by  reason  of the liquidation or  reemployment  of deposits or
other funds acquired by such Lender to fund the  Competitive  Bid  Advance to be made by
such Lender as part of such Competitive Bid Borrowing when such Competitive Bid Advance,
as a result of such failure, is not made on such date.







(b)
Each Competitive Bid Borrowing  shall be in an aggregate  amount of $10,000,000
or an integral  multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and,  following the making of
each  Competitive  Bid  Borrowing,  the Borrower that has borrowed  through such
Competitive  Bid Borrowing  shall be in compliance with the limitation set forth in the
proviso to the first sentence of subsection (a) above.









19




(c)
Within the limits and on the conditions set forth in this Section 2.03,
each Borrower may from time to time borrow under this Section 2.03, repay
or prepay pursuant to subsection (d) below, and reborrow under this
Section 2.03.







(d)
Each Borrower that has borrowed  through a Competitive Bid Borrowing shall repay to the
Agent for the  account of each  Lender  that has made a  Competitive  Bid Advance,  on
the maturity date of such  Competitive  Bid Advance (such  maturity date being that
specified by such Borrower for repayment of such Competitive Bid Advance in the related
Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing delivered pursuant to subsection (a)(i) above
and provided in the Competitive Bid Note evidencing such  Competitive  Bid  Advance),
the  then  unpaid  principal  amount  of such Competitive Bid Advance.  A Borrower shall
have no right to prepay any principal amount of any Competitive Bid Advance without the
consent of the Lender that has made  such  Competitive  Bid  Advance  or as  is
specified  in  the  Notice  of Competitive Bid Borrowing.







(e)
Each Borrower  that has  borrowed  through  a  Competitive  Bid  Borrowing
shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Competitive Bid Advance from
the date of such  Competitive Bid Advance  comprising such Competitive Bid Borrowing to
the date the principal  amount of such  Competitive  Bid Advance is repaid in full, at
the rate of interest for such Competitive Bid Advance  specified by the Lender making
such  Competitive  Bid Advance in its notice with respect  thereto delivered  pursuant to
subsection (a)(ii)  above,  payable on the interest payment  date or dates
specified  by such  Borrower  for such  Competitive  Bid Advance in the related Notice
of Competitive Bid Borrowing delivered pursuant to subsection (a)(i) above, as
provided in the Competitive Bid Note evidencing such Competitive Bid Advance.  Upon the
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default  under  Section  6.01(a),
each  Borrower  that has borrowed through a Competitive  Bid Borrowing  shall pay
interest on the amount of unpaid principal  of and  interest  on each  Competitive  Bid
Advance  comprising  such Competitive  Bid Borrowing that is owing to a Lender,  payable
in arrears on the date or dates  interest  is payable  thereon,  at a rate per annum
equal at all times to 2% per  annum above the rate per annum required to be paid on
such Competitive  Bid Advance under the terms of the  Competitive Bid Note evidencing
such  Competitive Bid Advance unless  otherwise  agreed in such  Competitive Bid Note.







(f)
The indebtedness of any Borrower resulting from each Competitive Bid Advance
made to such  Borrower as part of a Competitive  Bid  Borrowing  shall be evidenced by a
separate  Competitive  Bid Note of such  Borrower  payable  to the  order of the Lender
making such Competitive Bid Advance.







SECTION
2.04. Fees. (a) Facility Fee. The Company agrees to pay to the Agent for
the account of each Lender a facility fee on the aggregate amount of such Lender’s
Commitment from the date hereof in the case of each Initial Lender and from the effective
date specified in the Assumption Agreement or the Assignment and Acceptance, as the case
may be, pursuant to which it became a Lender in the case of each other Lender until the
Termination Date at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Percentage in effect from
time to time, payable in arrears quarterly on the last day of each March, June, September
and December, commencing September 30, 2005, and on the Termination Date.









20



(b)    Agent’s
Fees. The Company shall pay to the Agent for its own account           such fees as
may from time to time be agreed in writing between the Company and           the Agent.







SECTION
2.05. Termination, Reduction or Increase of the Commitments. (a) Termination or
Ratable Reduction by the Company. The Company shall have the right, upon at least
three Business Days’notice to the Agent, to terminate in whole or reduce ratably in
part the unused portions of the respective Commitments of the Lenders, provided that
each partial reduction shall be in the aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or an integral
multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and provided, further, that the
aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Lenders shall not be reduced to an amount that
is less than the aggregate principal amount of the Competitive Bid Advances then
outstanding. The aggregate amount of the Commitments, once reduced or terminated as
provided in this Section 2.05(a), may not be reinstated, except as provided in Section
2.05(c) below.







(b)    Termination
by the Majority  Lenders upon Change of Control.  In the event that a Change
of Control  occurs,  (i) the  Agent shall at the  request,  or may with the
consent,  of the Majority Lenders, by notice to the Company given not later than
10 Business  Days after  receipt by the Lenders and the Agent of notice from the
Company of such Change of Control pursuant to Section  5.01(h)(iv),  declare the
Commitments  (determined without giving effect to any Competitive Bid Reduction)
to be  terminated  in whole,  effective as of the date set forth in such notice,
provided,  however,  that such date  shall be no  earlier  than 10
Business Days after the Company’s receipt of such notice of termination and
(ii) each  Borrower’s  right to make a Borrowing  under this Agreement
shall  thereupon be suspended and shall remain  suspended until 10 Business Days
after  receipt by the  Lenders  and the Agent of notice from the Company of such
Change of Control  pursuant to Section  5.01(h)(iv)  unless the Majority Lenders
shall have  exercised  their right to terminate the  Commitments  as provided in
clause (i) of this Section 2.05(b), in which case each Borrower’s  right to
make a Borrowing under this Agreement shall remain suspended until the effective
date of such  termination.  A notice of  termination  pursuant  to this  Section
2.05(b) shall have the effect of accelerating  the  outstanding  Advances of the
Lenders and the Notes of the Lenders and each Borrower shall, on or prior to the
effective  date of the  termination  of the  Commitments,  prepay or cause to be
prepaid  the  outstanding  principal  amount of all  Advances  owing by any such
Borrower to the Lenders,  together with accrued  interest thereon to the date of
such payment, any facility fees or other fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to
the  provisions  of Section 2.04,  and all other amounts  payable to the Lenders
under this  Agreement  (including,  but not limited to, any  increased  costs or
other amounts owing under Section 2.11 and any  indemnification  for Taxes under
Section 2.14).  Upon such  prepayment and the  termination of the Commitments in
accordance with this Section 2.05(b),  the obligations of the Lenders under this
Agreement shall, by the provisions hereof, be released and discharged.







(c)    Increase
by the  Company.  (i) The Company  may at any time,  by notice to the Agent,
propose that the aggregate  amount of the  Commitments  be increased  (each such
proposed  increase  being  a  “Commitment  Increase”)  by up to
$600,000,000  in excess of the aggregate of the  Commitments as of the Effective
Date, effective as at a date (the  “Commitment  Increase Date”)
that shall be specified in such notice and that shall be  (A) prior  to the
Termination  Date and (B) at  least 15 Business Days after the date of such
notice;  provided,  however,  that (w) the Company may not propose
more than one Commitment Increase during any calendar year, (x) the minimum
proposed  Commitment  Increase  for  each  Commitment  Increase  Date  shall  be











21





$50,000,000,
(y) in no event shall the aggregate amount of the Commitments at any time exceed
$1,500,000,000  and (z) no  Default shall have occurred and be  continuing  on such
Commitment  Increase Date or shall result from such Commitment  Increase.  The Agent
shall  notify  the  Lenders  and any  Eligible Assignees  requested  by the Company and
acceptable  to the Agent as  potential Assuming Lenders hereunder of the proposed
Commitment Increase promptly upon the Agent’s  receipt of any such notice. It shall
be in each Lender’s sole discretion  whether to increase its Commitment  hereunder
in connection with the proposed Commitment  Increase.  No later than 10 Business Days
after its receipt of the  Company’s  notice,  each  Lender  that is willing to
increase  its Commitment   hereunder   (each   such   Lender   being  an   “Increasing
Lender”) shall deliver to the Agent a notice in which such Lender shall set
forth the maximum increase in its Commitment to which such Lender is willing to agree,
and the Agent  shall  promptly  provide to the Company a copy of such Increasing  Lender’s
notice. The Agent shall cooperate with the Company in discussions with the Lenders and
Eligible Assignees with a view to arranging the proposed  Commitment  Increase through
the increase of the Commitments of one or more of the  Lenders  and/or  the  addition  of
one or more  Eligible  Assignees acceptable  to the Company  and the Agent as Assuming
Lenders and as parties to this Agreement; provided, however, that the
minimum Commitment of each such  Assuming  Lender that becomes a party to this  Agreement
pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) shall be $10,000,000;  and provided further that
any allocations of Commitments shall be determined by the Company.







(ii)              If
agreement is reached  prior to the relevant  Commitment  Increase  Date with any
Increasing Lenders and Assuming Lenders as to a Commitment  Increase (the amount
of which may be less than (subject to the  limitation set forth in clause (i)(x)
of this  Section  2.05(c))  but not greater  than that amount  specified  in the
applicable  notice from the Company),  the Company shall deliver,  no later than
one  Business Day prior to the  Commitment  Increase  Date, a notice  thereof in
reasonable  detail to the Agent (and the Agent shall give notice  thereof to the
Lenders,  including any Assuming Lenders).  The Assuming Lenders,  if any, shall
become Lenders hereunder as of the Commitment  Increase Date and the Commitments
of any Increasing  Lenders and such Assuming  Lenders shall become or be, as the
case may be, as of the Commitment  Increase  Date, the amounts  specified in the
notice delivered by the Company to the Agent;  provided,  however,
that:







(x)                      the
Agent shall have  received on or prior to 9:00 A.M.  (New York City time) on the
Commitment Increase Date (A) if requested by an Assuming Lender or an Increasing
Lender in accordance with Section 2.18(a), a duly executed Revolving Credit Note
from  each  Borrower,   dated  as  of  the  Commitment   Increase  Date  and  in
substantially the form of Exhibit A-1 hereto for such Assuming Lender, and dated
the  date to  which  interest  on the  existing  Revolving  Credit  Note of such
Borrower  shall  have been paid and in  substantially  the form of  Exhibit  A-1
hereto  for such  Increasing  Lender,  in each  case in an  amount  equal to the
Commitment  of such  Assuming  Lender and such  Increasing  Lender  after giving
effect to such  Commitment  Increase,  (B) a  certificate  of a duly  authorized
officer of the Company stating that no event has occurred and is continuing,  or
would result from such Commitment Increase, that constitutes a Default, and
that each of the other  applicable  conditions to such  Commitment  Increase set
forth in this Section  2.05(c) to be fulfilled by the Company has been satisfied
and (C) an opinion  of counsel  for the  Company  in  substantially  the form of
Exhibit G hereto,  dated the  Commitment  Increase  Date  (with  copies for each
Lender, including each Assuming Lender);










22



(y)                      with
respect to each Assuming Lender,  the Agent shall have received,  on or prior to
9:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the  Commitment  Increase Date, an appropriate
Assumption  Agreement  in  substantially  the form of  Exhibit  D  hereto,  duly
executed by such Assuming Lender and the Company, and acknowledged by the Agent;
and







(z)                      each
Increasing  Lender shall have  delivered to the Agent,  on or prior to 9:00 A.M.
(New York City time) on the Commitment Increase Date, (A) its existing Revolving
Credit Note or Notes, if any, and (B)  confirmation  in writing  satisfactory to
the Agent as to its increased  Commitment,  with a copy of such  confirmation to
the Company.







(iii)
Upon its receipt of  confirmation  from a Lender that
it is increasing its Commitment hereunder, together with the appropriate Revolving Credit
Note or Notes, if any, certificate and opinion referred to in clause (ii)(x) above, the
Agent shall (A) record the  information  contained  therein in the  Register and (B) give
prompt notice  thereof to the  Company.  Upon its  receipt of an  Assumption  Agreement
executed by an Assuming  Lender  representing  that it is an Eligible  Assignee, together
with the appropriate  Revolving  Credit Note or Notes,  certificate and opinion referred
to in clause (ii)(x) above, the Agent shall, if such Assumption Agreement  has been
completed  and is in  substantially  the form of  Exhibit D hereto,  (x) accept  such
Assumption  Agreement,  (y)  record  the  information contained  therein in the
Register  and (z) give prompt  notice  thereof to the Company.







(iv)              In
the event that the Agent shall not have  received  notice from the Company as to
such agreement on or prior to the Commitment Increase Date or the Company shall,
by notice to the Agent  prior to the  Commitment  Increase  Date,  withdraw  its
proposal for a Commitment  Increase or any of the actions  provided for above in
clauses  (ii)(x)  through (ii)(z) shall not have occurred by 9:00 A.M. (New York
City time) on the Commitment  Increase Date,  such proposal by the Company shall
be deemed not to have been made. In such event,  any actions  theretofore  taken
under clauses  (ii)(x)  through (ii)(z) above shall be deemed to be of no effect
and all the rights and  obligations  of the parties shall continue as if no such
proposal had been made.







(v)              In
the event that the Agent shall have received  notice from the Company as to such
agreement on or prior to the  Commitment  Increase  Date and each of the actions
provided for in clauses  (ii)(x)  through  (ii)(z)  above shall have occurred by
9:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the Commitment  Increase Date, the Agent shall
notify the Lenders  (including  any Assuming  Lenders) of the  occurrence of the
Commitment  Increase Date promptly and in any event by 10:00 A.M. (New York City
time) on such date by telecopier,  telex or cable.  Each  Increasing  Lender and
each  Assuming  Lender  shall,  before  11:00  A.M.  (New York City time) on the
Commitment  Increase  Date,  make  available  for the account of its  Applicable
Lending Office to the Agent at the Agent’s  Account,  in same day funds, in
the case of such Assuming Lender, an amount equal to such Assuming Lender’s
ratable portion of the Revolving Credit Borrowings then outstanding  (calculated
based on its Commitment as a percentage of the aggregate Commitments outstanding
after giving  effect to the relevant  Commitment  Increase)  and, in the case of
such  Increasing  Lender,  an amount equal to the excess of (i) such  Increasing
Lender’s   ratable  portion  of  the  Revolving   Credit   Borrowings  then
outstanding (calculated based on its











23




Commitment
as a percentage of the aggregate Commitments outstanding after giving effect to the
relevant Commitment Increase) over (ii) such  Increasing  Lender’s  ratable
portion of the Revolving Credit Borrowings then outstanding  (calculated based on its
Commitment (without giving  effect to the  relevant  Commitment  Increase)  as a
percentage  of the aggregate   Commitments   without  giving  effect  to  the  relevant
Commitment Increase).  After  the  Agent’s  receipt  of  such  funds  from  each
such Increasing  Lender  and each  such  Assuming  Lender,  the Agent  will  promptly
thereafter  cause to be  distributed  like  funds to the other  Lenders  for the account
of their  respective  Applicable  Lending  Offices in an amount to each other Lender
such that the aggregate amount of the outstanding  Revolving Credit Advances  owing to
each Lender after giving effect to such  distribution  equals such  Lender’s
ratable  portion of the Revolving  Credit  Borrowings  then outstanding  (calculated
based on such Lender’s  Commitment as a percentage of the  aggregate  Commitments
outstanding  after giving effect to the relevant Commitment Increase). If the Commitment
Increase Date shall occur on a date that is not the last day of the Interest Period for
all Eurodollar Rate Advances then outstanding,  (a) the Company  shall pay any amounts
owing  pursuant to Section 9.04(d)  as a  result  of  the  distributions  to  Lenders
under  this  Section 2.05(c)(v) and (b) for each Revolving Credit  Borrowing  comprised
of Eurodollar Rate Advances,  the respective  Revolving Credit Advances made by the
Increasing Lenders and the Assuming  Lenders  pursuant to this Section  2.05(c)(v) shall
be Base Rate Advances until the last day of the then existing  Interest  Period for such
Revolving Credit Borrowing.







SECTION
2.06. Repayment of Revolving Credit Advances. Each Borrower shall repay to the
Agent for the ratable account of the Lenders on the Termination Date the aggregate
principal amount of the Revolving Credit Advances then outstanding in respect of such
Borrower.







SECTION
2.07. Interest on Revolving Credit Advances. (a) Scheduled Interest. Each
Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Credit
Advance owing by such Borrower to each Lender from the date of such Revolving Credit
Advance until such principal amount shall be paid in full, at the following rates per
annum:







(i)
Base Rate  Advances.  During such periods as such  Revolving  Credit Advance is a
Base  Rate  Advance,  a rate  per  annum  equal  at  all  times  to  the  sum of
(x) the  Base Rate in effect  from  time to time  plus  (y) the
Applicable  Margin  in  effect  from  time  to  time  plus   (z) the
Applicable  Utilization  Fee, if any,  in effect  from time to time,  payable in
arrears  quarterly on the last day of each March,  June,  September and December
during such periods and on the date such Base Rate Advance shall be Converted or
paid in full.







(ii) Eurodollar
Rate  Advances.  During such periods as such  Revolving  Credit Advance is a
Eurodollar  Rate  Advance,  a rate per  annum  equal at all  times  during  each
Interest  Period for such Revolving  Credit  Advance to the sum of  (x) the
Eurodollar  Rate for such  Interest  Period for such  Revolving  Credit  Advance
plus  (y) the  Applicable Margin in effect from time to time plus
(z) the  Applicable  Utilization  Fee, if any, in effect from time to
time,  payable in arrears on the last day of such  Interest  Period and, if such
Interest  Period has a  duration  of more than  three  months,  on each day that
occurs during such Interest Period every three months from the first day of such
Interest  Period and on the date such Eurodollar Rate Advance shall be Converted
or paid in full.









24




(b)
Default Interest.  Upon the  occurrence  and during the  continuance  of an Event of
Default under Section 6.01(a),  each Borrower shall pay interest on (i) the
unpaid  principal amount of each Revolving Credit Advance owing by such Borrower
to  each   Lender,   payable   in   arrears   on  the  dates   referred   to  in
clause (a)(i)  or (a)(ii) above,  at a rate per annum equal at all times to
2% per  annum  above the rate per annum  required  to be paid on such  Revolving
Credit Advance pursuant to  clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above and (ii) to
the fullest  extent  permitted by law, the amount of any interest,  fee or other
amount  payable  hereunder by such  Borrower that is not paid when due, from the
date such amount shall be due until such amount  shall be paid in full,  payable
in arrears  on the date such  amount  shall be paid in full and on demand,  at a
rate per  annum  equal at all  times to 2% per  annum  above  the rate per annum
required to be paid on Base Rate Advances pursuant to clause (a)(i)  above.








(c)
Additional Interest on Eurodollar Rate Advances.  The applicable  Borrower shall pay to
each Lender,  so long as such Lender shall be required under  regulations of the
Board of  Governors  of the Federal  Reserve  System to maintain  reserves  with
respect  to  liabilities  or  assets  consisting  of or  including  Eurocurrency
Liabilities,  additional  interest  on  the  unpaid  principal  amount  of  each
Eurodollar  Rate Advance of such Lender to such Borrower,  from the date of such
Advance  until such  principal  amount is paid in full,  at an interest rate per
annum  equal at all  times to the  remainder  obtained  by  subtracting  (i) the
Eurodollar  Rate for the applicable  Interest  Period for such Advance from (ii)
the rate obtained by dividing such Eurodollar Rate by a percentage equal to 100%
minus  the  Eurodollar  Rate Reserve  Percentage  of such Lender for such
Interest  Period,  payable  on each date on which  interest  is  payable on such
Advance.  Such  additional  interest  shall be  determined  by such  Lender  and
notified in reasonable detail to such Borrower through the Agent.







SECTION
2.08. Interest Rate Determination. (a) Each Reference Bank agrees to furnish to
the Agent timely information for the purpose of determining each Eurodollar Rate and each
LIBO Rate. If any one or more of the Reference Banks shall not furnish such timely
information to the Agent for the purpose of determining any such interest rate, the Agent
shall determine such interest rate on the basis of timely information furnished by the
remaining Reference Banks. The Agent shall give prompt notice to the relevant Borrowers
and the Lenders of the applicable interest rate determined by the Agent for purposes of
Section 2.07(a)(i) or (ii), and the rate, if any, furnished by each Reference Bank
for the purpose of determining the interest rate under Section 2.07(a)(ii).







(b)
If, with respect to any Eurodollar  Rate Advances,  the Majority  Lenders notify
the Agent that the  Eurodollar  Rate for any Interest  Period for such  Advances
will not adequately reflect the cost to such Majority Lenders of making, funding
or  maintaining  their  respective  Eurodollar  Rate  Advances for such Interest
Period  (which  cost each such  Lender  reasonably  determines  in good faith is
material),  the Agent shall  forthwith so notify each  Borrower and the Lenders,
whereupon (i) each Eurodollar Rate Advance will automatically,  on the last
day of the then  existing  Interest  Period  therefor,  Convert into a Base Rate
Advance,  and  (ii) the  obligation  of the Lenders to make,  or to Convert
Revolving  Credit  Advances  into,  Eurodollar  Rate Advances shall be suspended
until  the  Agent  shall   notify  each   Borrower  and  the  Lenders  that  the
circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.










25




(c)
If any  Borrower,  in  requesting  a Revolving  Credit  Borrowing  comprised  of
Eurodollar  Rate  Advances,  shall fail to select the  duration of the  Interest
Period for such  Eurodollar  Rate  Advances in  accordance  with the  provisions
contained in the definition of “Interest Period” in Section 1.01,
the Agent will  forthwith  so notify  such  Borrower  and the  Lenders  and such
Advances  will  automatically,  on the last day of the  then  existing  Interest
Period therefor, Convert into Base Rate Advances.







(d)          On
the date on which the aggregate unpaid principal amount of Eurodollar Rate
Advances comprising any Borrowing shall be reduced, by payment or prepayment or
otherwise, to less than $5,000,000, such Advances shall automatically, on the
last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into Base Rate
Advances.







(e)          Upon
the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default,           (i) each
Eurodollar Rate Advance will automatically, on the last day of the           then
existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance and           (ii) the
obligation of the Lenders to make, or to Convert Advances into,           Eurodollar Rate
Advances shall be suspended.







(f)          If
Moneyline Telerate Markets Page 3750 is unavailable and fewer than two
Reference Banks furnish timely information to the Agent for determining the
Eurodollar Rate or LIBO Rate for any Eurodollar Rate Advances or LIBO Rate
Advances, as the case may be, such Eurodollar Rate or LIBO Rate shall be the
interest rate per annum determined by the Agent to be the offered rate per
annum           at which deposits in U.S. dollars for a maturity comparable to the
Interest           Period for such Eurodollar Rate Advances or LIBO Rate Advances, as the
case may           be, appears on the Telerate Page 3750 (or any successor page) as of
11:00 A.M.           (London time) two Business Days prior to the first day of such
Interest Period           (the “Telerate”); provided that if the
Telerate is not           then available:







(i)          the
Agent shall forthwith notify the relevant Borrower and the Lenders that the
interest rate cannot be determined for such Eurodollar Rate Advances or LIBO
Rate Advances, as the case may be;







(ii)          with
respect to Eurodollar Rate Advances, each such Advance will automatically,           on
the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a           Base
Rate Advance (or if such Advance is then a Base Rate Advance, will continue           as
a Base Rate Advance); and







(iii)          the
obligation of the Lenders to make Eurodollar Rate Advances or LIBO Rate
Advances or to Convert Revolving Credit Advances into Eurodollar Rate Advances
shall be suspended until the Agent shall notify each Borrower and the Lenders
that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.







SECTION
2.09. Optional Conversion of Revolving Credit Advances. Any Borrower may on any
Business Day, upon notice given to the Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York
City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Conversion and
subject to the provisions of Sections 2.08 and 2.12, Convert all Revolving Credit
Advances of one Type comprising the same Borrowing into Revolving Credit Advances of the
other Type; provided, however, that any Conversion of Eurodollar Rate
Advances into Base Rate Advances










26



shall
be made only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Advances.
Each such notice of a Conversion shall, within the restrictions specified above, specify
(i) the date of such Conversion, (ii) the Revolving Credit Advances to be
Converted, and (iii) if such Conversion is into Eurodollar Rate Advances, the
duration of the initial Interest Period for each such Advance. Each notice of Conversion
shall be irrevocable and binding on the relevant Borrower.







SECTION
2.10. Optional Prepayments of Revolving Credit Advances. Any Borrower may, upon
notice to the Agent stating the proposed date and aggregate principal amount of the
prepayment, given not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the second Business
Day prior to the date of such proposed prepayment, in the case of Eurodollar Rate
Advances, and not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the day of such proposed
prepayment, in the case of Base Rate Advances, and, if such notice is given such Borrower
shall, prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Credit Advances
comprising part of the same Revolving Credit Borrowing in whole or ratably in part,
together with accrued interest to the date of such prepayment on the principal amount
prepaid; provided, however, that (x) each partial prepayment shall be in an
aggregate principal amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess
thereof and (y) in the event of any such prepayment of a Eurodollar Rate Advance,
such Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the Lenders in respect thereof pursuant to
Section 9.04(d). Each notice of prepayment by a Designated Subsidiary shall be given
to the Agent through the Company.







SECTION
2.11. Increased Costs. (a) If, after the date hereof, due to either (i) the
introduction of or any change (other than any change by way of imposition or increase of
reserve requirements included in the Eurodollar Rate Reserve Percentage) in or in the
interpretation of any law or regulation or (ii) the compliance with any guideline or
request from any central bank or other governmental authority having jurisdiction over
any Lender (whether or not having the force of law), there shall be any increase in the
cost to any Lender (which cost such Lender reasonably determines in good faith is
material) of agreeing to make or making, funding or maintaining Eurodollar Rate Advances
or LIBO Rate Advances (excluding for purposes of this Section 2.11 any such increased
costs resulting from (i) Taxes or Other Taxes (as to which Section 2.14 shall govern) and
(ii) Excluded Taxes), then the Borrower of such Advances shall from time to time, upon
demand by such Lender made not later than 60 days after such Lender obtains knowledge of
such increased costs (with a copy of such demand to the Agent), pay to the Agent for the
account of such Lender additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender for such
increased cost. Each Lender agrees that if such Lender requests compensation for any
amounts owing from a Borrower for such increased cost under this Section 2.11(a), such
Lender shall, prior to a Borrower being required to pay such increased costs, furnish to
such Borrower a certificate of a senior financial officer of such Lender verifying that
such increased cost was actually incurred by such Lender and the amount of such increased
cost and setting forth in reasonable detail the basis therefore (with a copy of such
certificate to the Agent); provided, however, that such certificate shall
be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.







(b)              If,
after the date hereof,  any Lender  determines  that  compliance with any law or
regulation  or  any  guideline  or  request  from  any  central  bank  or  other
governmental  authority  having  jurisdiction  over any Lender  (whether  or not
having the force of law) affects or would










27





affect
the amount of capital  required or expected to be  maintained  by such Lender or
any corporation  controlling  such Lender and that the amount of such capital is
increased by or based upon the  existence of such  Lender’s  commitment  to
lend  hereunder and other  commitments of this type,  then,  upon demand by such
Lender made not later than 60 days after such Lender  obtains  knowledge of such
increase in capital (with a copy of such demand to the Agent), the Company shall
pay to the Agent for the account of such Lender,  from time to time as specified
by such Lender,  additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender or such
corporation in the light of such  circumstances,  to the extent that such Lender
reasonably  determines such increase in capital to be allocable to the existence
of such Lender’s  commitment to lend hereunder.  Each Lender agrees that if
such Lender  requests  compensation  for any amounts  owing from the Company for
such increase in capital under this Section 2.11(b), such Lender shall, prior to
a Borrower  being  required  to  compensate  such  Lender for such  increase  in
capital,  furnish to the Company a certificate of a senior financial  officer of
such Lender  verifying  that such  increase in capital was actually  required by
such Lender and the amount of such  increase  in capital  and  setting  forth in
reasonable  detail the basis therefore  (with a copy of such  certificate to the
Agent);  provided,   however,   that  such  certificate  shall  be
conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.







(c)              No
Borrower shall be obligated to pay under this Section 2.11 any amounts which
relate to costs or increases of capital incurred prior to the 12 months
immediately preceding the date of demand for payment of such amounts, unless
the           applicable law, regulation, guideline or request resulting in such costs or
increases of capital is imposed retroactively. In the case of any law,
regulation, guideline or request which is imposed retroactively, the Lender
making demand for payment of any amount under this Section 2.11 shall notify
the           related Borrower not later than 12 months from the date that such Lender
should           reasonably have known (but promptly upon gaining knowledge of such
increase) of           such law, regulation, guideline or request and such Borrower’s
obligation           to compensate such Lender for such amount is contingent upon such
Lender’s           so notifying such Borrower; provided, however, that
any failure by           such Lender to provide such notice shall not affect such Borrower’s
obligations under this Section 2.11 with respect to amounts resulting from
costs           or increases of capital incurred after the date which occurs 12 months
immediately preceding the date on which such Lender notified such Borrower of
such law, regulation, guideline or request.







(d)              If
any Lender shall subsequently recoup any costs (other than from a Borrower)           for
which such Lender has theretofore been compensated by a Borrower under this
Section 2.11, such Lender shall remit to such Borrower an amount equal to the
amount of such recoupment as reasonably determined by such Lender.







SECTION
2.12. Illegality. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any
Lender shall after the date hereof, notify the Agent that the introduction of or any
change in or in the interpretation of any law or regulation makes it unlawful, or any
central bank or other governmental authority having jurisdiction over any Lender asserts
that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its Eurodollar Lending Office to perform its
obligations hereunder to make Eurodollar Rate Advances or LIBO Rate Advances or to fund
or maintain Eurodollar Rate Advances or LIBO Rate Advances hereunder, (i) each
Eurodollar Rate Advance or LIBO Rate Advance, as the case may be, will automatically,
upon such demand, Convert into a Base Rate Advance or an Advance that bears interest at
the rate set forth in Section 2.07(a)(i), as the case










28




may
be, and (ii) the obligation of the Lenders to make Eurodollar Rate Advances or LIBO
Rate Advances or to Convert Revolving Credit Advances into Eurodollar Rate Advances shall
be suspended until the Agent shall notify each Borrower and the Lenders that the
circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.







SECTION
2.13. Payments and Computations. (a) Each Borrower shall make each payment
hereunder and relating to the Advances not later than 1:00 P.M. (New York City
time) on the day when due in U.S. dollars to the Agent at the Agent’s Account in
same day funds. The Agent will promptly thereafter cause to be distributed like funds
relating to the payment of principal or interest or facility fees ratably (other than
amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.03, 2.05(c), 2.07(c), 2.11, 2.14 or 9.04(d))
to the Lenders for the account of their respective Applicable Lending Offices, and like
funds relating to the payment of any other amount payable to any Lender to such Lender
for the account of its Applicable Lending Office, in each case to be applied in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Upon its acceptance of an Assignment and
Acceptance and recording of the information contained therein in the Register pursuant to
Section 9.07(c), from and after the effective date specified in such Assignment and
Acceptance, the Agent shall make all payments hereunder and relating to the Advances in
respect of the interest assigned thereby to the Lender assignee thereunder, and the
parties to such Assignment and Acceptance shall make all appropriate adjustments in such
payments for periods prior to such effective date directly between themselves. Upon any
Assuming Lender becoming a Lender hereunder as a result of the effectiveness of a
Commitment Increase pursuant to Section 2.05(c), and upon the Agent’s receipt of
such Lender’s Assumption Agreement and recording the information contained therein
in the Register, from and after the relevant Increase Date, the Agent shall make all
payments hereunder and relating to the Advances in respect of the interest assumed
thereby to such Assuming Lender.







(b)              All
computations of interest based on the Base Rate shall be made by the Agent           on
the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and all
computations of interest based on the Eurodollar Rate or the Federal Funds Rate
and of facility fees shall be made by the Agent on the basis of a year of 360
days, in each case for the actual number of days (including the first day but
excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such interest or
facility fees are payable. Each determination by the Agent of an interest rate
hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest
error.







(c)              Whenever
any payment hereunder or relating to the Advances shall be stated to be           due on
a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next
succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be
included in the computation of payment of interest or facility fee, as the case
may be; provided, however, that, if such extension would cause
payment of interest on or principal of Eurodollar Rate Advances or LIBO Rate
Advances to be made in the next following calendar month, such payment shall be
made on the next preceding Business Day.







(d)              Unless
the Agent shall have received  notice from a Borrower prior to the date on which
any  payment  is due to the  Lenders  from  such  Borrower  hereunder  that such
Borrower  will not make such  payment in full,  the Agent may  assume  that such
Borrower  has made such  payment in full to the Agent on such date and the Agent
may, in reliance upon such assumption, cause to be distributed to each Lender on
such due date an amount equal to the amount then due










29




such
Lender.  If and to the extent such  Borrower  shall not have so made such payment in full
to the Agent, each Lender shall repay to the Agent forthwith on demand such amount
distributed to such Lender together with interest  thereon,  for each day from the date
such amount is  distributed  to such Lender  until the date such  Lender  repays such
amount to the Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate.







SECTION
2.14. Taxes. (a) Any and all payments by each Borrower hereunder or relating to
the Advances shall be made, in accordance with Section 2.13, free and clear of and
without deduction for any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions,
charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto, excluding, in
the case of each Lender and the Agent, taxes imposed on its overall net income, and
franchise taxes imposed on it in lieu of net income taxes, by the jurisdiction under the
laws of which such Lender or the Agent (as the case may be) is organized or any political
subdivision thereof or by any jurisdiction in which such Lender or the Agent (as the case
may be) is doing business that is unrelated to this Agreement and such net income taxes
or franchise taxes that would not have been imposed if such Lender or the Agent (as the
case may be) had not been conducting such unrelated business and, in the case of each
Lender, taxes imposed on its overall net income, and franchise taxes imposed on it in
lieu of net income taxes, by the jurisdiction of such Lender’s Applicable Lending
Office or any political subdivision thereof (all such excluded taxes being hereinafter
referred to as “Excluded Taxes” and all such non-excluded taxes, levies,
imposts, deductions, charges, withholdings and liabilities in respect of payments
hereunder or relating to the Advances being hereinafter referred to as “Taxes”).
If any Borrower shall be required by law to deduct any Taxes from or in respect of any
sum payable hereunder or relating to the Advances to any Lender or the Agent, (i) the
sum payable shall be increased as may be necessary so that after making all required
deductions for Taxes (including deductions for Taxes applicable to additional sums
payable under this Section 2.14) such Lender or the Agent (as the case may be)
receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been
made, (ii) such Borrower shall make such deductions and (iii) such Borrower
shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant taxation authority or other authority
in accordance with applicable law.







(b)              In
addition, each Borrower agrees to pay any present or future stamp or
documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar
levies that arise from any payment made hereunder or relating to the Advances
or           from the execution, delivery or registration of, performing under, or
otherwise           with respect to, this Agreement or relating to the Advances
(hereinafter           referred to as “Other Taxes”).







(c)              Each
Borrower shall  indemnify each Lender and the Agent for the full amount of Taxes
or  Other  Taxes  (including,  without  limitation,  any  taxes  imposed  by any
jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section 2.14) imposed on or paid
by such  Lender  or the  Agent  (as the  case  may  be)  and any  liability  for
penalties,  interest and reasonable  expenses arising  therefrom or with respect
thereto.  This  indemnification  shall be made within 30 days from the date such
Lender  or the  Agent  (as the  case  may be)  makes  written  demand  therefor;
provided  that such Lender shall,  prior to a Borrower  being required to
indemnify such Lender pursuant to this Section 2.14(c), furnish to such Borrower
a certificate of a senior  financial  officer of such Lender verifying that such
Taxes or Other  Taxes were  actually  incurred  by such Lender and the amount of
such  Taxes or Other  Taxes and  setting  forth in  reasonable  detail the basis
therefor (with a










30






copy
of such certificate to the Agent), provided, however, that such certificate
shall be conclusive and binding for all           purposes, absent manifest error.







(d)              Within
30 days after the date of any payment of Taxes, each Borrower shall           furnish to
the Agent, at its address referred to in Section 9.02, the           original or a
certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof. In the           case of any
payment hereunder or relating to the Advances by or on behalf of any           Borrower
through an account or branch outside the United States or by or on           behalf of
any Borrower by a payor that is not a United States person, if such           Borrower
determines that no Taxes are payable in respect thereof, such Borrower           shall
furnish, or shall cause such payor to furnish, to the Agent, at such           address,
an opinion of counsel acceptable to the Agent stating that such payment           is
exempt from Taxes. For purposes of this subsection (d) and subsection (e),           the
terms “United States” and “United States           person” shall
have the meanings specified in Section 7701 of the           Internal Revenue Code.







(e)              Each
Lender organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside the United           States, on
or prior to the date of its execution and delivery of this Agreement           in the
case of each Initial Lender and on the date of the Assignment and           Acceptance or
the Assumption Agreement, as the case may be, pursuant to which it           becomes a
Lender in the case of each other Lender, and from time to time           thereafter as
requested in writing by any Borrower (but only so long as such           Lender remains
lawfully able to do so), shall provide the Agent and each           Borrower with two
original Internal Revenue Service forms 8ECI or 8BEN, as           appropriate, or
any successor or other form prescribed by the Internal Revenue           Service,
certifying that such Lender is exempt from or entitled to a reduced           rate of
United States withholding tax on payments pursuant to this Agreement or
relating to the Advances. If the forms provided by a Lender at the time such
Lender first becomes a party to this Agreement indicates a United States
interest withholding tax rate in excess of zero, withholding tax at such rate
shall be considered excluded from Taxes unless and until such Lender provides
the appropriate forms certifying that a lesser rate applies, whereupon
withholding tax at such lesser rate only shall be considered excluded from
Taxes           for periods governed by such form; provided, however, that,
if at           the date of the Assignment and Acceptance or the Assumption Agreement, as
the           case may be, pursuant to which a Lender assignee becomes a party to this
Agreement, the Lender assignor was entitled to payments under
subsection (a) in respect of United States withholding tax with respect to
interest paid at such date, then, to such extent, the term Taxes shall include
(in addition to withholding taxes that may be imposed in the future or other
amounts otherwise includable in Taxes) United States withholding tax, if any,
applicable with respect to the Lender assignee on such date.







(f)              For
any period with respect to which a Lender has failed to provide each           Borrower
with the appropriate form described in Section 2.14(e)           (other than if
such failure is due to a change in law occurring           subsequent to the date on
which a form originally was required to be provided,           or if such form otherwise
is not required under the first sentence of           subsection (e) above), such
Lender shall not be entitled to indemnification           under Section 2.14(a) or
(c) with respect to Taxes imposed by the United           States by reason of such
failure; provided, however, that should a           Lender become subject
to Taxes because of its failure to deliver a form required           hereunder, each
Borrower agrees to take such steps as such Lender shall           reasonably request to
assist such Lender to recover such Taxes.










31




(g)              If
any Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that it has actually and           finally
realized, by reason of a refund, deduction or credit of any Taxes or           Other
Taxes paid or reimbursed by a Borrower pursuant to subjection (a) or (c)           above
in respect of payments under the Credit Agreement or relating to the           Advances,
a current monetary benefit that it would otherwise not have obtained,           and that
would result in the total payments under this Section 2.14 exceeding           the amount
needed to make such Lender whole, such Lender shall pay to such           Borrower, with
reasonable promptness following the date on which it actually           realizes such
benefit, an amount equal to the lesser of the amount of such           benefit or the
amount of such excess, in each case net of all reasonable           out-of-pocket
expenses in securing such refund, deduction or credit.







SECTION
2.15. Sharing of Payments, Etc. If any Lender shall obtain any payment (whether
voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off, or otherwise) on
account of the Revolving Credit Advances owing to it (other than pursuant to Section
2.05(c), 2.07(c), 2.11, 2.14 or 9.04(d)) in excess of its ratable share of payments on
account of the Revolving Credit Advances obtained by all the Lenders, such Lender shall
forthwith purchase from the other Lenders such participations in the Revolving Credit
Advances owing to them as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the
excess payment ratably with each of them; provided, however, that if all or
any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from such purchasing Lender,
such purchase from each Lender shall be rescinded and such Lender shall repay to the
purchasing Lender the purchase price to the extent of such recovery together with an
amount equal to such Lender’s ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the
amount of such Lender’s required repayment to (ii) the total amount so
recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by
the purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered. Each Borrower agrees
that any Lender so purchasing a participation from another Lender pursuant to this Section 2.15
may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise all its rights of payment
(including the right of set-off) with respect to such participation as fully as if such
Lender were the direct creditor of such Borrower in the amount of such participation.







SECTION
2.16. Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Advances shall be available (and each
Borrower agrees that it shall use such proceeds) solely (i) for general corporate
purposes of such Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (ii) for acquisitions by such Borrower
that have been approved by the Board of Directors (or comparable governing group) of the
Person that is to be acquired by such Borrower.







SECTION
2.17. Mandatory Assignment by a Lender; Mitigation. If any Lender requests from a
Borrower either payment of additional interest on Eurodollar Rate Advances pursuant to
Section 2.07(c), or reimbursement for increased costs pursuant to Section 2.11, or
payment of or reimbursement for Taxes pursuant to Section 2.14, or if any Lender notifies
the Agent that it is unlawful for such Lender or its Eurodollar Lending Office to perform
its obligations hereunder pursuant to Section 2.12, (i) such Lender will, upon three
Business Days’ notice by such Borrower to such Lender and the Agent, to the extent
not inconsistent with such Lender’s internal policies and applicable legal and
regulatory restrictions, use reasonable efforts to make, fund or maintain its Eurodollar
Rate Advances through another Eurodollar Lending Office of such Lender if (A) as a result
thereof the additional amounts required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.07(c), 2.11 or
2.14, as applicable, in respect of such Eurodollar Rate









32






Advances
would be materially reduced or the provisions of Section 2.12 would not apply to such
Lender, as applicable, and (B) as determined by such Lender in good faith but in its sole
discretion, the making or maintaining of such Eurodollar Rate Advances through such other
Eurodollar Lending Office would not otherwise materially and adversely affect such
Eurodollar Rate Advances or such Lender and (ii) unless such Lender has therefore taken
steps to remove or cure, and has removed or cured (to the extent not inconsistent with
internal policies and applicable legal and regulatory restrictions), the conditions
creating such obligation to pay such additional amounts or the circumstances described in
Section 2.12, such Lender will, upon at least five Business Days’ notice from the
Company to such Lender and the Agent, assign, pursuant to and in accordance with the
provisions of Section 9.07, to one or more Eligible Assignees designated by the Company
all, but not less than all, of the Revolving Credit Advances then owing to such Lender
and all, but not less than all, of such Lender’s rights and obligations hereunder
(other than rights in respect of such Lender’s outstanding Competitive Bid Advance),
without recourse to or warranty by, or expense to, such Lender, for a purchase price
equal to the outstanding principal amount of each such Advance then owing to such Lender
plus any accrued but unpaid interest thereon and any accrued but unpaid facility
fees owing thereto and, in addition, all additional costs reimbursements, expense
reimbursements and indemnities, if any, owing in respect of such Lender’s Commitment
hereunder at such time shall be paid to such Lender.







SECTION
2.18. Evidence of Debt. (a)  Each Lender shall maintain in accordance
with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of each
Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Revolving Credit Advance owing to such Lender
from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to
such Lender from time to time hereunder in respect of Revolving Credit Advances. Each
Borrower agrees that upon reasonable notice by any Lender to such Borrower (with a copy
of such notice to the Agent) to the effect that a Revolving Credit Note is required or
appropriate in order for such Lender to evidence (whether for purposes of pledge,
enforcement or otherwise) the Revolving Credit Advances owing to, or to be made by, such
Lender, such Borrower shall promptly execute and deliver to such Lender a Revolving
Credit Note payable to the order of such Lender in a principal amount up to the
Commitment of such Lender.







(b)              The
Register maintained by the Agent pursuant to Section 9.07(d) shall           include
a control account, and a subsidiary account for each Lender, in which           accounts
(taken together) shall be recorded (i) the date and amount of each
Borrowing made hereunder, the type of Advances comprising such Borrowing and,
if           appropriate, the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the terms of
each           Assumption Agreement and each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and
accepted by it, (iii) the amount of any principal or interest due and
payable or to become due and payable from such Borrower to each Lender
hereunder           and (iv) the amount of any sum received by the Agent from each
Borrower           hereunder and each Lender’s share thereof.







(c)              Entries
made in good faith by the Agent in the Register pursuant to           subsection (b)
above, and by each Lender in its account or accounts           pursuant to subsection (a)
above, shall be prima facie          evidence of the amount of principal and
interest due and payable or to become           due and payable from each Borrower to, in
the case of the Register, each Lender           and, in the case of such account or
accounts, such Lender, under this Agreement,           absent manifest error; provided,
however, that the failure of the           Agent or such Lender to make an entry,
or any finding









33




that
an entry is           incorrect, in the Register or such account or accounts shall not
limit or           otherwise affect the obligations of any Borrower under this Agreement.








ARTICLE III




CONDITIONS TO
EFFECTIVENESS AND LENDING



SECTION
3.01. Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness of Sections 2.01 and 2.03. Sections 2.01
and 2.03 of this Agreement shall become effective on and as of the first date (the “Effective
Date”) on which the following conditions precedent have been satisfied:







(a)
There shall have  occurred no Material  Adverse  Change since  December 31,
2004 except as disclosed  by the Company in writing to the Lenders  prior to the
date of execution of this Agreement.







(b)
There shall  exist no action,  suit,  investigation,  litigation  or  proceeding
affecting the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries  pending or threatened  before
any court,  governmental  agency or arbitrator that (i) would be reasonably
likely to have a Material  Adverse  Effect  other than the matters  described on
Schedule 3.01(b)  hereto (the “Disclosed  Litigation”)  or
(ii) purports  to affect the legality,  validity or  enforceability of this
Agreement  or any  Note or the  consummation  of the  transactions  contemplated
hereby,  and there shall have been no material adverse change in the status,  or
financial  effect on the Company and its  Subsidiaries  taken as a whole, of the
Disclosed  Litigation  from  that  described  on  Schedule 3.01(b)  hereto.








(c)
All governmental and third party consents and approvals necessary in
connection                with the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been
obtained (without the                imposition of any conditions that are not acceptable
to the Lenders) and shall                remain in effect, and no law or regulation shall
be applicable in the reasonable                judgment of the Lenders that restrains,
prevents or imposes materially adverse                conditions upon the transactions
contemplated hereby.







(d)
The Company shall have notified the Agent in writing as to the proposed
Effective Date.







(e)
The Company shall have paid all accrued fees and expenses of the Agent and
the                Lenders that shall have been invoiced as of the Effective Date
(including the                accrued fees and expenses of counsel to the Agent), in each
case solely to the                extent such fees and expenses are required by other
provisions of this Agreement                to be so paid.







(f)
On the Effective Date, the following statements shall be true and the
Agent                shall have received for the account of each Lender a certificate
signed by a                duly authorized officer of the Company, dated the Effective
Date, stating that:







(i)
The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 4.01
are correct on and as of the Effective Date, and







(ii)
No event has occurred and is continuing that constitutes a Default.









34



(g)
The Agent shall have received on or before the Effective Date the
following,                each dated such day, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Agent                and (except for the Revolving Credit Notes) in
sufficient copies for each                Lender:







(i)
The Revolving Credit Notes of the Company to the order of the Lenders,
respectively, to the extent requested by any Lender pursuant to Section
2.18.







(ii)
Certified copies of the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the
Company                approving this Agreement (including the Commitment Increase
contemplated by                Section 2.05(c)) and the Notes of the Company, and of all
documents evidencing                other necessary corporate action and governmental
approvals, if any, with                respect to this Agreement and such Notes.







(iii)
A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company
certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of the Company
authorized to sign this Agreement and the Notes of the Company and the
other                documents to be delivered hereunder.







(iv)
A favorable opinion of Burton H. Snyder, Senior Vice President, General
Counsel                and Secretary of the Company, substantially in the form of Exhibit G
hereto                and as to such other matters as any Lender through the Agent may
reasonably                request.







(v)
A favorable opinion of Shearman & Sterling LLP, counsel for the
Agent,                in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent.







(vi)
Such other approvals, opinions or documents as any Lender, through the
Agent,                may reasonably request prior to the Effective Date.







SECTION
3.02. Initial Borrowing of Each Designated Subsidiary. The obligation of each
Lender to make an initial Advance to each Designated Subsidiary following any designation
of such Designated Subsidiary as a Borrower hereunder pursuant to Section 9.08 is subject
to the Agent’s receipt on or before the date of such Initial Advance of each of the
following, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and dated such date, and
(except for the Revolving Credit Notes) in sufficient copies for each Lender:







(a)
The Revolving Credit Notes of such Borrower to the order of the Lenders,
respectively, to the extent requested by any Lender pursuant to Section 2.18.







(b)
Certified copies of the resolutions of the Board of Directors of such Borrower
approving this Agreement and the Notes of such Borrower, and of all documents
evidencing other necessary corporate action and governmental approvals, if any,
with respect to this Agreement and such Notes.







(c)
A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of such Borrower
certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of such Borrower
authorized to









35






sign
this Agreement and the Notes of such Borrower and the other documents to be
delivered hereunder.







(d)
A certificate signed by a duly authorized officer of the Company, dated as of
the date of such initial Advance, certifying that such Borrower shall have
obtained all governmental and third party authorizations, consents, approvals
(including exchange control approvals) and licenses required under applicable
laws and regulations necessary for such Borrower to execute and deliver this
Agreement and the Notes of such Borrower and to perform its obligations
thereunder.







(e)
The Designation Letter of such Designated Subsidiary, substantially in the form
of Exhibit E hereto.







(f)
With respect to each Designated Subsidiary that has its principal place of
business outside of the United States of America, evidence of the Process
Agent’s acceptance of its appointment pursuant to Section 9.12(a) as the
agent of such Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit F hereto.







(g)
A favorable opinion of counsel to such Designated Subsidiary, dated the date of
such Initial Advance, substantially in the form of Exhibit H hereto.







(h)
Such other approvals, opinions or documents as any Lender, through the Agent,
may reasonably request.







SECTION
3.03. Conditions Precedent to Each Revolving Credit Borrowing. The obligation of
each Lender to make a Revolving Credit Advance on the occasion of each Revolving Credit
Borrowing shall be subject to the conditions precedent that the Effective Date shall have
occurred and on the date of such Revolving Credit Borrowing the following statements
shall be true (and each of the giving of the applicable Notice of Revolving Credit
Borrowing and the acceptance by the Borrower requesting such Revolving Credit Borrowing
of the proceeds of such Revolving Credit Borrowing shall constitute a representation and
warranty by such Borrower that on the date of such Borrowing such statements are true):







(i)
the representations and warranties of the Company contained in           Section 4.01(except
the representations set forth in the last sentence of           subsection (e)
thereof and in subsection (f) thereof (other than           clause (i)(B)
thereof)) are correct on and as of the date of such Revolving           Credit Borrowing,
before and after giving effect to such Revolving Credit           Borrowing and to the
application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made on           and as of such date,
and, if such Borrower is a Designated Subsidiary, the           representations and
warranties of such Borrower contained in its Designation           Letter are correct on
and as of the date of such Revolving Credit Borrowing,           before and after giving
effect to such Revolving Credit Borrowing and to the           application of the
proceeds therefrom, as though made on and as of such date,           and







(ii)          no
event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Revolving
Credit Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds therefrom, that
constitutes a Default.









36



SECTION
3.04. Conditions Precedent to Each Competitive Bid Borrowing. The obligation of
each Lender that is to make a Competitive Bid Advance on the occasion of a Competitive
Bid Borrowing to make such Competitive Bid Advance as part of such Competitive Bid
Borrowing is subject to the conditions precedent that (a) the Agent shall have
received the written confirmatory Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing with respect
thereto, (b) on or before the date of such Competitive Bid Borrowing, but prior to
such Competitive Bid Borrowing, the Agent shall have received a Competitive Bid Note
payable to the order of such Lender for each of the one or more Competitive Bid Advances
to be made by such Lender as part of such Competitive Bid Borrowing, in a principal
amount equal to the principal amount of the Competitive Bid Advance to be evidenced
thereby and otherwise on such terms as were agreed to for such Competitive Bid Advance in
accordance with Section 2.03, and (c) on the date of such Competitive Bid
Borrowing the following statements shall be true (and each of the giving of the
applicable Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing and the acceptance by the Borrower
requesting such Competitive Bid Borrowing of the proceeds of such Competitive Bid
Borrowing shall constitute a representation and warranty by such Borrower that on the
date of such Competitive Bid Borrowing such statements are true):







(i)          the
representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 4.01
(except the representations set forth in the last sentence of
subsection (e) thereof and in subsection (f) thereof (other than
clause (i)(B) thereof)) are correct on and as of the date of such
Competitive Bid Borrowing, before and after giving effect to such Competitive
Bid Borrowing and to the application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made
on and as of such date, and, if such Borrower is a Designated Subsidiary, the
representations and warranties of such Borrower contained in its Designation
Letter are correct on and as of the date of such Competitive Bid Borrowing,
before and after giving effect to such Competitive Bid Borrowing and to the
application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made on and as of such date,







(ii)          no
event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Competitive           Bid
Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds therefrom, that           constitutes a
Default, and







(iii)          no
event has occurred and no circumstance exists as a result of which the
information concerning such Borrower that has been provided to the Agent and
each Lender by such Borrower in connection herewith would include an untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact or any fact
necessary to make the statements contained therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.







SECTION
3.05. Determinations Under Section 3.01. For purposes of determining compliance
with the conditions specified in Section 3.01, each Lender shall be deemed to have
consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with each document or other matter
required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to
the Lenders unless an officer of the Agent responsible for the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the date that the
Company, by notice to the Lenders, designates as the proposed Effective Date, specifying
its objection thereto. The Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders of the occurrence of
the Effective Date.










37






ARTICLE IV




REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES



SECTION
4.01.     Representations and Warranties of the Company.  The Company represents and
warrants as follows:







(a)
The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.







(b)
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the
Notes of the Company to be delivered by it, and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, are within the Company’s corporate
powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not
contravene (i) the Company’s charter or by-laws or (ii) any law
or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Company, except
where           such contravention would not be reasonably likely to have a Material
Adverse           Effect.







(c)
No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing
with, any governmental authority or regulatory body or any other third party is
required for the due execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this
Agreement or the Notes of the Company to be delivered by it, except for those
authorizations, approvals, actions, notices and filings (i) listed on
Schedule 4.01(c) hereto, all of which have been duly obtained, taken,
given           or made and are in full force and effect and (ii) where the Company’s
failure to receive, take or make such authorization, approval, action, notice
or           filing would not have a Material Adverse Effect.







(d)          This
Agreement has been, and each of the Notes of the Company to be delivered by           it
when delivered hereunder will have been, duly executed and delivered by the
Company. This Agreement is, and each of the Notes of the Company when delivered
hereunder will be, the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company
enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms,
subject to applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or
similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally and general principles
of equity.







(e)
The Consolidated   balance  sheet  of  the  Company  and  its   Subsidiaries  as
at December 31,  2004, and the related  Consolidated  statements of income and cash
flows of the Company and its  Subsidiaries  for the fiscal year then ended, accompanied
by an opinion of KPMG LLP,  independent public accountants,  and the Consolidated
condensed  balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at July 3, 2005,  and
the related  Consolidated  statements of income and condensed cash flows of the  Company
and its  Subsidiaries  for the six months then ended, duly certified by the chief
financial  officer of the Company,  copies of which have been furnished to each Lender,
fairly present, subject, in the case of said balance sheet as at July 3, 2005,  and said
statements of income and cash flows for the six months then ended, to audit adjustments,
the Consolidated financial condition  of the  Company  and  its  Subsidiaries  as at
such  dates  and  the Consolidated  results of the operations of the Company and its
Subsidiaries for the periods









38




ended
on such dates, all in accordance with accounting principles           generally accepted
in the United States consistently applied; provided, however, that said
balance sheet and statements of income and cash flows           for the six months ended
as at July 3, 2005 are instead prepared in accordance           with applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission.           Since December 31,
2004, there has been no Material Adverse Change.







(f)
(i) There is no pending or, to the Company’s knowledge, threatened action,
suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding, including, without limitation,
any Environmental Action, affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator that (A) would be
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed
Litigation) or (B) purports to affect the legality, validity or
enforceability of this Agreement or any Note or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, and (ii) there has been no adverse change in
the status, or financial effect on the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a
whole, of the Disclosed Litigation from that described on Schedule 3.01(b)
hereto.







(g)
No proceeds of any Advance will be applied in any manner that will violate or
cause any Lender to violate Regulation U or Regulation G issued by the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.







(h)
The Company is not, and immediately after the application by the Company of the
proceeds of each Advance will not be, an “investment company”, or a
company “controlled” by an “investment company”, as such
terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.







(i)
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable
laws, rules, regulations and orders, including, without limitation, ERISA and
Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits, except where the failure to so
comply would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.







(j)
To the Company’s knowledge, (i) all past non-compliance with any
Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits has been resolved without ongoing
obligations or costs except where the failure to so comply would not be
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) no circumstances
exist that would be reasonably likely to (A) form the basis of an
Environmental Action against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of
their properties that would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse
Effect or (B) cause any such property to be subject to any restrictions on
ownership, occupancy, use or transferability under any Environmental Law that
would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.







(k)
No ERISA Event that would be reasonably  likely to have a Material  Adverse
Effect has  occurred  or is  reasonably  expected  to occur  with  respect to any Plan.







(l)
Schedule B (Actuarial  Information)  to the most recent annual report (Form 5500 Series)
for each Plan whose “funded current liability  percentage”  is less  than  90%
and  whose  “unfunded  current   liability”   exceeds $5,000,000 (as such
terms are defined in









39




Section
302(d)(8) of ERISA),  copies of which have been filed with the Internal  Revenue Service
and  furnished  to the  Lenders,  is complete  and  accurate  and fairly presents in all
material respects the funding status of such Plan.







(m)
Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has outstanding liability with
respect to, or is reasonably expected to incur any Withdrawal Liability to, any
Multiemployer Plan that would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse
Effect.







(n)
Neither the  Company  nor any ERISA  Affiliate  has been  notified  by the
sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan that such Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization or has
been terminated,   within  the  meaning  of  Title IV  of  ERISA,  and  no  such
Multiemployer  Plan is  reasonably  expected  to be in  reorganization  or to be
terminated,   within  the  meaning  of  Title IV   of  ERISA,   where  such
reorganization  or  termination  would be  reasonably  likely to have a Material Adverse
Effect.







(o)
Except as set forth in the financial statements referred to in Section 4.01(e)
and in Section 5.01(h),  the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole have no
material  liability with respect to  “expected  post retirement  benefit obligations”  within
the  meaning of  Statement  of  Financial  Accounting Standards No. 106.








ARTICLE V




COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY



SECTION
5.01.     Affirmative Covenants.  So long as any Advance shall remain unpaid or any
Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, the Company will:







(a) Compliance
with Laws, Obligations, Etc. Comply, and cause each of its           Subsidiaries to
comply, in all material respects, with all applicable laws,           rules, regulations
and orders, such compliance to include, without limitation,           compliance with
ERISA and Environmental Laws as provided in           Section 5.01(i), except where
the failure to so comply would not be           reasonably likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect.







(b) Payment
of Taxes, Etc. Pay and discharge, and cause each of its           Subsidiaries to pay
and discharge, before the same shall become delinquent if           the failure to so pay
and discharge would be reasonably likely to have a           Material Adverse Effect, (i) all
taxes, assessments and governmental           charges or levies imposed upon it or upon
its property and (ii) all lawful           claims that, if unpaid, will by law
become a Lien upon its property; provided, however, that neither the
Company nor any of its           Subsidiaries shall be required to pay or discharge any
such tax, assessment,           charge or claim that is being contested in good faith and
by proper proceedings           and as to which appropriate reserves are being
maintained.







(c) Maintenance
of  Insurance.  Maintain,  and cause each of its  Material  Subsidiaries  to
maintain,  insurance  with  responsible  and  reputable  insurance  companies or
associations  (or  continue  to  maintain  self-insurance)  in such  amounts and covering
such  risks as is  usually  carried  by  companies  engaged in similar businesses and
owning









40



similar
properties in the same general areas in           which the Company or such Subsidiary
operates.







(d) Preservation
of Corporate Existence, Etc. Preserve and maintain, and           cause each of its
Subsidiaries to preserve and maintain, its corporate           existence, rights (charter
and statutory) and franchises; provided, however, that the Company and its
Subsidiaries may consummate any merger           or consolidation permitted under Section 5.02(b)
and provided further that neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
shall be           required to preserve any right or franchise if the Board of Directors
of the           Company or such Subsidiary shall determine that the preservation thereof
is no           longer desirable in the conduct of the business of the Company or such
Subsidiary, as the case may be, and that the loss thereof would not be
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.







(e) Authorizations.
Obtain, and cause each Designated Subsidiary with a           principal place of business
outside the United States to obtain, at any time and           from time to time all
authorizations, licenses, consents or approvals (including           exchange control
approvals) as shall now or hereafter be necessary or desirable           under applicable
law or regulations in connection with such Designated           Subsidiary’s making
and performance of this Agreement and, upon the request           of any Lender, promptly
furnish to such Lender copies thereof.







(f) Keeping
of Books. Keep, and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries with           a
principal place of business in the United States to keep, proper books of
record and account, in which full and correct entries in all material respects
shall be made of all financial transactions and the assets and business of the
Company and each such Subsidiary in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles in effect from time to time.







(g) Maintenance
of Properties, Etc. Maintain and preserve, and cause each of           its
Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, all of its properties that are used           in
the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary           wear
and tear excepted, except where the failure to do so would not be           reasonably
likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.







(h) Reporting
Requirements. Furnish to the Lenders:







(i)
as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each of
the first three quarters of each fiscal year of the Company, Consolidated
condensed balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the end of
such quarter and Consolidated statements of income and Consolidated condensed
statements of cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the period
commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of
such quarter, duly certified (subject to audit adjustments) by the chief
financial officer of the Company as having been prepared in accordance with
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and
certificates of the chief financial officer of the Company as to compliance
with           the terms of this Agreement;









41




(ii)
as soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end of each
fiscal year of the Company, a copy of the annual report for such year for the
Company and its Subsidiaries, containing Consolidated balance sheet of the
Company and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year and Consolidated
statements of income and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for
such           fiscal year, in each case accompanied by an opinion of KPMG LLP or other
nationally recognized independent public accountants;







(iii)
as soon as possible and in any event within five days after the occurrence of
each Default continuing on the date of such statement, a statement of the chief
financial officer of the Company setting forth the details of such Default and
the action that the Company has taken and proposes to take with respect
thereto;







(iv)
as soon as possible and in any event within three days after the occurrence of a
Change of Control, notice of such Change of Control setting forth the details
of           such Change of Control;







(v)
promptly after the sending or filing thereof, copies of all reports that the
Company sends to any of its public securityholders, and copies of all reports
and registration statements that the Company or any Subsidiary files with the
Securities and Exchange Commission or any national securities exchange;







(vi)
(a) promptly and in any event within 20 days after the Company or any ERISA
Affiliate has actual knowledge that an event that is an ERISA Event that has
resulted or that would be reasonably likely to result in a liability of the
Company or any ERISA Affiliate in an amount in excess of $25,000,000 has
occurred, a statement of the chief financial officer or other authorized
officer           of the Company describing such ERISA Event and the action, if any, that
the           Company or such ERISA Affiliate has taken and proposes to take with respect
thereto and (b) on the date any records, documents or other information must be
furnished to the PBGC with respect to any Plan pursuant to Section 4010 of
ERISA, a copy of such records, documents and information;







(vii)
promptly and in any event within three Business Days after receipt thereof by
the Company or any ERISA Affiliate, copies of each notice from the PBGC stating
its intention to terminate any Plan or to have a trustee appointed to
administer           any Plan, where such notice, termination or appointment has resulted
or would be           reasonably likely to result in a liability of the Company or any
ERISA Affiliate           in an amount in excess of $25,000,000;







(viii)
promptly and in any event within 30 days after filing thereof with the Internal
Revenue Services, copies of each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the
annual report (Form 5500 Series) with respect to each Plan whose “funded
current liability percentage” is less than 90% and whose “unfunded
current liability” exceeds $5,000,000 (as such terms are defined in
Section           302(d)(8) of ERISA);









42





(ix)
promptly and in any event within five Business Days after receipt thereof by the
Company or any ERISA Affiliate from the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan, copies
of each notice concerning (A) the imposition of Withdrawal Liability by
any           such Multiemployer Plan, (B) the reorganization or termination, within
the           meaning of Title IV of ERISA, of any such Multiemployer Plan or
(C) the amount of liability incurred, or that may be incurred, by the
Company or any ERISA Affiliate in connection with any event described in
clause (A) or (B), where such imposition, reorganization or termination
has           resulted or would be reasonably likely to result in a liability of the
Company           or any ERISA Affiliate in an amount exceeding $25,000,000;







(x)
promptly after the commencement thereof, notice of all actions and proceedings
before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator affecting the Company or
any           of its Subsidiaries of the type described in Section 4.01(f); and







(xi)
such other information respecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as any
Lender through the Agent may from time to time reasonably request.







(i) Compliance
with Environmental Laws. Comply, and cause each of its           Subsidiaries and all
lessees and other Persons operating or occupying its           properties, to comply with
all applicable Environmental Laws and Environmental           Permits except where the
failure to so comply would not be reasonably likely to           have a Material Adverse
Effect.







SECTION
5.02. Negative Covenants. So long as any Advance shall remain unpaid or any Lender
shall have any Commitment hereunder, the Company will not:







(a) Liens,
Etc. Create or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries           to create
or suffer to exist, any Lien on or with respect to any of its           properties,
whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or assign, or permit any of           its
Subsidiaries to assign, any right to receive income, other than:







(i)
Permitted Liens,







(ii)          purchase
money Liens upon or in any real property or equipment acquired or held           by the
Company or any Subsidiary of the Company in the ordinary course of           business to
secure the purchase price of such property or equipment or to secure           Debt
incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition of such           property
or equipment, or Liens existing on such property or equipment at the           time of
its acquisition (other than any such Liens created in contemplation of           such
acquisition that were not incurred to finance the acquisition of such           property)
or extensions, renewals or replacements of any of the foregoing for           the same or
a lesser amount, provided, however, that no such Lien           shall
extend to or cover any properties of any character other than the real           property
or equipment being acquired, and no such extension, renewal or           replacement
shall










43




extend
to or cover any properties not theretofore subject to           the Lien being extended,
renewed or replaced,







(iii)
any assignment of any right to receive income existing on the Effective Date and
any Liens existing on the Effective Date,







(iv)
Liens on  property  of a Person  existing  at the time such  Person is merged
into or consolidated  with the  Company or any  Subsidiary  of the  Company or becomes a
Subsidiary of the Company; provided that such Liens do not extend to any assets
other than those of the Person so merged into or  consolidated  with the Company or such
Subsidiary  or  acquired  by the  Company  or such  Subsidiary,







(v)
other Liens or any other assignment of any right to receive income (in addition
to the Liens and assignments permitted under clauses (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or
(vi)) securing Debt in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed
$450,000,000,           and







(vi)          the
replacement, extension or renewal of any Lien or any assignment of any right           to
receive income permitted by clause (iii) or (iv) above upon or in the           same
property theretofore subject thereto or the replacement, extension or           renewal
(without increase in the amount or change in any direct or contingent           obligor)
of the Debt secured thereby.







(b) Mergers,
Etc. Merge or consolidate with or into, or convey, transfer,           lease or
otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of
transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or
hereafter acquired) to, any Person, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so,
except that (i) any Subsidiary of the Borrower may merge or consolidate with or
into, or dispose of assets to, any other Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any
Subsidiary of the Company may merge into or dispose of assets to the Company
and           (iii) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may merge with any other
Person so           long as the Company or such Subsidiary is the surviving entity, provided,
in each case, that no Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time
of such proposed transaction or would result therefrom.







(c) Change
in Nature of Business. Make, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to           make, any
material change in the nature of its business as carried on at the           date hereof.







SECTION
5.03. Financial Covenant. So long as any Advance shall remain unpaid or any Lender
shall have any Commitment hereunder, the Company shall maintain, as of the end of each
fiscal quarter, a ratio of (a) Pre-Tax Income from Continuing Operations for the
four fiscal quarters then ended to (b) Consolidated Interest Expense for such four
fiscal quarters of not less than 2.0 to 1.0.









44





ARTICLE VI




EVENTS OF DEFAULT



SECTION
6.01.     Events of Default.  If any of the following events ("Events of Default") shall
occur and be continuing:







(a)
Any Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Advance within one Business
Day after the same becomes due and payable; or any Borrower shall fail to pay
any interest on any Advance or make any other payment of fees or other amounts
payable under this Agreement or any Note within three Business Days after the
same becomes due and payable; or







(b)
Any representation or warranty made by any Company herein or, if such Borrower
is a Designated Subsidiary, in such Borrower’s Designation Letter, or by
any Borrower in connection with this Agreement shall prove to have been
incorrect in any material respect when made; or







(c)
(i) The Company shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or
agreement contained in Section 5.01(d) or (h)(iii), (iv) or (vi)-(ix) or
5.02, or (ii) the Company or any other Borrower shall fail to perform or
observe           any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 5.01(h)(i), (ii),
(v), (x)           or (xi) if such failure shall remain unremedied for 10 days after
written notice           thereof shall have been given to the relevant Borrower by the
Agent or any           Lender, or (iii) the Company or any other Borrower shall fail
to perform or           observe any other term, covenant or agreement contained in this
Agreement on its           part to be performed or observed if such failure shall remain
unremedied for 30           days after written notice thereof shall have been given to
the relevant Borrower           by the Agent or any Lender; or







(d)
Any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to pay any principal of or
premium or interest on any Debt that is outstanding in a principal or notional
amount of at least $125,000,000 in the aggregate (but excluding Debt
outstanding           hereunder) of such Borrower or such Subsidiary (as the case may
be), when the           same becomes due and payable (whether by scheduled maturity,
required           prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), and such failure shall
continue           after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement
or           instrument relating to such Debt; or any other event shall occur or
condition           shall exist under any agreement or instrument relating to any such
Debt and           shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in
such           agreement or instrument, if the effect of such event or condition is to
accelerate the maturity of such Debt; or any such Debt shall be declared to be
due and payable, or required to be prepaid or redeemed (other than by a
regularly scheduled required prepayment or redemption), purchased or defeased,
or an offer to prepay, redeem, purchase or defease such Debt shall be required
to be made, in each case prior to the stated maturity thereof, unless the event
giving rise to such prepayment, redemption, purchase or defeasance is not
related directly to any action taken by, or the condition (financial or
otherwise) or operations of, the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of
their respective properties; or









45




(e)
Any Borrower or any of its Material Subsidiaries shall generally not pay its
debts as such debts become due, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay
its debts generally, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of
creditors; or any proceeding shall be instituted by or against any Borrower or
any of its Material Subsidiaries seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or
insolvent, or seeking liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement,
adjustment, protection, relief, or composition of it or its debts under any law
relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors, or
seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver,
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for any substantial part
of its property and, in the case of any such proceeding instituted against it
(but not instituted by it), either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or
unstayed for a period of 60 days, or any of the actions sought in such
proceeding (including, without limitation, the entry of an order for relief
against, or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar
official for, it or for any substantial part of its property) shall occur; or
any Borrower or any of its Material Subsidiaries shall take any corporate
action           to authorize any of the actions set forth above in this subsection (e);
or







(f)
Any judgment or order for the payment of money in excess of $125,000,000 shall
be rendered against any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and there shall be
any period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such
judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in
effect; or







(g)
The Company or any ERISA Affiliate shall incur, or, in the reasonable opinion of
the Majority Lenders, shall be reasonably likely to incur liability in excess
of           $125,000,000 in the aggregate as a result of one or more of the following:
(i) the occurrence of any ERISA Event; (ii) the partial or complete
withdrawal of the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates from a Multiemployer
Plan; or (iii) the reorganization or termination of a Multiemployer Plan;
or







(h)
Any ERISA Event shall have occurred with respect to a Plan and the sum
(determined as of the date of occurrence of such ERISA Event) of the
Insufficiency of such Plan and the Insufficiency of any and all other Plans
with           respect to which an ERISA Event shall have occurred and then exist (or the
liability of the Company and the ERISA Affiliates related to such ERISA Event)
exceeds $125,000,000; or







(i)
The Company or any ERISA  Affiliate  shall have been  notified  by the  sponsor
of a Multiemployer   Plan  that  it  has  incurred   Withdrawal   Liability  to  such
Multiemployer  Plan in an amount that,  when  aggregated  with all other amounts required
to be  paid to  Multiemployer  Plans  by the  Company  and  the  ERISA Affiliates  as
Withdrawal  Liability   (determined  as  of  the  date  of  such notification), exceeds
$125,000,000; or







(j)
The Company or any ERISA  Affiliate  shall have been  notified  by the  sponsor
of a Multiemployer Plan that such Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization or is being
terminated,  within the meaning of  Title IV  of ERISA,  and as a result of such
reorganization  or termination the aggregate  annual  contributions of the Company and
the ERISA  Affiliates  to all  Multiemployer  Plans that are then in reorganization  or
being  terminated  have  been or will be  increased  over the amounts contributed to such










46




Multiemployer
Plans for the plan years of such Multiemployer  Plans immediately  preceding the plan
year in which  such  reorganization  or  termination  occurs  by an amount exceeding
$125,000,000 in the aggregate;







then,
and in any such event, the Agent (i) shall at the request, or may with the consent,
of the Majority Lenders, by notice to the Company and each other Borrower, declare the
obligation of each Lender to make Advances to be terminated, whereupon the same shall
forthwith terminate, and (ii) shall at the request, or may with the consent, of the
Majority Lenders, by notice to the Company and each other Borrower, declare the Advances,
all interest thereon and all other amounts payable under this Agreement to be forthwith
due and payable, whereupon the Advances, all such interest and all such amounts shall
become and be forthwith due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or further
notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrowers; provided,
however, that in the event of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief
with respect to any Borrower under the Federal Bankruptcy Code, (A) the obligation
of each Lender to make Advances to such Borrower (or, if such event has occurred in
respect of the Company, to make Advances to any Borrower) shall automatically be
terminated and (B) the Advances, all such interest and all such amounts owing by
such Borrower (or, if such event has occurred in respect of the Company, owing by all of
the Borrowers) shall automatically become and be due and payable, without presentment,
demand, protest or any notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by
the Borrowers.








ARTICLE VII




GUARANTY



SECTION
7.01. Guaranty. For valuable consideration, receipt whereof is hereby
acknowledged, and to induce each Lender to make Advances to the Designated Subsidiaries
and to induce the Agent to act hereunder, the Company hereby unconditionally and
irrevocably guarantees to each Lender and the Agent the punctual payment when due,
whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, of all obligations of the
Designated Subsidiaries now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or the Notes,
whether for principal, interest, fees, indemnities, expenses or otherwise (such
obligations being the “Guaranteed Obligations”), and agrees to pay any
and all reasonable and documented expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and
expenses) incurred by the Agent or any Lender in enforcing any rights under this
Guaranty. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company’s liability
shall extend to all amounts that constitute part of the Guaranteed Obligations and that
would be owed by any Designated Subsidiary to the Agent or any Lender under this
Agreement and the Notes but for the fact that such Guaranteed Obligations are
unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization or
similar proceeding involving such Designated Subsidiary.







SECTION
7.02. Guaranty Absolute. The Company guarantees that the Guaranteed Obligations
will be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement regardless of any
law, regulation or order now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting any of
such terms or the rights of the Agent or any Lender with respect thereto. The obligations
of the Company under this Guaranty are independent of the Guaranteed Obligations or any
other obligations of any Designated Subsidiary under this Agreement and the Notes, and a
separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against the Company to enforce
the obligations









47



of
the Company under this Guaranty, irrespective of whether any action is brought against
any Borrower or whether any Borrower is joined in any such action or actions. The
liability of the Company under this Guaranty shall be irrevocable, absolute and
unconditional irrespective of, and the Company hereby irrevocably waives any defenses it
may now or hereafter have in any way relating to, any or all of the following:







(a)
any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the Notes, or any
other agreement or instrument relating thereto;







(b)
any change in the time,  manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of,
all or any of the Guaranteed  Obligations or any other obligations of any Designated
Subsidiary  under this Agreement or the Notes,  or any other amendment or waiver of or
any  consent to  departure  from this  Agreement  or any Note,  including, without
limitation,  any increase in the Guaranteed  Obligations  resulting from the extension of
additional  credit to any  Designated  Subsidiary or any of its Subsidiaries or
otherwise;







(c)
any taking, release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any
other guaranty, for all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations;







(d)
any change, restructuring or termination of the corporate structure or existence
of any Designated Subsidiary or any of its Subsidiaries;







(e)
any failure of the Agent or any Lender to disclose to the Company or any
Designated Subsidiary any information relating to the financial condition,
operations, properties or prospects of any Designated Subsidiary now or in the
future known to the Agent or such Lender, as the case may be (the Company
waiving any duty on the part of the Agent or the Lenders to disclose such
information); or







(f)
any other circumstance (including, without limitation, any statute of
limitations) or any existence of or reliance on any representation by the Agent
or any Lender that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a
discharge of, any Designated Subsidiary or the Company or any other guarantor
or           surety.







This
Guaranty shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any
time any payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be
returned by the Agent or any Lender upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of
any Designated Subsidiary or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.







SECTION
7.03. Waivers and Acknowledgments. (a) The Company hereby waives promptness,
diligence, notice of acceptance and any other notice with respect to any of the
Guaranteed Obligations and this Guaranty and any requirement that the Agent or any Lender
exhaust any right or take any action against any Designated Subsidiary or any other
Person, and all other notices and demands whatsoever.







(b)              The
Company hereby waives any right to revoke this Guaranty, and acknowledges           that
this Guaranty is continuing in nature and applies to all Guaranteed
Obligations, whether existing now or in the future.









48




(c)              The
Company acknowledges that it will receive substantial direct and indirect
benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by this Agreement and the
Notes and that the waivers set forth in this Section 7.03 are knowingly made in
contemplation of such benefits.







SECTION
7.04. Subrogation. The Company will not exercise any rights that it may now or
hereafter acquire against any Designated Subsidiary or any other insider guarantor that
arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of the Company’s
obligations under this Guaranty or any provision of this Agreement or the Notes,
including, without limitation, any right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration,
contribution or indemnification and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of
the Agent or any Lender against such Designated Subsidiary or any other insider guarantor
or any collateral, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under
contract, statute or common law, including, without limitation, the right to take or
receive from such Designated Subsidiary or any other insider guarantor, directly or
indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or
security on account of such claim, remedy or right, unless and until all of the
Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Guaranty shall have been
paid in full in cash and the Commitments shall have expired or terminated. If any amount
shall be paid to the Company in violation of the preceding sentence at any time prior to
the later of the payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations and all other
amounts payable under this Guaranty and the Termination Date, such amount shall be held
in trust for the benefit of the Agent and Lenders and shall forthwith be paid to the
Agent to be credited and applied to the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts
payable under this Guaranty, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement and any Notes, or to be held as collateral for any Guaranteed
Obligations or other amounts payable under this Guaranty thereafter arising. If (i) the
Company shall make payment to the Agent or any Lender of all or any part of the
Guaranteed Obligations, (ii) all of the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts
payable under this Guaranty shall be paid in full in cash and (iii) the Termination
Date shall have occurred, the Agent and the Lenders will, at the Company’s request
and expense, execute and deliver to the Company appropriate documents, without recourse
and without representation or warranty, necessary to evidence the transfer by subrogation
to the Company of an interest in the Guaranteed Obligations resulting from such payment
by the Company.







SECTION
7.05. Continuing Guaranty; Assignments Under the Credit Agreement. This Guaranty
is a continuing guaranty and shall (a) remain in full force and effect until the
later of the payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts
payable under this Agreement and the Termination Date, (b) be binding upon the
Company, its successors and assigns and (c) inure to the benefit of and be
enforceable by the Agent and the Lenders and their respective successors, transferees and
assigns. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing clause (c), any Lender may
assign or otherwise transfer all or any portion of its rights and obligations under this
Agreement (including, without limitation, all or any portion of its Commitment, the
Advances owing to it and any Note or Notes held by it) to any other Person, and such
other Person shall thereupon become vested with all the benefits in respect thereof
granted to such Lender herein or otherwise, in each case as and to the extent provided in
Section 9.07 of this Agreement.







SECTION
7.06. No Stay. The Company agrees that, as between (a) the Company and (b) the
Lenders and the Agent, the Guaranteed Obligations of any Designated









49




Subsidiary
guaranteed by the Company hereunder may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as
provided in Article VI hereof for purposes of this Guaranty by declaration to the Company
as guarantor notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such
declaration as against such Designated Subsidiary and that, in the event of such
declaration to the Company as guarantor, such Guaranteed Obligations (whether or not due
and payable by such Designated Subsidiary), shall forthwith become due and payable by the
Company for purposes of this Guaranty.








ARTICLE VIII




THE AGENT



SECTION
8.01. Authorization and Action. Each Lender hereby appoints and authorizes the
Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and
discretion under this Agreement as are delegated to the Agent by the terms hereof,
together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. As to any
matters not expressly provided for by this Agreement (including, without limitation,
enforcement or collection of the Advances), the Agent shall not be required to exercise
any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting
(and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the
instructions of the Majority Lenders, and such instructions shall be binding upon all
Lenders and all holders of Advances; provided, however, that the Agent
shall not be required to take any action that exposes the Agent to personal liability or
that is contrary to this Agreement or applicable law. The Agent agrees to give to each
Lender prompt notice of each notice given to it by any Borrower pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement.







SECTION
8.02. Agent’s Reliance, Etc. Neither the Agent nor any of its directors,
officers, agents or employees shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken
by it or them under or in connection with this Agreement, except for its or their own
gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without limitation of the generality of the
foregoing, the Agent: (a) may treat the Lender that made any Advance as the holder
of the Debt resulting therefrom until the Agent receives and accepts an Assignment and
Acceptance entered into by such Lender, as assignor, and an Eligible Assignee, as
assignee, as provided in Section 9.07; (b) may consult with legal counsel
(including counsel for any Borrower), independent public accountants and other experts
selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in
good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts;
(c) makes no warranty or representation to any Lender and shall not be responsible
to any Lender for any statements, warranties or representations (whether written or oral)
made in or in connection with this Agreement; (d) shall not have any duty to
ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms,
covenants or conditions of this Agreement on the part of any Borrower or to inspect the
property (including the books and records) of any Borrower; (e) shall not be
responsible to any Lender for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability,
genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement or any other instrument or document
furnished pursuant hereto; and (f) shall incur no liability under or in respect of
this Agreement by acting upon any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or
writing (which may be by telecopier, telegram or telex) believed by it to be genuine and
signed or sent by the proper party or parties.










50




SECTION
8.03. Citibank and Affiliates. With respect to its Commitment, the Advances made
by it and the Note issued to it, Citibank shall have the same rights and powers under
this Agreement as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the
Agent; and the term “Lender” or “Lenders” shall, unless otherwise
expressly indicated, include Citibank in its individual capacity. Citibank and its
Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as trustee under indentures of,
accept investment banking engagements from and generally engage in any kind of business
with, the Company, any of its Subsidiaries and any Person who may do business with or own
securities of the Company or any such Subsidiary, all as if Citibank were not the Agent
and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.







SECTION
8.04. Lender Credit Decision. Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently
and without reliance upon the Agent or any other Lender and based on the financial
statements referred to in Section 4.01 and such other documents and information as
it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this
Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance
upon the Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it
shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking
or not taking action under this Agreement.







SECTION
8.05. Indemnification. The Lenders agree to indemnify the Agent (to the extent not
reimbursed by a Borrower), ratably according to the respective principal amounts of the
Revolving Credit Notes then held by each of them (or if no Revolving Credit Notes are at
the time outstanding or if any Revolving Credit Notes are held by Persons that are not
Lenders, ratably according to the respective amounts of their Commitments), from and
against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions,
judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever that
may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the Agent in any way relating to or
arising out of this Agreement or any action taken or omitted by the Agent under this
Agreement, provided that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such
liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs,
expenses or disbursements resulting from the Agent’s gross negligence or willful
misconduct. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender agrees to reimburse the
Agent promptly upon demand for its ratable share of any out-of-pocket expenses (including
counsel fees) incurred by the Agent in connection with the preparation, execution,
delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through
negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or
responsibilities under, this Agreement, to the extent that the Agent is not reimbursed
for such expenses by a Borrower.







SECTION
8.06. Successor Agent. The Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice
thereof to the Lenders and each Borrower and may be removed at any time with or without
cause by the Majority Lenders and such resignation or removal shall be effective upon the
appointment of a successor Agent. Upon any such resignation or removal, the Majority
Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Agent, subject to the Company’s
approval (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). If no successor Agent shall have
been so appointed by the Majority Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment,
within 30 days after the retiring Agent’s giving of notice of resignation or the
Majority Lenders’ removal of the retiring Agent, then the retiring Agent may, on
behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Agent, which shall be a commercial bank
organized under the laws of the United States of America or of any










51




State
thereof and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $250,000,000, subject to
the Company’s approval (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). Upon the
acceptance of any appointment as Agent hereunder by a successor Agent, such successor
Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers,
discretion, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be
discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement. After any retiring Agent’s
resignation or removal hereunder as Agent, the provisions of this Article VIII shall
inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was
Agent under this Agreement.








ARTICLE IX




MISCELLANEOUS



SECTION
9.01. Amendments, Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement
or the Revolving Credit Notes, nor consent to any departure by any Borrower therefrom,
shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the
Majority Lenders, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific
instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, however,
that no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by all the
Lenders, do any of the following: (a) increase the Commitment of any Lender (other than
as provided for in Section 2.05(c)) or subject any Lender to any additional monetary
obligations, (b) reduce the principal of, or interest on, the Revolving Credit Notes
or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, (c) postpone any date fixed for any
payment of principal of, or interest on, the Revolving Credit Notes or any fees or other
amounts payable hereunder, (d) release the Company from any of its obligations under
Article VII or limit the liability of the Company thereunder or (e) amend or waive this
Section 9.01 or the definition of “Majority Lenders”; and provided
further that no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by
the Agent in addition to the Lenders required above to take such action, affect the
rights or duties of the Agent under this Agreement or any Note.







SECTION
9.02. Notices, Etc. (a) All notices and other communications provided for hereunder
shall be in writing (including telecopier, telegraphic or telex communication) and
mailed, telecopied, telegraphed, telexed or delivered, if to the Company or to any
Designated Subsidiary, at the Company’s address at Corporate Headquarters, 100
Crystal A Drive, Hershey, Pennsylvania 17033-0810, Attention: Treasury Department, Fax
No. (717) 534-6724; if to any Initial Lender, at its Domestic Lending Office specified
opposite its name on Schedule I hereto; if to any other Lender, at its Domestic
Lending Office specified in the Assumption Agreement or the Assignment and Acceptance, as
the case may be, pursuant to which it became a Lender; and if to the Agent, at its
address at Two Penn’s Way, New Castle, Delaware 19720, Attention: Bank Loan
Syndications, Fax No. (302) 894-6120; or, as to any Borrower or the Agent, at such other
address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties
and, as to each other party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party
in a written notice to the Company and the Agent; provided that materials as may
be agreed between the Borrowers and the Agent may be delivered to the Agent in accordance
with clause (b) below. All such notices and communications shall, when mailed,
telecopied, telegraphed or telexed, be effective when deposited in the mails, telecopied,
delivered to the telegraph company or confirmed by telex answerback, respectively, except
that notices and









52




communications
to the Agent pursuant to Article II, III or VIII shall not be effective until
received by the Agent. Delivery by telecopier of an executed counterpart of any amendment
or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or the Notes or of any Exhibit hereto to be
executed and delivered hereunder shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart thereof.







(b)                 So
long as Citibank or any of its Affiliates is the Agent, such materials as may
be agreed between the Borrowers and the Agent may be delivered to the Agent in
an electronic medium in a format acceptable to the Agent and the Lenders by
e-mail at oploanswebadmin@citigroup.com. The Borrowers agree that the Agent may
make such materials (collectively, the “Communications”)
available to the Lenders by posting such notices on Intralinks or a
substantially similar electronic system (the “Platform”). The
Borrowers acknowledge that (i) the distribution of material through an
electronic medium is not necessarily secure and that there are confidentiality
and other risks associated with such distribution, (ii) the Platform is
provided           “as is” and “as available” and (iii) neither the
Agent nor           any of its Affiliates warrants the accuracy, adequacy or completeness
of the           Communications or the Platform and each expressly disclaims liability
for errors           or omissions in the Communications or the Platform. No warranty of
any kind,           express, implied or statutory, including, without limitation, any
warranty of           merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement
of third           party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by
the Agent           or any of its Affiliates in connection with the Platform.







(c)                 Each
Lender agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) (a           “Notice”)
specifying that any Communications have been posted           to the Platform shall
constitute effective delivery of such information,           documents or other materials
to such Lender for purposes of this Agreement; provided that if requested by any
Lender the Agent shall deliver a copy           of the Communications to such Lender by
email or telecopier. Each Lender agrees           (i) to notify the Agent in writing of
such Lender’s e-mail address to which           a Notice may be sent by electronic
transmission (including by electronic           communication) on or before the date such
Lender becomes a party to this           Agreement (and from time to time thereafter to
ensure that the Agent has on           record an effective e-mail address for such
Lender) and (ii) that any Notice may           be sent to such e-mail address.







SECTION
9.03. No Waiver; Remedies. No failure on the part of any Lender or the Agent to
exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder or under any Note shall operate
as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude
any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies
herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.







SECTION
9.04. Costs and Expenses. (a) The Company agrees to pay or cause to be paid on
demand all reasonable and documented costs and expenses of the Agent in connection with
the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification and amendment of this
Agreement, the Notes and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including,
without limitation, (A) all due diligence, syndication (including printing,
distribution and bank meetings), transportation, computer, duplication, messenger costs
and expenses and (B) the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Agent with
respect thereto and with respect to advising the Agent as to its rights and
responsibilities under this Agreement. The










53




Company
further agrees to pay or cause to be paid on demand all reasonable and documented costs
and expenses of the Agent and the Lenders, if any (including, without limitation,
reasonable counsel fees and expenses), in connection with the enforcement (whether
through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of this Agreement, the Notes and
the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, reasonable
fees and expenses of counsel for the Agent and each Lender in connection with the
enforcement of rights under this Section 9.04(a).







(b)              The
Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Agent and each Lender and each
of their  Affiliates  and  their  officers,  directors,  employees,  agents  and
advisors (each, an  “Indemnified  Party”)  from and against any
and all claims, damages,  losses,  liabilities and expenses (including,  without
limitation,  reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) that may be incurred by or
asserted or awarded against any  Indemnified  Party, in each case arising out of
or in connection with or by reason of, or in connection with the preparation for
a defense  of, any  investigation,  litigation  or  proceeding  arising  out of,
related  to or in  connection  with  the  Notes,  this  Agreement,  any  of  the
transactions  contemplated  herein or the actual or proposed use of the proceeds
of the Advances whether or not such  investigation,  litigation or proceeding is
brought by any  Borrower or the  directors,  shareholders  or  creditors  of any
Borrower or an Indemnified Party or any other Person or any Indemnified Party is
otherwise  a party  thereto  and  whether or not the  transactions  contemplated
hereby are consummated, except to the extent such claim, damage, loss, liability
or expense  results  from such  Indemnified  Party’s  gross  negligence  or
willful misconduct.







(c)              Promptly
after  receipt  by an  Indemnified  Party of notice of the  commencement  of any
action or proceeding  involving any claim, damage, loss or liability referred to
in  paragraph  (b) above,  such  Indemnified  Party will,  if a claim in respect
thereof is to be made against any Borrower, give written notice to such Borrower
of the  commencement  of such  action;  provided  that the failure of any
Indemnified  Party to give notice as provided in this Section  9.04(c) shall not
relieve such Borrower of its obligations under paragraph (b) above,  except only
to the extent that such Borrower  actually  suffers damage solely as a result of
such failure to give notice.  In the event that any such action or proceeding is
brought against an Indemnified  Party,  unless in such Indemnified  Party’s
sole judgment  (based on advise of counsel) a conflict of interest  between such
Indemnified  Party and a Borrower may exist in respect  thereof,  such  Borrower
shall be  entitled to  participate  in and to assume the  defense  thereof  with
counsel  reasonably  satisfactory to such Indemnified  Party.  After notice from
such  Borrower to such  Indemnified  Party of its election to assume the defense
thereof,  such Borrower  shall not be liable to such  Indemnified  Party for any
legal or other  expenses  subsequently  incurred  by such  Indemnified  Party in
connection   with  the  defense   thereof  (other  than   reasonable   costs  of
investigation).  No  Borrower  shall  consent to the entry of any  dismissal  or
judgment,  or enter into any  settlement of any pending or threatened  action or
proceeding  against any Indemnified Party that is or could have been a party and
for whom indemnity  could have been sought under paragraph (b) above without the
consent of such Indemnified Party unless such judgment,  dismissal or settlement
includes  as an  unconditional  term  thereof  the giving of a release  from all
liability in respect of such action or  proceeding  to such  Indemnified  Party;
provided   that  each  Indemnified  Party  agrees  that,  if  a  Borrower
reconfirms to such  Indemnified  Party that it is indemnified from all liability
in  respect  of any such  action  or  proceeding  referred  to in the  preceding
sentence,  such Indemnified Party will not enter into any settlement of any such
action









54




or
proceeding  without the consent of such  Borrower  (which  consent  shall not be
unreasonably withheld).  In addition to the foregoing,  each Borrower shall not,
in assuming  the defense of any  Indemnified  Party,  agree to any  dismissal or
settlement  without the prior written consent of such Indemnified  Party if such
dismissal or settlement  (A) would require any admission or  acknowledgement  of
culpability or wrongdoing by such Indemnified Party or (B) would provide for any
nonmonetary  relief to any Persons to be  performed by such  Indemnified  Party.








(d)              If
any payment of principal of, or Conversion  of, any  Eurodollar  Rate Advance or
LIBO Rate  Advance  is made by any  Borrower  to or for the  account of a Lender
other than on the last day of the Interest Period for such Advance,  as a result
of (i) a payment or Conversion  pursuant to  Section 2.03(d),  2.10 or
2.12,   (ii)   a   Commitment    Increase    pursuant   to   Section    2.05(c),
(iii) acceleration   of  the   maturity   of  the   Advances   pursuant  to
Section 6.01  or for any other reason, or (iv) by an Eligible Assignee to a
Lender other than on the last day of the  Interest  Period for such Advance upon
an assignment of rights and obligations under this Agreement pursuant to Section
9.07(a) as a result of a demand by the Company  pursuant  to  Section 2.17,
such Borrower  shall,  upon demand by such Lender (with a copy of such demand to
the Agent), pay to the Agent for the account of such Lender any amounts required
to compensate such Lender for any additional  losses,  costs or expenses that it
may  reasonably  and actually  incur as a result of such payment or  Conversion,
including,  without  limitation,  any  loss  (other  than  loss  of  anticipated
profits),  cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment
of  deposits or other  funds  acquired  by any Lender to fund or  maintain  such
Advance.







(e)              Without
prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of any Borrower hereunder,  the
agreements  and  obligations of such Borrower  contained in  Sections 2.11,
2.14 and 9.04 shall survive the payment in full of  principal,  interest and all
other amounts payable hereunder and relating to the Advances.







SECTION
9.05. Right of Set-off. Upon (a) the occurrence and during the continuance of
any Event of Default and (b) the making of the request or the granting of the
consent specified by Section 6.01 to authorize the Agent to declare the Advances due
and payable pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.01, each Lender is hereby
authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to
set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional
or final but excluding trust accounts) at any time held and other indebtedness at any
time owing by such Lender to or for the credit or the account of any Borrower against any
and all of the obligations of such Borrower now or hereafter existing under this
Agreement and the Note of such Borrower held by such Lender, whether or not such Lender
shall have made any demand under this Agreement or such Note. Each Lender agrees promptly
to notify the relevant Borrower after any such set-off and application, provided that
the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and
application. The rights of each Lender under this Section are in addition to other rights
and remedies (including, without limitation, other rights of set-off) that such Lender
may have.







SECTION
9.06. Binding Effect. This Agreement shall become effective (other than Sections 2.01
and 2.03, which shall only become effective upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent
set forth in Section 3.01) when it shall have been executed by the Company and the
Agent and when the Agent shall have been notified by each Initial Lender that such










55




Initial
Lender has executed it and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
each Borrower, the Agent and each Lender and their respective successors and assigns,
except that no Borrower shall have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any
interest herein without the prior written consent of the Lenders.







SECTION
9.07. Assignments, Designations and Participations. (a) Each Lender may at any
time, and if demanded by the Company pursuant to Section 2.17, shall assign to one or
more Persons all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement
(including, without limitation, all or a portion of its Commitment, the Revolving Credit
Advances owing to it and the Revolving Credit Note or Notes held by it); provided,
however, that (i) each such assignment shall be of a constant, and not a
varying, percentage of all rights and obligations under this Agreement (other than any
right to make Competitive Bid Advances, Competitive Bid Advances owing to it and
Competitive Bid Notes), (ii) except in the case of an assignment to a Person that,
immediately prior to such assignment, was a Lender or an assignment of all of a Lender’s
rights and obligations under this Agreement, the amount of the Commitment of the
assigning Lender being assigned pursuant to each such assignment (determined as of the
date of the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment) shall in no event
be less than $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, (iii) each
such assignment shall be to an Eligible Assignee, (iv) each such assignment made as a
result of a demand by the Company pursuant to Section 2.17 shall be arranged by the
Company after consultation with the Agent and shall be either an assignment of all of the
rights and obligations of the assigning Lender under this Agreement or an assignment of a
portion of such rights and obligations made concurrently with another such assignment or
other such assignments that together cover all of the rights and obligations of the
assigning Lender under this Agreement, (v) no Lender shall be obligated to make any
such assignment as a result of a demand by the Company pursuant to Section 2.17 (A)
so long as a Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (B) unless and until
such Lender shall have received one or more payments from either the Company, any other
Borrower or one or more Eligible Assignees in an aggregate amount at least equal to the
aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances owing to such Lender, together
with accrued interest thereon to the date of payment of such principal amount and all
other amounts payable to such Lender under this Agreement (including, but not limited to,
any amounts owing under Section 2.11 and Section 2.14), and the Company shall have
satisfied all of its other obligations under this Agreement as of the effective date of
the assignment and (C) if any such Eligible Assignee is not an existing Lender, the
Company shall have paid to the Agent a processing and recordation fee of $1,000, (vi) the
parties to each such assignment shall execute and deliver to the Agent, for its
acceptance and recording in the Register, an Assignment and Acceptance, together with any
Revolving Credit Note subject to such assignment and, if such assignment does not occur
as a result of a demand by the Company pursuant to Section 2.17 (in which case the
Company shall pay the fee required by clause (v)(C) of this Section 9.07(a)), a
processing and recordation fee of $3,500, and (vii) in the case of an assignment to any
Affiliate of such Lender that is engaged in the business of commercial banking, notice
thereof shall have been given to the Company and the Agent. Upon such execution,
delivery, acceptance and recording, from and after the effective date specified in each
Assignment and Acceptance, (x) the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and,
to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned to it pursuant to
such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder and
(y) the Lender assignor thereunder shall, to the extent that rights and obligations
hereunder have been assigned by it pursuant to such Assignment and










56




Acceptance,
relinquish its rights and be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in
the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all or the remaining portion of an
assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall
cease to be a party hereto).







(b)              By
executing and  delivering  an Assignment  and  Acceptance,  the Lender  assignor
thereunder and the assignee  thereunder confirm to and agree with each other and
the other  parties  hereto as follows:  (i) other  than as provided in such
Assignment and  Acceptance,  such assigning  Lender makes no  representation  or
warranty  and  assumes  no  responsibility   with  respect  to  any  statements,
warranties or  representations  made in or in connection  with this Agreement or
the execution, legality, validity, enforceability,  genuineness,  sufficiency or
value of this Agreement or any other instrument or document  furnished  pursuant
hereto;  (ii) such assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and
assumes  no  responsibility  with  respect  to the  financial  condition  of any
Borrower  or  the  performance  or  observance  by  any  Borrower  of any of its
obligations  under this Agreement or any other instrument or document  furnished
pursuant hereto;  (iii) such  assignee confirms that it has received a copy
of this Agreement,  together with copies of the financial statements referred to
in  Section 4.01(e),  the most recent financial  statements  referred to in
Section  5.01(h)  and such  other  documents  and  information  as it has deemed
appropriate  to make its own credit  analysis  and  decision  to enter into such
Assignment  and  Acceptance;  (iv) such  assignee will,  independently  and
without  reliance upon the Agent,  such assigning Lender or any other Lender and
based on such  documents and  information  as it shall deem  appropriate  at the
time,  continue to make its own credit  decisions in taking or not taking action
under this  Agreement;  (v) such  assignee  confirms that it is an Eligible
Assignee; (vi) such assignee appoints and authorizes the Agent to take such
action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and  discretion  under
this Agreement as are delegated to the Agent by the terms hereof,  together with
such  powers  and  discretion  as  are  reasonably   incidental   thereto;   and
(vii) such  assignee  agrees that it will perform in accordance  with their
terms all of the obligations that by the terms of this Agreement are required to
be performed by it as a Lender.







(c)              Upon
its receipt of an Assignment and Acceptance  executed by an assigning Lender and
an assignee  representing  that it is an Eligible  Assignee,  together  with any
Revolving Credit Note or Notes subject to such  assignment,  the Agent shall, if
such  Assignment and Acceptance has been completed and is in  substantially  the
form of Exhibit C  hereto,  (i) accept such Assignment and Acceptance,
(ii) record   the  information   contained  therein  in  the  Register  and
(iii) give prompt notice thereof to each Borrower.







(d)              The
Agent shall maintain at its address referred to in Section 9.02 a copy           of
each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and accepted by it and a register
for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and the
Commitment           of, and principal amount of the Advances owing to, each Lender from
time to time           (the “Register”). The entries in the Register
shall be           conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and
each           Borrower, the Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is
recorded           in the Register as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this
Agreement. The           Register shall be available for inspection by any Borrower or
any Lender at any           reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior
notice.










57




(e)              Each
Lender may sell  participations  to one or more banks or other  entities  (other
than any  Borrower  or any of its  Affiliates)  in or to all or a portion of its
rights and obligations under this Agreement (including,  without limitation, all
or a portion of its  Commitment,  the Advances owing to it and any Note or Notes
held by it); provided,  however,  that (i) such Lender’s
obligations under this Agreement (including,  without limitation, its Commitment
to any Borrower hereunder) shall remain unchanged,  (ii) such  Lender shall
remain solely  responsible  to the other parties  hereto for the  performance of
such  obligations,  (iii) such  Lender  shall remain the holder of any such
Note for all purposes of this Agreement,  (iv) each Borrower, the Agent and
the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in
connection with such  Lender’s  rights and obligations under this Agreement
and (v) no participant under any such participation shall have any right to
approve any amendment or waiver of any provision of this  Agreement or any Note,
or any consent to any departure by any Borrower therefrom,  except to the extent
that such  amendment,  waiver or  consent  would  reduce  the  principal  of, or
interest on, the Advances or any fees or other  amounts  payable  hereunder,  in
each case to the extent  subject to such  participation,  or  postpone  any date
fixed for any payment of principal  of, or interest on, the Advances or any fees
or other amounts payable  hereunder,  in each case to the extent subject to such
participation.   Each  Lender  agrees  that,  promptly  upon  selling  any  such
participation in accordance with this Section 9.07(e), such Lender shall deliver
written notice thereof to the Company.







(f)              Any
Lender may, in connection with any assignment or participation or proposed
assignment or participation pursuant to this Section 9.07, disclose to the
assignee, or participant or proposed assignee, or participant, any information
relating to the Company or any other Borrower furnished to such Lender by or on
behalf of such Borrower; provided that, prior to any such disclosure,
the           assignee, or participant or proposed assignee or participant shall agree to
preserve the confidentiality of any Confidential Information relating to such
Borrower received by it from such Lender.







(g)              Notwithstanding
any other provision set forth in this Agreement, any Lender may           at any time
create a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under           this
Agreement (including, without limitation, the Advances owing to it and any           Note
or Notes held by it) in favor of any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance           with
Regulation A of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.







SECTION
9.08. Designated Subsidiaries. (a) Designation. The Company may at any
time, and from time to time, by delivery to the Agent, not less than 10 Business Days
before the effective date thereof, of a Designation Letter duly executed by the Company
and the respective Subsidiary and substantially in the form of Exhibit E hereto,
designate such Subsidiary as a “Designated Subsidiary” for purposes of this
Agreement and such Subsidiary shall thereupon become a “Designated Subsidiary” for
purposes of this Agreement and, as such, shall have all of the rights and obligations of
a Borrower hereunder. The Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of each such
designation by the Company and the identity of the respective Subsidiary. Following the
delivery of a Designation Letter, if the designation of such Designated Subsidiary
obligates the Agent or any Lender to comply with “know your customer” or
similar identification procedures in circumstances where the necessary information is not
already available to it, the Company shall, promptly upon the request of the Agent or any
Lender, supply such documentation and other evidence as is reasonably requested by the
Agent or any Lender in









58





order
for the Agent or such Lender to carry out and be satisfied it has complied with the
results of all necessary “know your customer” or other similar checks under all
applicable laws and regulations.







(b)    Termination.
Upon the payment and performance in full of all of the indebtedness, liabilities and
obligations  under this  Agreement  and  relating  to the  Advances  of any Designated
Subsidiary then, so long as at the time no Notice of Revolving Credit Borrowing or Notice
of Competitive  Bid Borrowing in respect of such  Designated Subsidiary is outstanding,
such Subsidiary’s  status as a “Designated Subsidiary”  shall  terminate
upon notice to such effect from the Agent to the Lenders  (which  notice the Agent shall
give  promptly upon its receipt of a request  therefor from the Company).  Thereafter,
the Lenders shall be under no further obligation to make any Advance hereunder to such
Designated  Subsidiary.







SECTION
9.09. Confidentiality. Neither the Agent nor any Lender shall disclose any
Confidential Information to any other Person without the consent of the relevant
Borrower, other than (a) to the Agent’s or such Lender’s officers,
directors, employees, agents and advisors and, as contemplated by Section 9.07(f),
to actual or prospective assignees and participants, and then only on a need-to-know and
confidential basis in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
(b) pursuant to subpoena or other legal process or as otherwise required by law (provided
that the Person making such disclosure shall, to the extent permitted by law, provide the
Company with notice thereof), and (c) as requested or required by any state, federal
or foreign authority or examiner regulating banks or banking having jurisdiction over any
Lender.







SECTION
9.10. Governing Law. This Agreement and the Notes shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.







SECTION
9.11. Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when
so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall
constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature
page to this Agreement by telecopier shall be effective as delivery of a manually
executed counterpart of this Agreement.







SECTION
9.12. Jurisdiction, Etc. (a) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally submits to the exclusive jurisdiction only of any New York State
court or federal court of the United States of America sitting in New York City, and any
appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Agreement or the Notes, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and
each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims
in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined only in any such
New York State court or, to the extent permitted by law, in such federal court.
Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, each of the parties hereto agrees that a final
judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in
other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Each
Designated Subsidiary that has its principal place of business outside of the United
States of America hereby agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding
may be made upon the Company at its offices specified in Section 9.02 (the









59






“Process  Agent”)  and each such Designated  Subsidiary  hereby
irrevocably  appoints  the  Process  Agent its  authorized  agent to accept such
service of process, and agrees that the failure of the Process Agent to give any
notice of any such  service  shall not  impair or affect  the  validity  of such
service or of any judgment  rendered in any action or proceeding  based thereon.
Each Borrower hereby further  irrevocably  consents to the service of process in
any action or  proceeding  in such courts by the mailing  thereof by any parties
hereto by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to such Borrower at its
address set forth in Section 9.02.  Nothing in this  Agreement  shall affect any
right  that any party may  otherwise  have to serve  legal  process in any other
manner  permitted by law. To the extent that any  Designated  Subsidiary  has or
hereafter  may acquire any immunity from  jurisdiction  of any court or from any
legal process (whether through service or notice,  attachment prior to judgment,
attachment in aid of execution,  execution or otherwise)  with respect to itself
or its property,  such  Designated  Subsidiary  hereby  irrevocably  waives such
immunity in respect of its obligations under this Agreement.







(b)              Each
of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the           fullest
extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection that it may           now or
hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding           arising
out of or relating to this Agreement or the Notes in any New York           State or
federal court of the United States of America sitting in New York           City.
Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest           extent
permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance           of
such action or proceeding in any such court.







SECTION
9.13. Patriot Act. Each Lender hereby notifies each Borrower that pursuant to the
requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October
26, 2001)) (the “Act”), it is required to obtain, verify and record information
that identifies each borrower, guarantor or grantor (the “Loan Parties”), which
information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that
will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the Act.








[THE REMAINDER OF THIS
PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]









IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their
respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written.


THE HERSHEY COMPANY



BY:   /S/ David J. West
——————————————


Title:   Senior Vice President, Chief

Financial Officer


BY:   /S/ Robert J. Mazzoni, Jr.
——————————————

Title:   Vice President, Global Sourcing  &

Treasurer







CITIBANK, N.A.,
as Administrativr Agent


BY:    /S/ Carolyn Kee
——————————————

Title:   Managing Director






Lenders







CITIBANK, N.A.



BY:    /S/ Carolyn Kee
——————————————

Title:   Managing Director





BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.



BY:    /S/ David Catherall
——————————————

Title:   Vice President






UBS LOAN FINANCE LLC



BY:   /S/ Richard L. Tavrow
——————————————

Title:   Director of Banking Products


BY:   /S/ Christopher M. Altkin
——————————————

Title:   Associate Director Banking Products
















SCHEDULE I TO THE
AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT




COMMITMENTS AND
APPLICABLE LENDING OFFICES



__________________________________________________________________________________________________
Name of Initial     Commitment       Domestic Lending Office         Eurodollar Lending Office
Lender
________________________________________________________________________________________________

Bank of America,    $100,000,000     901 Main Street, 14th Floor     901 Main Street, 14th Floor
N.A.                                 Dallas, TX  75202               Dallas, TX  75202
Attn:  Sam Brown                Attn:  Sam Brown
T:  (214) 209-9262              T:  (214) 209-9262
F:  (214) 290-9519              F:  (214) 290-9519
_______________________________________________________________________________________________

Citibank, N.A.      $100,000,000     Two Penns Way                   Two Penns Way
New Castle, DE  19720           New Castle, DE  19720
Attn:  Bank Loan                Attn:  Bank Loan
Syndications                    Syndications
T:  (302) 894-6029              T:  (302) 894-6029
F:  (212) 994-0961              F:  (212) 994-0961
________________________________________________________________________________________________

UBS Loan Finance    $100,000,000     677 Washington Blvd.            677 Washington Blvd.
LLC                                  Stamford, CT  06901             Stamford, CT  06901
Attn:  Safraz Hassan            Attn:  Safraz Hassan
T:  (203) 719-3143              T:  (203) 719-3143
F:  (203) 719-3888              F:  (203) 719-3888
________________________________________________________________________________________________

TOTAL OF              $300,000,000
COMMITMENTS













SCHEDULE 3.01(b)




DISCLOSED LITIGATION




NONE












SCHEDULE 4.01(c)




REQUIRED
AUTHORIZATIONS AND APPROVALS




NONE



