












EXECUTION COPY







$180,000,000



CREDIT AGREEMENT



Dated as of April
13, 2005



Among



AQUILA, INC.,



as Borrower



THE LENDERS NAMED
HEREIN,



as Lenders



CITICORP USA, INC.,



as Issuing Bank



CITICORP USA, INC.,



as Administrative
Agent



and



UNION BANK OF
CALIFORNIA, N.A.,



as Paying Agent


















iii



i



TABLE OF CONTENTS







Page







TABLE OF CONTENTS
I





ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS
1

SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms
1

SECTION 1.02. Terms Generally
10

SECTION 1.03. Accounting Terms; GAAP
11






ARTICLE II AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE ADVANCES AND LETTER OF CREDIT
11

SECTION 2.01. Advances
11

SECTION 2.02. Making the Advances
11

SECTION 2.03. Letter of Credit
13

SECTION 2.04. Changes in the Commitments and the Available Commitments
15

SECTION 2.05. Fees.
17

SECTION 2.06. Repayment of Advances; Obligations Absolute
17

SECTION 2.07. Interest on Advances
18

SECTION 2.08. Additional Interest on Advances
19

SECTION 2.09. Interest Rate Determination
19

SECTION 2.10. Conversion of Advances
20

SECTION 2.11. Prepayments
21

SECTION 2.12. Increased Costs
22

SECTION 2.13. Illegality
23

SECTION 2.14. Taxes
24

SECTION 2.15. Payments Generally
24

SECTION 2.16. Mitigation Obligations
26

SECTION 2.17. Evidence of Indebtedness
26





ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
27

SECTION 3.01. Organization; Power; Compliance with Law and Contractual Obligations
27

SECTION 3.02. Authorization; Non-Contravention; Enforceability
28

SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals; Regulation
28

SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Effect
28

SECTION 3.05. Litigation
29

SECTION 3.06. Use of Credit
29

SECTION 3.07. Disclosure
29





ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
29

SECTION 4.01. Conditions Precedent to Initial Extension of Credit
29

SECTION 4.02. Conditions Precedent to Changes  in the Available Commitments
31





ARTICLE V
31






AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS
31

SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information
31

SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events
32

SECTION 5.03. Existence; Conduct of Business
32

SECTION 5.04. Payment of Taxes
32

SECTION 5.05. Maintenance of Properties and Insurance
32

SECTION 5.06. Books and Records; Inspection Rights
33

SECTION 5.07. Compliance with Laws
33





ARTICLE VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS
33

SECTION 6.01. Fundamental Changes
33

SECTION 6.02. Use of Proceeds
33






ARTICLE VII EVENTS OF DEFAULT
33






ARTICLE VIII THE AGENTS
36

SECTION 8.01. Authorization and Action
36

SECTION 8.02. Agent's Reliance, Etc
36

SECTION 8.03. CUSA and Affiliates; Union Bank of California and Affiliates
37

SECTION 8.04. Lender Credit Decision
37

SECTION 8.05. Indemnification
38

SECTION 8.06. Successor Agent
38






ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS
39

SECTION 9.01. Amendments
39

SECTION 9.02. Notices
40

SECTION 9.03. No Waiver; Remedies
41

SECTION 9.04. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver
41

SECTION 9.05. Assignments and Participations
43

SECTION 9.06. Survival
46

SECTION 9.07. Counterparts; Integration, Effectiveness
46

SECTION 9.08. Severability
47

SECTION 9.09. Right of Setoff
47

SECTION 9.10. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc
47

SECTION 9.11. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL
47

SECTION 9.12. Headings
48
48

SECTION 9.13. Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality
48












SCHEDULE:



Schedule I      List of
Commitment Amounts and Lending Offices



EXHIBITS:<PRE>






Exhibit A

Exhibit B

Exhibit C

Exhibit D

Exhibit E

Exhibit F

Exhibit G-1

Exhibit G-2

Exhibit G-3

Exhibit H-1

Exhibit H-2
Form of Letter of Credit

Form of Note

Form of Notice of Borrowing

Form of Assignment and Acceptance

Form of Letter of Credit Request

Form of Commitment Reduction Request

Form of Commitment Segment Confirmation

Form of Commitment Segment Termination Confirmation

Form of Summary of Available Commitments

Form of Opinion of Shook, Hardy & Bacon LLP, Missouri Counsel for the Company

Form of Opinion of Christopher Reitz, Interim General Counsel of the Company













48



CREDIT AGREEMENT



CREDIT
AGREEMENT, dated as of April 13, 2005 among AQUILA, INC., a Delaware corporation (the
“Company”), the banks, financial institutions and other
lenders (the “Lenders”) listed on the signature pages
hereof, CITICORP USA, INC. (“CUSA”), as administrative
agent (in such capacity, the “Administrative Agent”) for
the Lenders hereunder, CUSA, as the issuer of the Letter of Credit (as hereinafter
defined) (in such capacity, the “Issuing Bank”), and UNION
BANK OF CALIFORNIA, N.A., as paying agent (in such capacity, the “Paying
Agent”).



PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS



(1)
The Company has requested that the Lenders and the Issuing Bank establish a
revolving credit and letter of credit facility in the amount of $180,000,000 in
favor of the Company, all of which may be used for general corporate purposes
and the issuance of the Letter of Credit.



(2)
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Lenders, to the
extent of their respective Commitments (as hereinafter defined), and the Issuing
Bank are willing to establish the requested revolving credit and letter of
credit facility in favor of the Company.



NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, the parties hereto agree as follows:



ARTICLE I



DEFINITIONS



SECTION 1.01.
Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings
specifiedbelow:



“Administrative
Agent” has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this
Agreement.







“Administrative
Agent’s Account” means the account of the Administrative Agent
maintained by the Administrative Agent at its office at Citibank, N.A. at 2 Penns Way,
Suite 200, New Castle, DE, ABA 021-000-089, Account Number 39087254, Attention: Nick
Perazza, Ref. Aquila L/C Facility, or such other account of the Administrative Agent as
is designated in writing from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Company,
the Issuing Bank, the Paying Agent and the Lenders for such purpose.







“Advance”
means an advance by a Lender to or for the benefit of the Company as part of a Borrowing,
and refers to an Alternate Base Rate Advance or a Eurodollar Rate Advance, each of which
shall be a “Type” of Advance, subject to Conversion
pursuant to Section 2.09 or 2.10.







“Affiliate”
means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly
through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common
Control with the Person specified. For purposes of this definition, the term
“Control” (including the terms “Controlled
by” and “under common Control with”) of
a Person means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the
direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of
shares of capital stock or other equity interests, by contract or otherwise.







“Agreement”
means this Credit Agreement, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time.







“Alternate
Base Rate” means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per
annum in effect from time to time, which rate per annum shall at all times be
equal to the higher of:







(i)
the rate of interest announced publicly by Citibank, N.A. in New York, New York,
from time to time, as Citibank, N.A.‘s base rate; and







(ii)
the sum of 0.5% per annum above the Federal Funds Rate in effect from
time to time.







“Alternate
Base Rate Advance” means an Advance that bears interest as provided in
Section 2.07(a).







“Applicable
Law” means all applicable laws, statutes, treaties, rules, codes,
ordinances, regulations, permits, certificates, orders, interpretations, licenses and
permits of any Governmental Authority and judgments, decrees, injunctions, writs, orders
or like action of any court, arbitrator or other judicial or quasi-judicial tribunal of
competent jurisdiction (including those pertaining to health, safety or the environment or
otherwise).







“Applicable
Lending Office” means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender’s
Domestic Lending Office in the case of an Alternate Base Rate Advance and such
Lender’s Eurodollar Lending Office in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Advance.







“Assignment
and Acceptance” means an assignment and acceptance (i) entered into by
a Lender and an Eligible Assignee, and (ii) accepted by the Administrative Agent, in
substantially the form of Exhibit D hereto.







“Available
Amount” means, on any date of determination, an
amount equal to the aggregate Available Commitments on such date, minus the sum of
(i) the aggregate principal amount of all Advances outstanding on such date, plus
(ii) the Available LC Amount on such date, plus (iii) the aggregate principal
amount of all Drawings that have not been ratably funded by the Lenders and are
outstanding on such date.







“Available
Commitments” means, on any date of determination
and with respect to any day, the aggregate amount of all Commitment Segments in effect or
scheduled to be in effect on such day, taking into account the Commitment Segments on or
as in effect on such date of determination. The Available Commitment of any Lender on or
as of any date of determination shall be its Percentage of all Available Commitments on or
as of such date.







“Available
LC Amount” on any date means the maximum undrawn amount available to
be drawn by the Beneficiary under the Letter of Credit on such date.







“Beneficiary” means
the beneficiary or transferee of the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit.







“Borrowing”
means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Advances of the same Type made by each of the
Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01 or Section 2.03(g) or Converted pursuant to
Section 2.09 or Section 2.10.







“Business
Day” means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on
which commercial banks in New York, New York are authorized or required by law to remain
closed and, if the applicable Business Day relates to any Eurodollar Rate Advances, on
which dealings are carried on in the London interbank market.







“Code” means
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.







“Commitment”
means, as to any Lender, the aggregate amount set forth opposite such Lender’s name
on Schedule I hereto as its Commitment or, if such Lender has entered into any
Assignment and Acceptance, set forth for such Lender in the Register maintained by the
Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.05(c), as such amount may be reduced
pursuant to Section 2.04.







“Commitment
Reduction Request” has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(a).







“Commitment
Segment” means each portion of the Commitments designated as Available
Commitments pursuant to Section 2.04(c).







“Commitment
Segment Confirmation” has the meaning assigned to that term in
Section 2.04(c).







“Commitment
Segment Termination Confirmation” has the meaning assigned to that
term in Section 2.04(d).







“Company” has
the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.







“Contractual
Obligation” means, as to any Person, any provision of any security
issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such
Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound.







“Controlled
Group” means all members of a controlled group of corporations and all
members of a controlled group of trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under
common control which, together with the Company, are treated as a single employer under
Section 414(b) or 414(c) of the Code or Section 4001 of ERISA.







“Convert”,
“Conversion” and “Converted”
each refers to a conversion of Advances of one Type into Advances of another Type or the
selection of a new, or the renewal of the same, Interest Period for Eurodollar Rate
Advances pursuant to Section 2.09 or Section 2.10.







“CUSA”has
the meaning assigned to that term in the recital of parties to this Agreement.







“Date
of Issuance” means the date of issuance by the Issuing Bank of the
Letter of Credit.







“Default”
means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that upon notice,
lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default.







“Dollar” and
the sign “$” mean lawful money of the United States.







“Domestic
Lending Office” means, with respect to any Lender, the office of such
Lender specified as its “Domestic Lending Office” opposite its name on
Schedule I hereto or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a
Lender, or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify
to the Administrative Agent and the Paying Agent.







“Drawing” means
a drawing by the Beneficiary under the Letter of Credit.







“Eligible
Assignee” means (i) a Lender; (ii) an Affiliate of a Lender;
or (iii) any other Person approved by the Administrative Agent and, unless an Event
of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time any assignment is effected in
accordance with Section 9.05, the Company, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld
or delayed, provided, that neither the Company nor an Affiliate of the Company
shall qualify as an Eligible Assignee.







“End
Date” means, with respect to any Commitment Segment, the last day of
the period of such Commitment Segment agreed upon by the Company and the Administrative
Agent, and specified as the “End Date” for such Commitment Segment on the
Commitment Segment Confirmation executed and delivered in connection with such Commitment
Segment.







“Environmental
Laws” means all applicable federal, state or local statutes, laws,
ordinances, codes, rules, regulations and guidelines (including consent decrees and
administrative orders) relating to Hazardous Materials and/or to public health and
protection of the environment, including the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, and the Resource Conservation and
Recovery Act, as amended.







“ERISA” means
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time.







“Eurocurrency
Liabilities” has the meaning assigned to that term in Regulation D of
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time.







“Eurodollar
Lending Office” means, with respect to any Lender, the office of such
Lender specified as its “Eurodollar Lending Office” opposite its name on
Schedule I hereto or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a
Lender (or, if no such office is specified, its Domestic Lending Office), or such other
office of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify to the Administrative
Agent and the Paying Agent.







“Eurodollar
Rate” means, for the Interest Period for each Eurodollar Rate Advance,
the interest rate per annum appearing on Page 3750 of the Telerate Service (or any
successor page) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the
first day of the Interest Period for such Advance as the rate for Eurodollar deposits with
a maturity comparable to such Interest Period. In the event that such rate is not
available at such time for any reason, then the Eurodollar Rate shall be the rate per
annum at which dollar deposits of $5,000,000 and for a maturity comparable to such
Interest Period are offered by the principal London office of Citibank, N.A. in
immediately available funds in the London interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m.
London time, two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period.







“Eurodollar
Rate Advance” means an Advance that bears interest as provided in
Section 2.07(b).







“Eurodollar
Rate Reserve Percentage” of any Lender for the Interest Period for any
Eurodollar Rate Advance means the reserve percentage applicable during such Interest
Period (or if more than one such percentage shall be so applicable, the daily average of
such percentages for those days in such Interest Period during which any such percentage
shall be so applicable) under regulations issued from time to time by the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for determining the maximum
reserve requirement (including any emergency, supplemental or other marginal reserve
requirement) for such Lender with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or
including Eurocurrency Liabilities having a term equal to such Interest Period.







“Event
of Default” has the meaning specified in Article VII.







“Excluded
Taxes” means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, the Paying
Agent, the Issuing Bank, any Lender or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or
on account of any obligation of the Company hereunder, (i) income or franchise Taxes
imposed on (or measured by) its net income by the United States of America, or by the
jurisdiction under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal
office is located or in which its applicable lending office is located and (ii) any branch
profits Taxes imposed by the United States of America or any similar Tax imposed by any
other jurisdiction in which it is located (other than a jurisdiction in which it is
treated as being located solely by reason of its participation in transactions
contemplated by the Loan Documents).







“Expiration
Date” means the stated expiration date of the Letter of Credit, as
modified from time to time pursuant to Section 2.03(d).







“Extension
of Credit” means the making of any Advance or the issuance of the
Letter of Credit.







“Facility
Fee Rate” means, with respect to any Commitment
Segment, the rate per annum agreed upon by the Company and the Administrative
Agent, and specified as the “Facility Fee Rate” for such Commitment Segment in
the Commitment Segment Confirmation executed and delivered in connection with such
Commitment Segment or, if such Commitment Segment is reduced pursuant to Section 2.04(d),
in the Commitment Segment Termination Confirmation executed and delivered in connection
with such reduction.







“Federal
Funds Rate” means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per
annum equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of the rates on
overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged
by Federal funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business
Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if
such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average of the
quotations for such day for such transactions received by the Issuing Bank from three
Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it.







“Fee
Letter” means the Fee Letter, dated as of the date hereof, among the
Company, CUSA, the Paying Agent and Citibank, N.A., as amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time.







“Fiscal
Year” means a fiscal year of the Company and its consolidated
Subsidiaries ending on December 31 in any calendar year.







“GAAP”
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, as in
effect from time to time.







“Governmental
Approval” has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(a).







“Governmental
Authority” means the government of the United States of America, or of
any other nation, or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any
agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity
exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers
or functions of or pertaining to government.







“Hazardous
Material” means (i) any “hazardous substance”, as defined by
any Environmental Law; (ii) any “hazardous waste”, as defined by any
Environmental Law; (iii) any petroleum product; or (iv) any pollutant or contaminant or
hazardous, dangerous or toxic chemical, material or substance within the meaning of any
Environmental Law.







“Indebtedness”
of any Person means, without duplication, indebtedness for money borrowed under any bond,
debenture, note or other evidence of indebtedness (including indebtedness under any
mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there may be issued or by which there may be
secured or evidenced any indebtedness for money borrowed by the Company) whether such
indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter.







“Indemnified
Party” has the meaning specified in Section 9.04(d).







“Indemnified
Person” has the meaning specified in Section 9.04(c)







“Indemnified
Taxes” means Taxes other than Excluded Taxes.







“Interest
Period” means, for each Eurodollar Rate Advance made as part of the
same Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Eurodollar Rate Advance or the
date of the Conversion of any Advance into such Eurodollar Rate Advance and ending on the
last day of the period selected by the Company pursuant to the provisions below and,
thereafter, each subsequent period commencing on the last day of the immediately preceding
Interest Period and ending on the last day of the period selected by the Company pursuant
to the provisions below. The duration of each such Interest Period shall be one, two,
three or six months, in each case as the Company may select by notice to the
Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.02(a) or Section 2.10(a);
provided, however, that:







(i)
the Company may not select any Interest Period that ends after the Termination
Date or the Repayment Date for such Advance;







(ii)
Interest Periods commencing on the same date of Advances made as part of the
same Borrowing shall be of the same duration;







(iii)
no more than five different Interest Periods shall apply to outstanding
Eurodollar Rate Advances on any date of determination; and







(iv)
whenever the last day of any Interest Period would otherwise occur on a day
other than a Business Day, the last day of such Interest Period shall be
extended to occur on the next succeeding Business Day, provided, that if
such extension would cause the last day of such Interest Period to occur in the
next following calendar month, the last day of such Interest Period shall occur
on the next preceding Business Day.







“Issuing
Bank” has the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this
Agreement.







“Issuing
Bank’s Account” means the account of the Issuing Bank maintained
by the Issuing Bank at its office at Citibank, N.A. at 2 Penns Way, Suite 200, New Castle,
DE, ABA 021-000-089, Account Number 39087254, Attention: Nick Perazza, Ref. Aquila L/C
Facility, or such other account of the Issuing Bank as is designated in writing from time
to time by the Issuing Bank to the Company, the Paying Agent, the Administrative Agent and
the Lenders for such purpose.







“LC
Exposure” means, at any time, the sum of (i) the Available LC
Amount at such time plus  (ii) the aggregate amount of all Drawings that have
not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Company at such time. The LC Exposure of
any Lender at any time shall be its Percentage of the total LC Exposure at such time.







“Lenders” has
the meaning specified in the recital of parties to this Agreement.







“Letter
of Credit” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(a).







“Letter
of Credit Request” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(b).







“Loan
Documents” means, collectively, this Agreement, any Note and the Fee
Letter.







“Lien”
means any security interest, mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit
arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or otherwise), charge against or interest in
property, in each case of any kind, to secure payment of a debt or performance of an
obligation.







“Majority
Lenders” means, at any time prior to the earlier to occur of the
Termination Date and the termination of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.04 or
Article VII, Lenders having in the aggregate more than 50% of the Commitments and, at any
time on or after such earlier to occur, Lenders having more than 50% of the then aggregate
Outstanding Credits of the Lenders.







“Margin
Stock” means “margin stock” within the meaning of
Regulations T, U and X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.







“Material
Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on (i) the business,
assets, property, condition (financial or otherwise), operations or prospects of the
Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) the ability of the Company to perform
its obligations under any of the Loan Documents, or (iii) the legality, validity or
enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document.







“Material
Indebtedness” means Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness under this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents), of any one or more of the Company and/or its
Significant Subsidiaries, as the case may be, in an aggregate principal amount exceeding
$40,000,000.







“Note”
means any promissory note issued at a request of a Lender pursuant to Section 2.17(d)
in the form of Exhibit B hereto.







“Notice
of Borrowing” has the meaning specified in Section 2.02(a).







“Other
Taxes” means any and all present or future stamp or documentary taxes
or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment
made under any Loan Document or the Letter of Credit or from the execution, delivery or
enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document or the Letter of Credit.







“Outstanding
Credits” means, on any date of determination, an amount equal to (i)
the aggregate principal amount of all Advances outstanding on such date plus (ii) the
Available LC Amount on such date plus (iii) the aggregate principal amount of all Drawings
that have not been ratably funded by the Lenders or reimbursed by the Company and are
outstanding at such time. The Outstanding Credits of any Lender at any time shall be its
Percentage of all Outstanding Credits at such time.







“Paying
Agent” has the meaning assigned to that term in the recital of parties
to this Agreement.







“Paying
Agent’s Account” means the account of the Paying Agent maintained
by the Paying Agent at its office at Union Bank of California, N.A., at Monterey Park, CA,
ABA 122-000-496, Account Number 37130196431 TRUSDG, Account Name Aquila/Citicorp
6711756300, or such other account of the Paying Agent as is designated in writing from
time to time by the Paying Agent to the Company, the Issuing Bank, the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders for such purpose.







“Pension
Plan” means a “pension plan”, as such term is defined in
Section 3(2) of ERISA, which is subject to Title N of ERISA (other than a multiemployer
plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA), and to which the Company or any
corporation, trade or business that is, along with the Company, a member of a Controlled
Group, has any liability, including any liability by reason of having been a substantial
employer within the meaning of Section 4063 of ERISA at any time during the preceding five
years, or by reason of being deemed to be a contributing sponsor under Section 4069 of
ERISA.







“Percentage”
means, in respect of any Lender on any date of determination, the percentage obtained by
dividing such Lender’s Commitment on such day (or, if the Commitments shall have been
terminated, such Lender’s Commitment as in effect immediately prior to such
termination) by the total of the Commitments on such day (or, if the Commitments shall
have been terminated, the total amount of all Commitments as in effect immediately prior
to such termination), and multiplying the quotient so obtained by 100%.







“Person”
means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture,
association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity.







“Register” has
the meaning specified in Section 9.05(c).







“Repayment
Date” means, with respect to any Advance, as it
may be Converted from time to time, the date that is 364 days after the date of such
Advance (or such earlier date that may be specified by the Borrower, at its option, for
repayment in the applicable Notice of Borrowing), provided, however, that the
Repayment Date for each Advance shall automatically be extended to the Termination Date
upon delivery by the Company to the Administrative Agent of (i) a certificate of the
Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company certifying that attached thereto are
true and correct copies of all governmental and regulatory authorizations and approvals
required for the incurrence by the Company of Indebtedness under this Agreement having a
maturity greater than 364 days after the date of incurrence of such Indebtedness and (ii)
an opinion or opinions of counsel to the Company, to the effect that all governmental and
regulatory authorizations and approvals required for the incurrence by the Company of
Indebtedness under this Agreement having a maturity greater than 364 days after the date
of incurrence of such Indebtedness have been issued, are in full force and effect and not
subject to appeal or reconsideration.







“SEC” means
the Securities and Exchange Commission.







“SEC
Reports” means the reports filed by the Company with the SEC on Form
10-K, Form 10-Q or Form 8-K or any respective successor forms.







“Significant
Subsidiary” means any “significant subsidiary” of the
Company, as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X.







“Subsidiary”
means, with respect to any Person: (i) any corporation, association or other business
entity of which more than 50% of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting
power to elect a majority of the directors, managers or trustees of such corporation
(irrespective of whether at the time capital stock of any other class or classes of such
corporation shall or might have voting power upon the occurrence of any contingency) is at
the time directly or indirectly owned by such Person, by such Person and one or more other
Subsidiaries of such Person, or by one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person; and (ii)
any partnership (A) the sole general partner or the managing general partner of which is
such Person or a Subsidiary of such Person or (B) the only general partners of which are
such Person or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person (or any combination thereof).
Unless otherwise specified, “Subsidiary” means a Subsidiary
of the Company.







“Taxes”
means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges or
withholdings imposed by any Governmental Authority.







“Termination
Date” means the earlier to occur of (i) September
20, 2010 and (ii) the latest End Date of all Commitment Segments.







“Type” has
the meaning assigned to that term in the definition of “Advances”.







SECTION        1.02.
Terms Generally. The definitions of terms herein
shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the
context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and
neuter forms. The words “include”, “includes” and “including” shall
be deemed to be followed by the phrase “without limitation”. The word “will”shall
be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word “shall”. Unless
the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement,
instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement,
instrument or other document as from time to time amended, amended and restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments,
amendments and restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any
reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person’s
successors and assigns, (c) the words “herein”, “hereof’ and “hereunder”,
and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its
entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to
Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and
Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (e) the words “asset” and
“property” shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer
to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities,
accounts and contract rights.



SECTION        1.03.
Accounting Terms; GAAP. Except as otherwise expressly
provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in
accordance with GAAP.



ARTICLE II



AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF
THE



ADVANCES AND LETTER OF
CREDIT



SECTION        2.01.
Advances. Without limiting each Lender’s
obligation to make Advances pursuant to Section 2.03(g), each Lender severally agrees, on
the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, to make Advances to the Company in
Dollars from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the date hereof
until the Termination Date in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding
such Lender’s Percentage of the Available Amount. Each Borrowing other than in
connection with Advances made pursuant to Section 2.03(g), shall be in an aggregate
amount not less than $5,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof
and shall consist of Advances of the same Type and, in the case of Eurodollar Rate
Advances, having the same Interest Period made or Converted on the same day by the
Lenders ratably according to their respective Commitments. Within the limits of each
Lender’s Commitment and subject to the conditions set forth in Article IV and
the other terms and conditions hereof, the Company may from time to time borrow, prepay
pursuant to Section 2.11 and reborrow under this Section 2.01; provided,
that in no case shall any Lender be required to make a Advance hereunder if (i) the
amount of such Advance would exceed such Lenders’ Percentage of the Available
Amount, or (ii) the making of such Advance, together with the making of the other
Advances constituting part of the same Borrowing, would cause the total amount of all
Outstanding Credits to exceed the Available Commitment.



SECTION        2.02.
Making the Advances.



(a)                     Except
as provided otherwise to Advances made pursuant to Section 2.03(g), each
Borrowing shall be made on notice, given (i) in the case of a Borrowing
comprising Eurodollar Rate Advances, not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York
time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Borrowing,
and           (ii) in the case of a Borrowing comprising Alternate Base Rate
Advances,           not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York time) on the date of the
proposed           Borrowing, by the Company to the Administrative Agent, which shall
give to each           Lender prompt notice thereof. Each such notice of a Borrowing (a
“Notice of Borrowing”) by the Company shall be by
telephone, confirmed immediately in writing or by telecopier, in substantially
the form of Exhibit C hereto, specifying therein (A) the requested date of
such Borrowing, (B) the Type of Advances to be made in connection with
such           Borrowing, (C) the aggregate amount of such Borrowing, (D) the
Repayment           Date for such Borrowing if such Repayment Date, at the option of the
Company, is           to be earlier than 364 days after the date of the requested
Borrowing, and (E)           in the case of a Borrowing comprising Eurodollar Rate
Advances, the initial           Interest Period for such Advances, which Borrowing shall
be subject to the           limitations stated in the definition of “Interest Period” in
Section           1.01. Upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in
Article IV, each Lender shall, before 1:00 p.m. (New York time) on the
date           of such Borrowing, make available for the account of its Applicable
Lending           Office to the Administrative Agent at its address referred to in
Section 9.02, in same day funds, such Lender’s Percentage of such
Borrowing. After the Administrative Agent’s receipt of such funds and upon
fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article IV, the
Administrative Agent will make such funds available to the Company at the
Administrative Agent’s aforesaid address.



(b)                     Each
Notice of Borrowing delivered by the Company shall be irrevocable and           binding
on the Company. In the case of any Notice of Borrowing delivered by the           Company
requesting Eurodollar Rate Advances, the Company shall indemnify each           Lender
against any loss, cost or expense incurred by such Lender as a result of           any
failure by the Company to fulfill on or before the date specified in such
Notice of Borrowing the applicable conditions set forth in Article IV,
including any loss (including loss of anticipated profits), cost or expense
incurred by reason of the liquidation or redeployment of deposits or other
funds           acquired by such Lender to fund the Advance to be made by such Lender as
part of           such Borrowing when such Advance, as a result of such failure, is not
made on           such date.



(c)                     Unless
the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice via facsimile
transmission from a Lender prior to (i) 5:00 p.m. (New York time) one Business
Day prior to the date of a Borrowing comprising Eurodollar Rate Advances or
(ii)           12:00 noon (New York time) on the date of a Borrowing comprising Alternate
Base           Rate Advances that such Lender will not make available to the
Administrative           Agent such Lender’s ratable portion of such Borrowing, the
Administrative           Agent may assume that such Lender has made such portion
available to the           Administrative Agent on the date of such Borrowing in
accordance with           Section 2.02(a) and the Administrative Agent may, in
reliance upon such           assumption, make available to the Company on such date a
corresponding amount.           If and to the extent that such Lender shall not have so
made such ratable           portion available to the Administrative Agent, such Lender
and the Company           severally agree to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith
on demand such           corresponding amount together with interest thereon, for each
day from the date           such amount is made available to the Company until the date
such amount is           repaid to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of
the Company, the           interest rate applicable at the time to Advances made in
connection with such           Borrowing and (B) in the case of such Lender, the
Federal Funds Rate. If           such Lender shall repay to the Administrative Agent such
corresponding amount,           such amount so repaid shall constitute such Lender’s
Advance as part of           such Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement.



(d)                     The
failure of any Lender to make the Advance to be made by it as part of any
Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation, if any,
hereunder to make its Advance on the date of such Borrowing, but no Lender
shall           be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make the Advance to
be           made by such other Lender on the date of any Borrowing.



SECTION        2.03.
Letter of Credit.



(a)           Agreement
of Issuing Bank. Subject to the terms and           conditions of this
Agreement, the Issuing Bank agrees to issue and amend           (including to increase or
decrease the Available LC Amount or to extend the           Expiration Date) for the
account of the Company a standby letter of credit           substantially in the form of
Exhibit A or in such other form as may be           acceptable to the Issuing Bank and
the Company (the “Letter of           Credit”) on any date
from and including the date hereof to           the fifth Business Day prior to the
Termination Date, in an amount not to exceed           the aggregate Available
Commitments on such date, and having an Expiration Date           no later than the fifth
Business Day prior to the Termination Date; provided,           however, that the
Issuing Bank will not issue or amend the Letter of Credit           or increase the
Available LC Amount or extend the Expiration Date if, (i)           immediately following
such issuance, amendment, increase or extension, the total           amount of all
Outstanding Credits would exceed the sum of the Available           Commitments, or (ii)
at any time during the period from the date of such           issuance, amendment,
increase or extension to the Expiration Date, the Available           LC Amount would
exceed the sum of the Available Commitments. The Letter of           Credit shall be
denominated in Dollars only.



(b)           Notice
of Issuance. The Company shall give the Issuing Bank           and the
Administrative Agent written notice (or telephonic notice confirmed in           writing)
not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York time) on the requested Date of           Issuance,
with such notice to be in substantially the form of Exhibit E           hereto (a
“Letter of Credit Request”).



(c)           Issuance.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this           Agreement, including the
satisfaction of the applicable conditions precedent set           forth in Section 4.01,
the Issuing Bank shall issue the requested Letter of           Credit on the requested
Date of Issuance set forth in the Letter of Credit           Request for the benefit of
the Beneficiary and make such Letter of Credit           available at its office referred
to in Section 9.02 or as otherwise agreed           with the Beneficiary in
connection with such issuance. At the request of the           Company, the Issuing Bank
shall deliver a copy of the Letter of Credit to the           Company within a reasonable
time after the Date of Issuance thereof.



(d)           Extension
of the Expiration Date; Increase or Decrease in Available LC           Amount. The
Available LC Amount shall be increased or decreased,           and the Expiration Date
shall be extended, in each case from time to time           without amendment of the
Letter of Credit (as provided therein), subject to the           limitations set forth in
Section 2.03(a) above.



(e)           Participations.
By the issuance of the Letter of Credit or           increasing the Available LC Amount
and without any further action on the part of           the Issuing Bank or the Lenders,
the Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Lender,           and each Lender hereby acquires
from the Issuing Bank, a participation in the           Letter of Credit equal to such
Lender’s Percentage of the Available LC           Amount. The Company hereby agrees
to each such participation. In consideration           and in furtherance of the
foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and           unconditionally agrees to pay to
the Administrative Agent, for the account of           the Issuing Bank, such Lender’s
Percentage of each Drawing made under the           Letter of Credit funded by the
Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Company on           the date made, or of any
reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the           Company for any reason.
Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation           to acquire
participations pursuant to this subsection in respect of the Letter           of Credit
is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any           circumstance
whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of the           Letter of
Credit or the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default or           reduction or
termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be           made
without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each           Lender
further acknowledges and agrees that its participation in the Letter of           Credit
will be automatically adjusted to reflect such Lender’s Percentage           of the
Available LC Amount at each time such Lender’s Commitment is           assigned in
accordance with Section 9.05 or otherwise amended pursuant to           this
Agreement.



(f)           Reimbursement. The
Company will pay the Issuing Bank the           amount of each Drawing, whether drawn
before, on or, if in accordance with           Applicable Law, after the Expiration Date,
in accordance with this Section           2.03(f) and Section 2.03(g) below. Upon any
Drawing, the Issuing Bank shall           promptly notify the Administrative Agent and
the Company by telephone, facsimile           or other telecommunication of such Drawing.
The Company shall, upon demand,           reimburse the Issuing Bank in an amount equal
to the amount of such Drawing.



(g)           Payments.
If the Company notifies the Issuing Bank that it           does not intend to pay the
amount of any Drawing (or any portion thereof), or if           such payment is not
received by the Issuing Bank immediately upon demand           therefor pursuant to
Section 2.03(f) above, then (i) the Company will be deemed           to have requested a
Borrowing of Alternate Base Rate Advances to be disbursed on           the date of such
Drawing, in an amount equal to the amount of any portion of the           outstanding
principal amount of such Drawing not paid, without regard to any of           the
conditions (including the minimum amounts) specified in Section 2.01(a) for
Borrowings, and (ii) upon written demand by the Issuing Bank, with a copy of
such demand to the Administrative Agent, each Lender shall pay to the
Administrative Agent such Lender’s Percentage of such Borrowing by making
such funds available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the
Administrative Agent, at its address referred to in Section 9.02, for the
account of the Issuing Bank. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its
obligation to make Advances as part of a Borrowing pursuant to this subsection
is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance
whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of the Letter of
Credit or the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default or reduction or
termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made
without           any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Promptly
after           receipt of such funds from the Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall
transfer           such funds to the Issuing Bank. Each Lender agrees to fund its
Percentage of any           such Borrowing on (i) the Business Day on which demand
therefor is made by           the Issuing Bank, provided that notice of such
demand is given not later           than 11:00 A.M. (New York time) on such
Business Day, or (ii) the           first Business Day next succeeding such demand
if notice of such demand is given           after such time. If and to the extent that
any Lender shall not have so made its           Percentage of such Borrowing available to
the Administrative Agent, such Lender           agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent
forthwith on demand such amount           together with interest thereon, for each day
from the date of demand by the           Issuing Bank until the date such amount is paid
to the Administrative Agent, at           the Federal Funds Rate for its account or the
account of the Issuing Bank, as           applicable. If such Lender shall pay to the
Administrative Agent such amount for           the account of the Issuing Bank on any
Business Day, such amount so paid in           respect of principal (which amount shall
satisfy such Lender’s           participation obligation under Section 2.03(e))
shall constitute an Advance made           by such Lender on such Business Day for
purposes of this Agreement.



(h)           Nature
of Issuing Bank’s Duties. In determining           whether to honor
any Drawing under the Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank shall           be responsible
only to determine that the documents and certificates required to           be delivered
under the Letter of Credit have been delivered and that they comply           on their
face with the requirements of the Letter of Credit. The Company           otherwise
assumes all risks of the acts and omissions of, or misuse of the           Letter of
Credit by, the Beneficiary. In furtherance and not in limitation of           the
foregoing, but consistent with Applicable Law, the Issuing Bank shall not be
responsible, absent gross negligence or willful misconduct (i) for the
form, validity, sufficiency, accuracy, genuineness or legal effects of any
document submitted by any party in connection with the application for and
issuance of any Drawing, even if it should in fact prove to be in any or all
respects invalid, insufficient, inaccurate, fraudulent or forged, (ii) for
the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or
purporting to transfer or assign the Letter of Credit, or the rights or
benefits           thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove
to be           invalid or ineffective for any reason, (iii) for errors, omissions,
interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any messages, by mail,
cable, telegraph, telex, facsimile or otherwise, whether or not they be in
cipher, (iv) for errors in interpretation of technical terms, (v) for
any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in
order to make a Drawing, or the proceeds thereof, (vi) for the
misapplication by the Beneficiary or of the proceeds of any drawing honored
under the Letter of Credit, and (vii) for any consequences arising from
causes beyond the control of the Issuing Bank. None of the above shall affect,
impair or prevent the vesting of any of the Issuing Bank’s rights or
powers           hereunder. Not in limitation of the foregoing, any action taken or
omitted to be           taken by the Issuing Bank under or in connection with the Letter
of Credit shall           not create against the Issuing Bank any liability to the
Company or any Lender,           except for actions or omissions resulting from the gross
negligence or willful           misconduct of the Issuing Bank or any of its agents or
representatives.



SECTION        2.04.
Changes in the Commitments and the Available Commitments.



(a)           Voluntary
Termination or Reduction of Commitments. The           Company may,
subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 2.04, terminate           in whole,
or from time to time permanently reduce ratably in part, the unused           portions of
the Commitments upon written request by the Company to the           Administrative Agent
not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York time) on the third           Business Day immediately
prior to the requested effective date of any such           termination or reduction,
substantially the form of Exhibit F hereto (a           “Commitment
Reduction Request”); provided, that (i) each partial reduction
of the Commitments shall be in the aggregate           amount of $5,000,000 or in an
integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof,           (ii) in connection with any
partial reduction of the Commitments under this           subsection (a), the Company
shall, in accordance with subsection (d) below           specify to the Administrative
Agent the Commitment Segments, if any, that are           required to be reduced or
terminated pursuant to subsection (d) below; (iii) any           reduction of the
Commitments that requires a partial reduction or termination of           any Commitment
Segment pursuant to subsection (d) below shall be subject to the           conditions
precedent set forth in Section 4.02, (iv) the Commitments may not be           reduced to
an amount less than the Outstanding Credits, and (v) no termination           or
reduction of the Commitments under this subsection (a) shall be effective
unless and until the Administrative Agent shall have received all amounts
payable by the Company under Sections 9.04(b) and (d) in connection with such
termination or reduction. Each Commitment Reduction Request delivered by the
Company shall be irrevocable.



(b)           Mandatory
Termination or Reduction of Commitments. On (i)           the End Date of
each Commitment Segment, the aggregate Commitments shall be           automatically and
permanently reduced by an amount equal to the amount of such           Commitment
Segment, and (ii) the Termination Date and on the date of termination           of the
Commitments pursuant to Article VII, the aggregate Commitments shall be
automatically and permanently reduced to zero.



(c)           Increases
in Available Commitments. At any time from the           date of this
Agreement to October 13, 2005, and subject to the other terms and           conditions
hereof, the Company may request that a specified portion of the           Commitments be
designated as “Available Commitments” for a specified           period (each
such portion of the Commitments, for the applicable period, being a           “Commitment
Segment”). Each such request may be           delivered
telephonically by the Company to the Administrative Agent, and each of           the
Administrative Agent and the Company (i) consents to the recording of the
telephone conversations of such Persons and their Affiliates in connection with
each requested Commitment Segment and any partial reduction or termination
thereof pursuant to Section 2.04(d) and (ii) agrees to obtain any necessary
consent of, and to give notice of such recording to, such personnel of it and
its Affiliates. The requested increase in the Available Commitments resulting
from such Commitment Segment shall become effective for the specified period
when (i) the conditions precedent to such increase set forth in Section 4.02
shall be satisfied and (ii) the Administrative Agent and the Company shall have
agreed (which agreement may be reached telephonically) as to (A) the first day
of such Commitment Segment, (B) the End Date of such Commitment Segment (which
shall be the 20th day of the March, June, September or December that
is on or immediately preceding the fifth anniversary of the first day of such
Commitment Segment), (C) the amount of such Commitment Segment and (D) the
applicable Facility Fee Rate for such Commitment Segment. Promptly following
the           effectiveness of such increase in the Available Commitments, the
Administrative           Agent shall prepare and deliver to the Company a written
confirmation with           respect to the applicable Commitment Segment, substantially
in the form of           Exhibit G-1 hereto (a “Commitment Segment
Confirmation”). The Company shall, no later than 5:00 p.m.
(New York time) on the second Business Day following receipt of such Commitment
Segment Confirmation, either confirm its agreement with the matters set forth
in           such Commitment Segment Confirmation by executing and returning a copy of
such           Commitment Segment Confirmation to the Administrative Agent in accordance
with           the terms thereof, or notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any
dispute           regarding the matters set forth in the such Commitment Segment
Confirmation.           Unless the Company shall have notified the Administrative Agent
of any dispute           regarding the matters set forth in such Commitment Segment
Confirmation as           provided above, such Commitment Segment Confirmation shall
become binding on the           parties hereto on the earlier to occur of (1) 5:00 p.m.
(New York time) on the           second Business Day following receipt by the Company of
such Segment           Confirmation and (2) receipt by the Administrative Agent of a copy
of such           Commitment Segment Confirmation, executed by the Company.



(d)           Termination
and Reduction of Commitment Segments. Upon any           termination of or
reduction in the Commitments that would result in the           Available Commitments
exceeding the Commitments, Commitment Segments shall be           terminated in whole or
reduced in part in an amount at least equal to such           excess, with such
reductions to be applied to the Commitment Segments: (i) as           directed by the
Company in the case of any partial reduction of the Commitments           pursuant to
subsection (a) above and (ii) as determined by the Administrative           Agent in the
case of any termination in full of the Commitments. Any termination           of any
Commitment Segment requested by the Company shall be effective on the           date for
such termination specified by the Company in accordance with the other           terms
and conditions of this agreement. Any partial reduction of any Commitment
Segment requested by the Company shall become effective when (A) the conditions
precedent to such reduction set forth in Section 4.02 shall be satisfied and
(B)           the Administrative Agent and the Company shall have agreed (which agreement
may           be reached telephonically) as to (A) the date of effectiveness of such
reduction, (B) any change to the End Date of such Commitment Segment (which
shall be the 20th day of the March, June, September or December that
is on or immediately preceding the fifth anniversary of the first day of such
Commitment Segment), (C) the amount of such Commitment Segment after giving
effect to such reduction and (D) any change to the applicable Facility Fee Rate
for such Commitment Segment. Promptly following the effectiveness of any
termination or partial reduction of any Commitment Segment, the Administrative
Agent shall prepare and deliver to the Company a written confirmation with
respect to the partial reduction or termination of such Commitment Segment,
substantially the form of Exhibit G-2 hereto (a “Commitment
Segment Termination Confirmation”). The Company shall, no
later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the second Business Day following
receipt of such Commitment Segment Termination Confirmation, either confirm its
agreement with the matters set forth in such Commitment Segment Termination
Confirmation by executing and returning a copy of such Commitment Segment
Termination Confirmation to the Administrative Agent in accordance with the
terms thereof, or notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any dispute
regarding the matters set forth in the such Commitment Segment Termination
Confirmation. Unless the Company shall have notified the Administrative Agent
of           any dispute regarding the matters set forth in such Commitment Segment
Termination Confirmation as provided above, such Commitment Segment Termination
Confirmation shall become binding on the parties hereto on the earlier to occur
of (i) 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the second Business Day following receipt
by           the Company of such Segment Termination Confirmation and (ii) receipt by the
Administrative Agent of a copy of such Commitment Segment Termination
Confirmation, executed by the Company.



(e)           Summary
of Available Commitments. Promptly following any           increase or
decrease in the Available Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.04,           the
Administrative Agent shall prepare and distribute to the Company, the           Issuing
Bank and the Lenders for informational purposes a Summary of Available
Commitments, substantially in the form of Exhibit G-3 hereto.



SECTION        2.05.
Fees.



Fee Letter.
The Company agrees to pay all of the fees and other amounts set forth in the Fee
Letter, as more fully specified therein.



SECTION        2.06.
Repayment of Advances; Obligations Absolute.



(a)        The
Company agrees to pay to the Paying Agent, for application in accordance
with Section 2.15, (i) on the Repayment Date of each Advance, the
principal                amount of such Advance outstanding on such Repayment Date, and
(ii) on the date                of each Advance made after the Termination Date or the
date of termination of                the Commitments pursuant to Article VII as the
result of a Drawing, the                aggregate principal amount of each such Advance
(unless such Drawing is                reimbursed under Section 2.03(f)).



(b)        The
payment obligations of the Company under this Agreement and in respect of
the Letter of Credit and under any other Loan Document shall be
unconditional                and irrevocable and shall be paid strictly in accordance
with the terms of this                Agreement and the other Loan Documents under all
circumstances including the                following circumstances:



(i)
any lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or the Letter of
Credit;






(ii)
the existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other right that the Company, or
any Affiliate of the Company may have at any time against the Beneficiary or any
transferee of the Letter of Credit (or any Persons or entities for whom the
Beneficiary or transferee may be acting), the Issuing Bank or any other Person,
whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated herein
or any unrelated transaction;






(iii)
any draft, demand, certificate or any other document presented under the Letter
of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any
respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect;






(iv)
the surrender or impairment of any security for the performance or observance of
any of the terms of any of the Loan Documents;






(v)
any non-application or misapplication by the Beneficiary of the proceeds of any
Drawing under the Letter of Credit; or






(vi)
the fact that an Event of Default, or event that would constitute an Event of
Default but for the requirement that notice be given or time elapse or both,
shall have occurred and be continuing.






(c)
No payment under this Section shall be deemed to be a waiver of any claim the
Company may have against the Issuing Bank or any other Person.






SECTION        2.07.
Interest on Advances.



The
Company agrees to pay to the Paying Agent, for application in accordance with Section
2.15, interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Advance made by each Lender from the
date of such Advance until such principal amount shall be paid in full, at the following
rates per annum:



(a)           Alternate
Base Rate Advances. If such Advance is an Alternate Base Rate
Advance, a rate per annum equal at all times to the Alternate Base Rate in
effect from time to time, payable quarterly in arrears on the 20th day of each
March, June, September and December, on the Repayment Date and on the date such
Alternate Base Rate Advance shall be Converted or be paid in full.



(b)           Eurodollar
Rate Advances. If such Advance is a Eurodollar           Rate Advance, a
rate per annum equal at all times during the Interest Period for           such Advance
to the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period, payable on the           last day of
each Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Advance (and, in the           case of any
Interest Period of six months, on the last day of the third month of           such
Interest Period), on the Repayment Date and on the date such Eurodollar           Rate
Advance shall be Converted or be paid in full.



(c)           Default
Interest. Notwithstanding the rates of interest           specified in
this Section 2.07 or elsewhere herein, and to the extent permitted           by
Applicable Law, if any amount of principal or interest of any Advance is not
paid when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, the
interest rates applicable to all such Advances shall be increased by 2% per
annum, payable on demand, and if any interest, fee (including the fees payable
under Section 2.05) or other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan
Document is not paid when due, such amount shall bear interest, to the extent
permitted by Applicable Law, at a rate per annum equal at all times to the
Alternate Base Rate in effect from time to time plus 2% per annum, payable on
demand.



SECTION        2.08.
Additional Interest on Advances.



The
Company agrees to pay to the Paying Agent, whereupon the Paying Agent shall promptly
transfer such amount to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of each Lender,
so long as such Lender shall be required under regulations of the Board of Governors of
the Federal Reserve System to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets
consisting of or including Eurocurrency Liabilities, additional interest on the unpaid
principal amount of each Eurodollar Rate Advance of such Lender, from the date of such
Advance until such principal amount is paid in full, at an interest rate per annum
equal at all times to the remainder obtained by subtracting (i) the Eurodollar Rate
for the Interest Period for such Advance from (ii) the rate obtained by dividing such
Eurodollar Rate by a percentage equal to 100% minus the Eurodollar Rate Reserve Percentage
of such Lender for such Interest Period, payable on each date on which interest is payable
on such Advance; provided, that no Lender shall be entitled to demand additional
interest under this Section 2.08 more than 90 days following the last day of the
Interest Period in respect of which such demand is made; provided further, however,
that the foregoing proviso shall in no way limit the right of any Lender to demand or
receive such additional interest to the extent that such additional interest relates to
the retroactive application by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of any
regulation described above if such demand is made within 90 days after the
implementation of such retroactive regulation. Such additional interest shall be
determined by such Lender, which shall provide to the Company and the Paying Agent through
the Administrative Agent a certificate as to the amount of, and the manner of calculating,
such additional interest (provided that no Lender shall be required to disclose any
confidential or proprietary information, as determined in such Lender’s sole
judgment), and such determination shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error.



SECTION        2.09.
Interest Rate Determination.



(a)
The Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the Company, the Lenders
and the Paying Agent of the applicable interest rate determined by the
Administrative Agent for purposes of Section 2.07(a) or (b).






(b)
If the Administrative Agent is unable to ascertain the applicable interest rate
or the basis provided in the definition of “Eurodollar Rate”:






(i)  	the
Administrative Agent shall forthwith notify the Company, the Lenders and the
Paying Agent that the interest rate cannot be determined for such
Eurodollar                Rate Advances;






(ii)  	each
such Advance will automatically, on the last day of the then existing
Interest Period therefor, Convert into an Alternate Base Rate Advance (or
if                such Advance is then an Alternate Base Rate Advance, will continue as
an                Alternate Base Rate Advance); and






(iii)  	the
obligation of the Lenders to make or to Convert Advances into Eurodollar
Rate Advances shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent shall
notify the                Company, the Lenders and the Paying Agent that the
circumstances causing such                suspension no longer exist.






(c)
If, with respect to any Eurodollar Rate Advance, the Majority Lenders notify the
Administrative Agent and the Paying Agent that the Eurodollar Rate for any
Interest Period for such Advance will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost
to such Majority Lenders of making or funding their respective Eurodollar Rate
Advance for such Interest Period, the Administrative Agent shall forthwith so
notify the Company and the Lenders, whereupon:






(i)  	each
Eurodollar Rate Advance will automatically, on the last day of the then
existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into an Alternate Base Rate
Advance;                and






(ii)  	the
obligation of the Lenders to make, or to Convert Advances into, Eurodollar
Rate Advances shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent shall
notify the                Company and the Lenders that the circumstances causing such
suspension no longer                exist.






SECTION        2.10.
Conversion of Advances.



(a)           Voluntary.
The Company may on any Business Day, upon notice           given to the Administrative
Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York time) on           the third Business Day prior
to the date of any proposed Conversion into           Eurodollar Rate Advances, and on
the date of any proposed Conversion into           Alternate Base Rate Advances, and
subject to the provisions of           Sections 2.09 and 2.13, Convert all Advances
of one Type made to the           Company in connection with the same Borrowing into
Advances of another Type or           Types or an Advance of the same Type having the
same or a new Interest Period; provided, however, that any Conversion of, or with
respect to, any           Eurodollar Rate Advance into Advances of another Type or
Advances of the same           Type having the same or new Interest Periods shall be made
on, and only on, the           last day of an Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate
Advances, unless the           Company shall also reimburse the Lenders in respect
thereof pursuant to           Section 9.04(b) on the date of such Conversion.
Each such notice of a           Conversion shall, within the restrictions specified
above, specify (i) the           date of such Conversion, (ii) the Advances to
be Converted, and           (iii) if such Conversion is into, or with respect to, a
Eurodollar Rate           Advance, the duration of the Interest Period for such Advance.



(b)           Mandatory.
If the Company shall fail to select the Type of           any Advance or the duration of
any Interest Period for any Eurodollar Rate           Advance in accordance with the
provisions contained in the definition of           “Interest Period” in Section 1.01
and Section 2.10(a), or if           any proposed Conversion of Eurodollar Rate
Advances upon Conversion shall not           occur as a result of the circumstances
described in subsection (c) below,           the Administrative Agent will forthwith
so notify the Company and the Lenders,           and such Advance will automatically, on
the last day of the then existing           Interest Period therefor, Convert into
Alternate Base Rate Advance.



(c)           Failure
to Convert. Each notice of Conversion given           pursuant to
subsection (a) above shall be irrevocable and binding on           the Company.
In the case of any Borrowing that is to comprise a Eurodollar Rate           Advance upon
Conversion, the Company agrees to indemnify each Lender against any           loss, cost
or expense incurred by such Lender as a result of any failure to           fulfill on the
date specified for such Conversion the applicable conditions set           forth in this
Section 2.10, including any loss, cost or expense incurred by           reason of the
liquidation or redeployment of deposits or other funds acquired by           such Lender
to fund such Eurodollar Rate Advance upon such Conversion, when such
Conversion, as a result of such failure, does not occur. The Company’s
obligations under this subsection (c) shall survive the repayment of all other
amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent
under this Agreement and any other Loan Document and the termination of the
Commitments and the Letter of Credit.



SECTION        2.11.
Prepayments.



(a)           Optional.
The Company may at any time prepay, by paying to           the Paying Agent, for
application in accordance with Section 2.15, the           outstanding principal amounts
of the Advances made as part of the same Borrowing           in whole or ratably in part,
together with accrued interest to the date of such           prepayment on the principal
amount prepaid, upon notice thereof given to the           Administrative Agent and the
Paying Agent by the Company not later than 2:00           p.m. (New York time) (i) on
the date of any such prepayment in the case of           Alternate Base Rate Advances and
(ii) on the third Business Day prior to           any such prepayment in the case of
Eurodollar Rate Advances; provided,           however, that (x) each partial
prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in           an aggregate principal amount not less
than $5,000,000, and (y) in the case           of any such prepayment of a
Eurodollar Rate Advance, the Company shall be           obligated to reimburse the
Lenders in respect thereof pursuant to           Section 9.04(b) on the date of
such prepayment.



(b)           Mandatory.
If and to the extent that the Outstanding           Credits on any date hereunder shall
exceed the lesser of (i) the aggregate           amount of the Commitments hereunder on
such date and (ii) the aggregate amount           of Available Commitments, the Company
agrees to prepay on such date a principal           amount of Advances equal to the
amount of such excess by notifying the Paying           Agent of the amount of such
prepayment and paying such amount to the Paying           Agent for application in
accordance with Section 2.15.



(c)           All
Payments. Any prepayment of Advances shall be           accompanied by
accrued interest on the amount prepaid to the date of such           prepayment and, in
the case of any such prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Advances,           the Company shall
be obligated to pay the Paying Agent for reimbursement to the           Lenders pursuant
to Section 9.04(b), whereupon the Paying Agent shall promptly           transfer such
amount to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the           Lenders, in
respect thereof pursuant to Section 9.04(b) on the date of           such
prepayment.



SECTION        2.12.
Increased Costs.



(a)                     If,
due to either (i) the introduction of or any change (other than any           change
by way of imposition or increase of reserve requirements included in the
Eurodollar Rate Reserve Percentage) in or in the interpretation of any law or
regulation, in each case, after the date hereof, or (ii) the compliance
with any guideline or request from any central bank or other Governmental
Authority (whether or not having the force of law) issued, promulgated or made,
as the case may be, after the date hereof, there shall be any increase in the
cost incurred to any Lender of agreeing to make or making, funding or
maintaining Eurodollar Rate Advances or any increase in the cost to the Issuing
Bank of issuing or maintaining the Letter of Credit, then the Company shall
from           time to time, upon demand by such Lender or the Issuing Bank (as the case
may           be) (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent and the Paying
Agent), pay to the Paying Agent, whereupon the Paying Agent shall promptly
transfer such amount to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender
or the Issuing Bank (as the case may be), additional amounts sufficient to
compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank (as the case may be) for such
increased cost. A certificate as to the amount of, and the manner of
calculating, such increased cost and the basis therefor, submitted to the
Company, the Administrative Agent and the Paying Agent by such Lender or the
Issuing Bank, as the case may be (provided that no Lender nor the Issuing Bank
shall be required to disclose any confidential or proprietary information, as
determined by such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, in its sole
judgment), shall constitute such demand and shall be conclusive and binding for
all purposes, absent manifest error. No Lender nor the Issuing Bank shall be
entitled to demand compensation for increased costs under this           Section 2.12(a)
more than 90 days following the last day of the fiscal           year of such Person
during which such increased costs were incurred; provided, however, that the
foregoing shall in no way limit the right of           any Lender of the Issuing Bank to
demand or receive such compensation for           increased costs to the extent that such
increased costs relate to the           retroactive application of any law, regulation,
request or guideline if such           demand is made within 90 days after the
introduction of or change in such           law or regulation or the issuance,
promulgation or making of such request or           guideline (as the case may be).



(b)                     If
any Lender or the Issuing Bank determines that compliance with any law or
regulation or any guideline or request from any central bank or other
Governmental Authority (whether or not having the force of law), issued,
promulgated or made (as the case may be) after the date hereof, affects or
would           affect the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by
such           Lender or the Issuing Bank (as the case may be) or any corporation
controlling           such Lender or the Issuing Bank (as the case may be) and that the
amount of such           capital is increased by or based upon the existence of (i) such
Lender’s commitment to lend hereunder and other commitments of this type
or           (ii) the Advances made by such Lender or (iii) in the case of the
Issuing Bank, the Issuing Bank’s commitment to issue, maintain and honor
drawings under the Letter of Credit hereunder, or (iv) the honoring of the
Letter of Credit by the Issuing Bank hereunder, then, upon demand by such
Lender           or the Issuing Bank (as the case may be) (with a copy of such demand to
the           Administrative Agent and the Paying Agent), the Company shall immediately
pay to           the Paying Agent, whereupon the Paying Agent shall promptly transfer
such amount           to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender or the
Issuing Bank           (as the case may be), from time to time as specified by such
Lender or the           Issuing Bank (as the case may be), additional amounts sufficient
to compensate           such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such corporation in the light of
such           circumstances, to the extent that such Lender or the Issuing Bank (as the
case           may be) determines such increase in capital to be allocable to (i) in the
case           of such Lender, the existence of such Lender’s commitment to lend
hereunder           or, the Advances made by such Lender or (ii) in the case of the
Issuing Bank,           the Issuing Bank’s Commitment to issue, maintain and honor
Drawings, or           (iii) the honoring of the Letter of Credit by the Issuing
Bank hereunder. A           certificate as to the amount of, and the manner of
calculating, such additional           amounts and the basis therefor, submitted to the
Company, the Administrative           Agent and the Paying Agent by such Lender or the
Issuing Bank (provided that no           Lender nor the Issuing Bank shall be required to
disclose any confidential or           proprietary information, as determined by such
Lender or Issuing Bank, as the           case may be, in its sole judgment), shall
constitute such demand and shall be           conclusive and binding for all purposes,
absent manifest error. No Lender nor           the Issuing Bank shall be entitled to
demand compensation for increased capital           requirements under this Section 2.12(b)
more than 90 days following           the last day of the fiscal year of such Person
during which such increased           capital requirements were incurred; provided,
however, that the foregoing           shall in no way limit the right of any Lender
or the Issuing Bank to demand or           receive such compensation for increased
capital requirements to the extent that           such increased capital requirements
relate to the retroactive application of any           law, regulation, request or
guideline if such demand is made within 90 days           after the introduction of
or change in such law or regulation or the issuance,           promulgation or making of
such request or guideline (as the case may be).



SECTION        2.13.
Illegality.



Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, if any Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent
that the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law or
regulation makes it unlawful, or any central bank or other Governmental Authority asserts
that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its Eurodollar Lending Office to perform its
obligations hereunder to make Eurodollar Rate Advances or to fund or maintain Eurodollar
Rate Advances hereunder, (i) the obligation of the Lenders to make, or to Convert
Advances into, Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent
shall notify the Company and the Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no
longer exist and (ii) the Company shall forthwith prepay in full all Eurodollar Rate
Advances of all Lenders then outstanding, together with interest accrued thereon, unless
(A) the Company, within five Business Days of notice from the Administrative Agent,
Converts all Eurodollar Rate Advances of all Lenders then outstanding into Advances of
another Type in accordance with Section 2.10, or (B) the Administrative Agent
notifies the Company that the circumstances causing such prepayment no longer exist. Any
Lender that becomes aware of circumstances that would permit such Lender to notify the
Administrative Agent of any illegality under this Section 2.13 shall use its best
efforts (consistent with its internal policy and legal and regulatory restrictions) to
change the jurisdiction of its Applicable Lending Office if the making of such change
would avoid or eliminate such illegality and would not, in the reasonable judgment of such
Lender, be otherwise disadvantageous to such Lender.



SECTION        2.14.
Taxes.



(a)           Payments
Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on           account of any
obligation of the Company hereunder or under any other Loan           Document shall be
made free and clear of and without deduction for any           Indemnified Taxes or Other
Taxes (provided that each Lender and the Issuing Bank           will use reasonable
efforts to minimize, to the extent such efforts would not           result in material
adverse consequences to it, any such applicable taxes); provided that if the
Company shall be required to deduct any Indemnified           Taxes or Other Taxes from
such payments, then (i) the sum payable shall be           increased as necessary so that
after making all required deductions (including           deductions applicable to
additional sums payable under this Section 2.14)           such Lender, the Issuing
Bank, the Administrative Agent and the Paying Agent           receives an amount equal to
the sum it would have received had no such           deductions been made, (ii) the
Company shall make such deductions and (iii) the           Company shall pay the full
amount deducted to the relevant Governmental           Authority in accordance with
Applicable Law.



(b)           Payment
of Other Taxes by the Company. In addition, the           Company shall
pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in           accordance with
Applicable Law.



(c)           Indemnification
by the Company. The Company shall indemnify           each Lender, the
Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent and the Paying Agent,           within 10 Business
Days after such Person’s written demand therefor, for           the full amount of
any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes (including Indemnified           Taxes or Other
Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable           under this
Section 2.14) paid by any Lender, the Issuing Bank, the           Administrative
Agent or the Paying Agent, as the case may be, and any penalties,           interest and
reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto,           whether or not
such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally           imposed or
asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to           the amount
of, and the manner of calculating, such payment or liability and the           basis
therefor, delivered to the Company by any Lender or the Issuing Bank           (provided
that no Lender nor the Issuing Bank shall be required to disclose any
confidential or proprietary information, as determined by such Lender or
Issuing           Bank, as the case may be, in its sole judgment), shall be conclusive
absent           manifest error.



(d)           Evidence
of Payments. As soon as practicable after any           payment of
Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by the Company to a Governmental           Authority,
the Company shall deliver to the Lenders and the Issuing Bank (with a           copy to
the Administrative Agent and the Paying Agent) the original or a           certified copy
of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing           such payment, a
copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of           such payment
reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders and the Issuing Bank.



SECTION        2.15.
Payments Generally.



(a)                     The
Company shall make each payment hereunder and under any other Loan Document,
without regard to the existence of any counterclaim, set-off, defense or other
right that the Company may have at any time against the Issuing Bank, the
Administrative Agent, the Paying Agent, any Lender or any other Person, whether
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other
Loan Document or any unrelated transaction, not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York
time) on the day when due in Dollars to the Paying Agent’s Account in the
same day funds, and any such payment shall constitute payment by the Company
hereunder or under any other Loan Document, as the case may be, for all
purposes, and upon such payment by the Company the Lenders shall look solely to
the Paying Agent for their respective interests in such payment. The
Administrative Agent shall notify the Paying Agent in advance of the amount and
date of each such expected payment. The Paying Agent will promptly after
receipt           of any such payment from the Company cause to be distributed like funds
relating           to the payment of principal or interest or fees to the Administrative
Agent at           the Administrative Agent’s Account or, with respect to payments
made to the           Issuing Bank, to the Issuing Bank at the Issuing Bank’s
Account, and the           Administrative Agent shall then cause to be distributed in
like funds relating           to the payment of principal or interest or fees (other than
amounts payable           pursuant to Section 2.12 or 9.04(b)) (according to the
Lenders’          respective Commitments) to the Lenders for the account of their
respective           Applicable Lending Offices, and like funds relating to the payment
of any other           amount payable to any such Lender to the Administrative Agent, and
the           Administrative Agent then shall cause like funds to be distributed to the
applicable Lender for the account of its Applicable Lending Office, in each
case           to be applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Upon its
acceptance of an Assignment and Acceptance and recording of the information
contained therein in the Register pursuant to Section 9.05(c), from and
after the effective date specified in such Assignment and Acceptance, the
Administrative Agent shall make all payments hereunder and under any Note in
respect of the interest assigned thereby to the Lender assignee thereunder, and
the parties to such Assignment and Acceptance shall make all appropriate
adjustments in such payments for periods prior to such effective date directly
between themselves.



(b)                     The
Company hereby authorizes each Lender and the Issuing Bank, if and to the
extent payment owed to such Lender or the Issuing Bank (as the case may be) is
not made by the Company to the Paying Agent when due hereunder or under any
other Loan Document held by such Lender, to charge from time to time against
any           or all of the Company’s accounts (other than any payroll account
maintained           by the Company with such Lender or the Issuing Bank (as the case may
be) if and           to the extent that such Lender or the Issuing Bank (as the case may
be) shall           have expressly waived its set-off rights in writing in respect of
such payroll           account) with such Lender or the Issuing Bank (as the case may be)
any amount so           due.



(c)                     All
computations of interest based on the Alternate Base Rate, the Eurodollar           Rate
or the Federal Funds Rate shall be made by the Administrative Agent, and           all
computations of interest pursuant to Section 2.08 shall be made by a
Lender, on the basis of a year of 360 days, in each case for the actual number
of days (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the
period for which such interest is payable. All computations of the fees
hereunder shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a year
comprising twelve 30-day months, in each case for the actual number of days
(including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period
for           which such fees or interest are payable. Each determination by the
Administrative Agent (or, in the case of Section 2.08, by a Lender) of an
interest rate hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes,
absent           manifest error.



(d)                     Whenever
any payment hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be stated           to be
due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the           next
succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be
included in the computation of payment of interest or fees, as the case may be;
provided, however, if such extension would cause payment of interest on
or principal of Eurodollar Rate Advances to be made in the next following
calendar month, such payment shall be made on the next preceding Business Day.



(e)                     Unless
the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Company           prior to
the date on which any payment is due to the Lenders hereunder that the           Company
will not make such payment in full, the Administrative Agent may assume           that
the Company has made such payment in full to the Paying Agent on such date           and
the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, cause to be
distributed to each Lender on such due date an amount equal to the amount then
due such Lender. If and to the extent that the Company shall not have so made
such payment in full to the Paying Agent, each Lender shall repay to the
Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such amount distributed to such Lender
together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is
distributed to such Lender until the date such Lender repays such amount to the
Administrative Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate.



SECTION        2.16.
Mitigation Obligations(a) . If the Issuing Bank or
any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.12, or if the Company is required to pay
any additional amount to any Lender or the Issuing Bank or any Governmental Authority for
account of any such Lender or the Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.14, then such
Lender or the Issuing Bank shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending
office for funding or booking its Advances or the Letter of Credit hereunder or to assign
its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates
(unless the Company shall direct such Lender or the Issuing Bank not to), if, in the
judgment of such Lender or the Issuing Bank, such designation or assignment (i) would
eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.12 or 2.14, as the case
may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender or the Issuing Bank to
any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such
Lender or the Issuing Bank. The Company hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and
expenses incurred by any such Lender or the Issuing Bank in connection with any such
designation or assignment; provided that the Company will not be liable to pay
such costs and expenses if the Company agrees to instead pay the costs and expenses
incurred by such Lender or the Issuing Bank under Section 2.12 or 2.14.



SECTION        2.17.
Evidence of Indebtedness.



(a)                     Each
Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or
accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Company to such Lender resulting
from each Advance made by such Lender from time to time, including the amounts
of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time
hereunder.



(b)                     The
Administrative Agent shall also maintain accounts in which it will record           (i) the
amount of each Advance made hereunder, the Type thereof and the           Interest Period
(if any) with respect thereto, (ii) the amount of any           principal or
interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the           Company to each
Lender hereunder, and (iii) the amount of any sum received           by the
Administrative Agent hereunder from the Company and each Lender’s           share
thereof.



(c)                     The
entries maintained in the accounts maintained pursuant to subsections (a)           and
(b) above shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the
obligations therein recorded; provided, however, that the failure of the
Administrative Agent or any Lender to maintain such accounts or any error
therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Company to repay
such obligations in accordance with their terms.



(d)                     Any
Lender may request that its Advances be evidenced by a Note. In such event,           the
Company shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a Note payable to           the
order of such Lender. Thereafter, the Advances evidenced by such Note and
interest thereon shall at all times (including after any assignment pursuant to
Section 9.05) be represented by one or more Notes payable to the order of
the payee named therein or any assignee pursuant to Section 9.05, except
to           the extent that any such Lender or assignee subsequently returns any such
Note           for cancellation and requests that such Borrowings once again be evidenced
as           described in subsections (a) and (b) above.



ARTICLE III



REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES



The
Company represents and warrants as follows:



SECTION        3.01.
Organization; Power; Compliance with Law and Contractual Obligations. The Company:



(a)                     is
a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of Delaware;



(b)                     is
duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign           corporation
in each jurisdiction where the nature of its business requires such
qualification, except where failure to so qualify or remain in good standing
could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;



(c)                     has
all requisite corporate power and authority and holds all material requisite
governmental licenses, permits and other approvals to conduct its business as
currently conducted and to perform its obligations hereunder and under each of
the other Loan Documents; and



(d)                     except
as disclosed in the Company’s SEC Reports filed prior to the date           hereof
or otherwise disclosed in writing by the Company to the Issuing Bank           prior to
the date hereof, is in compliance with all laws, governmental           regulations
(including Environmental Laws, ERISA regulations and regulations of           the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), court decrees, and orders
applicable to it, except where the failure to be in compliance, individually or
in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect.



SECTION        3.02.
Authorization; Non-Contravention; Enforceability.



(a)        The
execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Loan Documents and
the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby are within the
Company’s corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all
necessary                corporate actions, and do not:



(i)  	contravene
the Company’s charter and bylaws;






(ii)  	contravene
any law, governmental regulation, court decree or order or                Contractual
Obligation binding on or affecting the Company; or






(iii)  	result
in, or require the creation or imposition of, any Lien on any of the
Company’s properties, other than Liens created under the Loan
Documents.






(b)        This
Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document when delivered hereunder
will have been, duly executed and delivered by the Company. This Agreement
is,                and each other Loan Document when delivered hereunder will be, the
legal, valid                and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against
the Company in                accordance with its terms.



SECTION        3.03.
Governmental Approvals; Regulation.



(a)                     No
authorization, consent, approval, license, exemption of or filing or
registration with any court or Governmental Authority or regulatory body
(“Governmental Approval”) is required by the
Company for the due execution, delivery or performance by the Company of any
Loan Document, or for the consummation of the transactions contemplated
thereby,           except for (A) authorizations that have been, as of the date hereof,
duly           obtained and are in full force and effect and not subject to review or
appeal or           (B) notice filings required to be filed after the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents.



(b)                     The
Company is not an “investment company”, or an “affiliated           person” of,
or “promoter” or “principal underwriter”          for, an “investment
company”, as such terms are defined in the           Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended. The Company is not a “holding           company”, or a “subsidiary
company” of a “holding           company”, or an “affiliate” of
a “holding company” or           of a “subsidiary company” of a “holding
company”, as such           terms are defined in the Public Utility Holding Company
Act of 1935, as amended.           The Company will not violate any provision of any such
Act or any rule,           regulation or order of the Securities and Exchange Commission
thereunder, as a           result of the issuance of the Letters of Credit, or the
consummation of the           transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents.



SECTION        3.04.
Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Effect.



(a)           Financial
Condition. The audited consolidated balance sheet of the           Company and its
Subsidiaries, as at December 31, 2004, and the related           consolidated statement
of income and consolidated statement of cash flows of the           Company and its
Subsidiaries for the Fiscal Year then ended, accompanied by an           unqualified
opinion of KPMG, LLP, independent public accountants, have been           prepared using
GAAP and fairly present the consolidated financial condition of           the Company and
its Subsidiaries as at the dates thereof and the results of           their operations
for the period then ended.



(b)           No
Material Adverse Change. Except as disclosed in the Company’s SEC
Reports filed prior to the date hereof or otherwise disclosed in writing by the
Company to the Issuing Bank prior to the date hereof, there has not occurred
any           event, development, circumstance or condition having a Material Adverse
Effect           since December 31, 2004.



SECTION        3.05.
Litigation. Except as disclosed in the Company’s
SEC Reports filed prior to the date hereof, there is no pending or, to the knowledge of
the Company, threatened litigation, investigation, action, proceeding, or labor
controversy affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective
properties, businesses, assets or revenues, which, if adversely determined (taking into
account any insurance proceeds payable under a policy where the insurer has accepted
coverage without any reservations), could reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect or which purports to adversely affect the legality, validity or
enforceability of the Loan Documents.



SECTION        3.06.
Use of Credit. The Company is not engaged in the
business of extending credit for the purpose of buying or carrying Margin Stock, and no
part of the proceeds of any Extension of Credit hereunder will be used to buy or carry
any Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of buying or carrying any
Margin Stock.



SECTION        3.07.
Disclosure. Each of the reports required to be filed
by the Company under Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 has been filed
and, as of the respective dates thereof and as of the date hereof, such reports (as each
such report may have been supplemented or revised by any subsequent report) did not
contain and do not contain an untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit and do
not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.



ARTICLE IV



CONDITIONS PRECEDENT



SECTION        4.01.
Conditions Precedent to Initial Extension of Credit.



The
obligation of each Lender to make its initial Advance and the obligation of the Issuing
Bank to issue the Letter of Credit, in each case, in connection with the initial Extension
of Credit hereunder are subject to the conditions precedent that on or before the date of
such Extension of Credit:



(a)        The
Administrative Agent shall have received the following, each dated the same
date (except for the financial statements and information referred to in
paragraph (v) below), in form and substance satisfactory to the
Administrative                Agent and (except for any Note) with one copy for the
Issuing Bank and each                Lender:



(i)  	Any
Note requested by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, duly completed and
executed by the Company and payable to the order of each such Lender;






(ii)  	The
Fee Letter, duly executed by the parties thereto;






(iii)  	Certified
copies of the resolutions of the Executive Committee of the Board of
Directors of the Company approving this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents                and of all documents evidencing any other necessary corporate
action with                respect to this Agreement and such Loan Documents;






(iv)  	A
certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company
certifying (A) the names and specimen signatures of at least two
officers                of the Company authorized to sign each Loan Document and the
other documents to                be delivered hereunder; (B) that attached thereto
are true and correct                copies of the charter and by-laws of the Company, in
each case as in effect on                such date; and (C) that attached thereto
are true and correct copies of all                governmental and regulatory
authorizations and approvals required for the due                execution, delivery and
performance by the Company of this Agreement and each                other Loan Document;






(v)  	Copies
of the consolidated balance sheets of the Company and its Subsidiaries as
of December 31, 2004, and the related consolidated statements of
income,                retained earnings and cash flows of the Company and its
Subsidiaries for the                fiscal periods then ended, certified by KPMG, LLP;






(vi)  	(A)
An opinion of Shook, Hardy & Bacon L.L.P., Missouri counsel for the
Company, substantially in the form of Exhibit H-1 hereto and (B) an
opinion                of Christopher Reitz, Interim General Counsel of the Company,
substantially in                the form of Exhibit H-2 hereof;






(vii)  	A
favorable opinion of King & Spalding LLP, special New York counsel for the
Administrative Agent, in a form acceptable to the Administrative Agent and
the                Lenders; and






(viii)  	Such
other certifications, opinions (including opinions as to certain regulatory
matters relating to the Company), financial or other information,
approvals and                documents as the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or
any Lender may                reasonably request, all in form and substance satisfactory
to the Administrative                Agent, the Issuing Bank or such Lender (as the case
may be).






(b)        The
Company shall have paid all of the fees then due and payable under this
Agreement and the Fee Letter.



(c)        The
following statements shall be true (and each of the giving of the initial
Notice of Borrowing (in the case of a Borrowing) or the Letter of Credit
Request                (in the case of the issuance of the Letter of Credit) and the
acceptance by the                Company of the proceeds of such Borrowing or the
acceptance of the Letter of                Credit by the Beneficiary, as the case may be,
shall constitute a representation                and warranty by the Company that on the
date of the initial Extension of Credit                such statements are true):



(i)  	The
representations and warranties contained in Article III hereof are true and
correct on and as of the date of such Extension of Credit, before and
after                giving effect to such Extension of Credit and to the application of
the proceeds                therefrom, as though made on and as of such date; and






(ii)  	No
event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Extension of
Credit or from the application of the proceeds therefrom, that constitutes
an                Event of Default or would constitute an Event of Default but for the
requirement                that notice be given or time elapse or both.






SECTION        4.02.
Conditions Precedent to Changes in the Available Commitments.



Each
increase in the Available Commitments and each decrease in the Available Commitments
resulting from the reduction or termination of any Commitment Segment shall be subject to
the conditions precedent that on the date of any such increase or decrease, (i) no Default
shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii) the Company shall have been deemed to have
made the following representation and warranty, which shall be true and correct on such
date: each of the reports required to be filed by the Company under Section 13(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 on the date of such increase or decrease has been filed
and, as of the respective dates thereof and as of the date of such increase or decrease,
such reports (as each such report may have been supplemented or revised by any subsequent
report) did not contain and do not contain an untrue statement of a material fact and did
not omit and do not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading.



ARTICLE V



AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS



Unless
the Majority Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing, so long as any amount payable by
the Company hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall remain unpaid, the Letter of
Credit shall remain outstanding or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder:



SECTION        5.01.
Financial Statements and Other Information. The Company will furnish to the
Administrative Agent, with sufficient copies for the Issuing Bank and each Lender:



(a)                     (i)
as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each           of
the first three fiscal quarters of each Fiscal Year of the Company, unaudited
consolidated balance sheets of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the end
of           such fiscal quarter and consolidated statements of income and consolidated
statements of cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal
quarter and for the period commencing at the end of the previous Fiscal Year
and           ending with the end of such fiscal quarter, all in reasonable detail and
duly           certified (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments) by the Chief
Financial           Officer of the Company as having been prepared in accordance with
GAAP; and (ii)           as soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the
end of each           Fiscal Year of the Company, a copy of the consolidated balance
sheets of the           Company and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Year
and consolidated           statements of income and cash flows of the Company and its
Subsidiaries for such           Fiscal Year, in each case accompanied by an opinion of
KPMG, LLP or other           independent public accountants of recognized standing; provided that
the           Company shall have satisfied the foregoing requirements to the extent the
Company shall have filed SEC Reports within the respective time periods set
forth above containing the information stated above;



(b)                     concurrently
with any delivery of financial statements under Section 5.01(a), a           certificate
of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company certifying as to           whether a
Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the           details
thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect           thereto; and



(c)                     within
10 days after the filing thereof, copies of all reports which the Company           sends
to any of its stockholders, and copies of all registration statements, SEC
Reports (or, in each case, any successor forms) which the Company or any
Subsidiary files with the SEC or any successor or analogous Governmental
Authority (other than public offerings of securities under employee benefit
plans or dividend reinvestment plans); provided that the Company shall
have satisfied the foregoing requirement to the extent the applicable reports,
registration statements or SEC Reports, as the case may be, are available to
the           public from the SEC or any successor or analogous Governmental Authority.



SECTION        5.02.
Notices of Material Events. The Company will furnish
to the Administrative Agent, with sufficient copies for the Lenders, the Paying Agent and
the Issuing Bank, prompt written notice of the occurrence of any Default. Each notice
delivered under this Section 5.02 shall be accompanied by a statement of the Company
setting forth the details of such Default and any action taken or proposed to be taken
with respect thereto (other than litigation strategy and related documentation subject to
the attorney-client privilege).



SECTION        5.03.
Existence; Conduct of Business. The Company will
continue to engage in business of the same type as now conducted by it and preserve,
renew and keep in full force and effect its existence (corporate or otherwise) and good
standing in the state of its organization and take all action to maintain all material
rights, privileges and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its
business.



SECTION        5.04.
Payment of Taxes. The Company will pay and discharge
all Taxes imposed upon it or upon its property before the same shall become delinquent or
in default, except where the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith
by appropriate proceedings and the Company has set aside on its books adequate reserves
with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP, unless and until any Lien resulting
therefrom attaches to the Company’s property and becomes enforceable by the Company’s
creditors.



SECTION        5.05.
Maintenance of Properties and Insurance



(a)                     The
Company will maintain, preserve, protect and keep its property and equipment           in
good repair, working order and condition (ordinary wear and tear excepted),
make necessary and proper repairs, renewals and replacements so that its
business carried on in connection therewith may be properly conducted at all
times unless the Company determines in good faith that the continued
maintenance           of any of its properties or equipment is no longer economically
desirable.



(b)                     The
Company will maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance           companies
insurance on all its property in at least such amounts and against at           least
such risks as are usually insured against in the same general area by           companies
engaged in the same or a similar business, and furnish to the           Administrative
Agent, upon reasonable request, full information as to the           insurance carried
including certified copies of policies and certificates of           insurance from a
nationally recognized insurance broker.



SECTION        5.06.
Books and Records; Inspection Rights. The Company
will keep books and records which accurately reflect all of its business affairs,
transactions and the documents and other instruments that underlie all corporate actions
of the Company, in each case in accordance with GAAP. The Company will, at the expense of
the Administrative Agent (unless a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, in which case the Company will bear the expense), permit any representatives
designated by the Administrative Agent, at any reasonable time and from time to time, to
visit its principal corporate office to discuss its financial matters with its officers
and independent public accountants.



SECTION        5.07.
Compliance with Laws. The Company will comply, in all
material respects, with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders of any
Governmental Authority, applicable to it or its property, except where the failure to
comply, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect.



ARTICLE VI



NEGATIVE COVENANTS



Until
the Majority Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing, so long as any amount payable by
the Company hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall remain unpaid, the Letter of
Credit shall remain outstanding or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder:



SECTION        6.01.
Fundamental Changes. The Company will not liquidate
or dissolve, consolidate with, or merge into or with, any other Person, or purchase or
otherwise acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any Person (or of any
division thereof); provided, however, that any Subsidiary may merge or consolidate
with or into the Company so long as, immediately after giving effect to such merger or
consolidation, (A) no Default has occurred and is continuing and (B) the Company is the
surviving corporation.



SECTION        6.02.
Use of Proceeds. The Company shall not (i) use the
Letter of Credit or the proceeds of any Advance for any purpose other than general
corporate purposes of the Company, or (ii) use the Letter of Credit or the proceeds of
any Advance in any manner which violates or results in a violation of law.



ARTICLE VII



EVENTS OF DEFAULT



If
any of the following events (“Events of Default”) shall
occur:



(a)        the
Company shall fail to pay any principal of any Advance or any amount
described in Section 9.04(d) when and as the same shall become due
and                payable;



(b)        the
Company shall fail to pay any interest on any Advance, or any portion of any
fee or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan
Document, when                and as the same shall become due and payable, and such
failure shall continue                unremedied for a period of three or more Business
Days;



(c)        any
representation or warranty made or deemed made by the Company in or in
connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment
or                modification hereof or thereof, or in any report, certificate,
financial                statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in
connection with this                Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment
or modification hereof or                thereof, shall prove to have been incorrect in
any material respect when made or                deemed made;



(d)        the
Company shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or
agreement contained in Article VI;



(e)        the
Company shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or
agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those specified in
clause (a),                (b) or (d) of this Article) or any other Loan Document and
such failure shall                continue unremedied for a period of 30 or more days
after the earlier of the                date on which (i) any officer of the Company
becomes aware of such failure or                (ii) written notice thereof shall have
been given to the Company by the Issuing                Bank, the Administrative Agent or
the Paying Agent;



(f)        the
Company or any Significant Subsidiary shall (A) default in any payment
(regardless of amount) of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on
any                Material Indebtedness beyond the grace period, if any, provided in the
instrument or agreement under which such Indebtedness was created or (B)
default                in the observance or performance of any other agreement or
condition relating to                any such Indebtedness or contained in any instrument
or agreement evidencing,                securing or relating thereto, or any other event
shall occur or condition exist,                the effect of which default or other event
or condition is to cause, or to                permit the holder or holders of such
Indebtedness (or a trustee or agency on                behalf of such holder or holders
or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with                the giving of notice, if
required, such Indebtedness to become due prior to its                stated maturity; provided that
if such default, or any event of default                resulting therefrom, shall be
remedied, cured or waived by the requisite holders                of such Indebtedness,
then the Event of Default under this clause (f) by reason                thereof will be
deemed likewise to have been remedied, cured or varied;



(g)        the
Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall:



(i)  	become
insolvent or generally fail to pay, or admit in writing its inability or
unwillingness to pay, debts as they become due;






(ii)  	apply
for, consent to, or acquiesce in, the appointment of a trustee, receiver,
sequestrator or other custodian for the Company or a substantial portion
of its                property, or make a general assignment for the benefit of
creditors;






(iii)  	in
the absence of such application, consent or acquiescence, permit or suffer to
exist the appointment of a trustee, receiver, sequestrator or other
custodian                for the Company or for a substantial part of its property, and
such trustee,                receiver, sequestrator or other custodian shall not be
discharged within 30                days, provided that nothing herein shall
prohibit or restrict any right                the Issuing Bank may have under any
Applicable Law to appear in any court                conducting any relevant proceeding
during such 30-day period to preserve,                protect and defend its rights under
this Agreement (and the Company shall not                object to any such appearance);






(iv)  	permit
or suffer to exist the commencement of any bankruptcy, reorganization,
debt arrangement or other case or proceeding under any bankruptcy or
insolvency                law, or any dissolution, winding up or liquidation proceeding,
in respect of the                Company, and, if any such case or proceeding is not
commenced by the Company,                such case or proceeding shall be consented to or
acquiesced in by the Company or                shall result in the entry of an order for
relief or shall remain for 30 days                undismissed, provided that
nothing herein shall prohibit or restrict any                right the Issuing Bank may
have under any Applicable Law to appear in any court                conducting any such
case or proceeding during such 30-day period to preserve,                protect and
defend its rights under this Agreement (and the Company shall not                object
to any such appearance); or






(v)  	take
any corporate action authorizing, or in furtherance of, any of the
foregoing;






(h)        one
or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess
of $40,000,000 (taking into account any insurance proceeds payable under a
policy where the insurer has accepted coverage without reservation) shall
be                rendered against the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries or
any                combination thereof and either (i) enforcement proceedings shall have
been                commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order; or (ii) there
shall be                any period of thirty (30) consecutive days during which a stay of
enforcement of                such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or
otherwise, shall not be                in effect;



(i)        any
of the Loan Documents shall become unenforceable; or



(j)        any
of the following events shall occur with respect to any Pension Plan: (a)
the institution of any steps by the Company, any member of its Controlled
Group                or any other Person to terminate a Pension Plan if, as a result of
such                termination, the Company or any such member could be required to make
a                contribution to such Pension Plan, or could reasonably expect to incur a
liability or obligation to such Pension Plan, in excess of $40,000,000; or
(b) a                contribution failure occurs with respect to any Pension Plan
sufficient to give                rise to a Lien under Section 302(f) of ERISA;



then, and in every such event (other
than an event with respect to the Company described in clause (g) of this Article), the
Paying Agent (in the case of clauses (a) and (b) above with respect to payments to the
Paying Agent) shall promptly provide notice of such Event of Default to the Administrative
Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall, in the case of all other clauses above or upon
receipt of notice from the Paying Agent of an Event of Default described in clause (a) or
(b) above, and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, at the request
or may with the consent of the Majority Lenders, by notice to the Company, (i) declare the
obligation of each Lender to make Advances (other than Advances made under Section
2.03(g)) and the obligation of the Issuing Bank to issue and increase the Available LC
Amount of the Letter of Credit, to be terminated, whereupon the same shall forthwith
terminate and (ii) declare the Advances, all interest thereon and all other amounts
payable under this Agreement to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the Advances, all
such interest and all such amounts shall become and be forthwith due and payable, without
presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby
expressly waived by the Company; provided, however, that upon the occurrence of an
Event of Default described in clause (g) above, (A) the obligation of the Lenders to
make Advances (other than Advances made under Section 2.03(g)) and the obligation of
the Issuing Bank to issue and/or increase the Available LC Amount of the Letter of Credit,
shall automatically be terminated and (B) all Advances and all other amounts payable
under the Loan Documents shall automatically become and be due and payable, without
presentment, demand, protest or any notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly
waived by the Company.



ARTICLE VIII



THE AGENTS



SECTION        8.01.
Authorization and Action.



Each
Lender and the Issuing Bank hereby appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent and
the Paying Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers
under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative
Agent and the Paying Agent under such agreements, together with such powers as are
reasonably incidental thereto. As to any matters not expressly provided for by this
Agreement or the other Loan Documents the Administrative Agent and the Paying Agent shall
not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to
act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining
from acting) upon the instructions of the Majority Lenders and the Issuing Bank, and such
instructions shall be binding upon all Lenders and the Issuing Bank; provided, however,
that the Administrative Agent and the Paying Agent shall not be required to take any
action which exposes the Administrative Agent or the Paying Agent to personal liability or
which is contrary to this Agreement or Applicable Law. The Administrative Agent agrees to
give to each Lender and the Issuing Bank prompt notice of each notice given to it by the
Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document.



SECTION        8.02.
Agent’s Reliance, Etc.



Neither
the Administrative Agent or the Paying Agent nor any of its directors, officers, agents or
employees shall be liable to any Lender, the Issuing Bank or the Company for any action
taken or omitted to be taken by it or them under or in connection with this Agreement or
any other Loan Document, except for its or their own gross negligence or willful
misconduct. Without limitation of the generality of the foregoing, each of the
Administrative Agent and the Paying Agent and if appropriate, the Company: (i) may
treat each Lender listed in the Register as a “Lender” with a Commitment in the
amount recorded in the Register until the Administrative Agent receives and accepts an
Assignment and Acceptance entered into by a Lender listed in the Register, as assignor,
and an Eligible Assignee, as assignee, as provided in Section 9.05(c), at which time
the Administrative Agent will make such recordations in the Register as are appropriate to
reflect the assignment effected by such Assignment and Acceptance; (ii) may consult
with legal counsel (including counsel for the Company), independent public accountants and
other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be
taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or
experts; (iii) makes no warranty or representation to any Lender or the Issuing Bank
and shall not be responsible to any Lender or the Issuing Bank for any statements,
warranties or representations (whether written or oral) made in or in connection with the
Loan Documents; (iv) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the
performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of the Loan
Documents on the part of the Company or to inspect the property (including the books and
records) of the Company; (v) shall not be responsible to any Lender or the Issuing
Bank for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency
or value of, or the perfection or priority of any lien or security interest created or
purported to be created under or in connection with, any of the Loan Documents or any
other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; and (v) shall incur no
liability under or in respect of this Agreement by acting upon any notice, consent,
certificate or other instrument or writing (which may be by telecopier, telegram or cable)
believed by it in good faith to be genuine and signed or sent by the proper party or
parties. No provision of this Agreement shall require the Paying Agent to expend or risk
its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its
duties hereunder, or in the exercise of its rights or powers. The permissive rights of the
Paying Agent to do things enumerated in this Agreement shall not be construed as a duty.
The Paying Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any Event of Default (other than
any Event of Default described in clause (a) or (b) of Article VII with respect to any
payment that is to be made to the Paying Agent) unless and until the Paying Agent shall
have received written notice thereof at its principal office in New York.



SECTION        8.03.
CUSA and Affiliates; Union Bank of California, N.A. and Affiliates.



(a)                     CUSA
and its affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as trustee
under indentures of, and generally engage in any kind of business with, the
Company, any of their respective subsidiaries and any Person who may do
business           with or own securities of the Company or any such subsidiary, all as
if CUSA           were not the Administrative Agent and without any duty to account
therefor to           the Lenders.



(b)                     Union
Bank of California, N.A. and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend
money to, act as trustee under indentures of, and generally engage in any kind
of business with, the Company, any of their respective subsidiaries and any
Person who may do business with or own securities of the Company or any such
subsidiary, all as if Union Bank of California were not the Paying Agent and
without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.



SECTION        8.04.
Lender Credit Decision.



Each
Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the
Administrative Agent, the Paying Agent, the Issuing Bank or any other Lender and based on
the financial statements referred to in Section 4.01 and such other documents and
information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to
enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and
without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Paying Agent, the Issuing Bank or any
other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at
the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under
this Agreement.



SECTION        8.05.
Indemnification.



The
Lenders agree to indemnify each of the Administrative Agent and the Paying Agent (to the
extent not reimbursed by the Company), ratably according to the amounts of their
respective Commitments, from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses,
damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any
kind or nature whatsoever that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against such
agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any other Loan Document
or any action taken or omitted by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any
other Loan Document; provided that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of
such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits,
costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from such agent’s gross negligence or
willful misconduct. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender agrees to reimburse
such agent promptly upon demand for its ratable share of any out-of-pocket expenses
(including reasonable counsel fees) incurred by such agent in connection with the
preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement
(whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in
respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, to
the extent that such expenses are reimbursable by the Company but for which such agent is
not reimbursed by the Company.



Each
Lender severally agrees to indemnify the Issuing Bank (to the extent not promptly
reimbursed by the Company) from and against such Lender’s ratable share of any and
all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits,
costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever that may be imposed on,
incurred by, or asserted against the Issuing Bank in any way relating to or arising out of
this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Letter of Credit or any action taken or
omitted by the Issuing Bank under any Loan Document or the Letter of Credit or in
connection herewith; provided, however, that no Lender shall be liable for any
portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments,
suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from the Issuing Bank’s gross
negligence or willful misconduct as found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court
of competent jurisdiction. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender agrees to
reimburse the Issuing Bank promptly upon demand for its ratable share of any costs and
expenses (including fees and expenses of counsel) payable by the Company under Section
9.04(a) and (c), to the extent that the Issuing Bank is not promptly reimbursed for such
costs and expenses by the Company.



SECTION        8.06.
Successor Agent.



The
Administrative Agent or the Paying Agent shall resign if directed by the Majority Lenders
and the Issuing Bank for any reason. The Administrative Agent or the Paying Agent may
resign(i) if a successor Administrative Agent or Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall
have been appointed in accordance with this Section 8.06, or (ii) at any time, upon
written notice to the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and the Company, if in the judgment of
such Administrative Agent or Paying Agent, as the case may be, there exist or may occur
reasons related to conflict of interest, a change in, or violation of, law or regulation
or interpretation thereof, or such other occurrence that may prevent or impede the
Administrative Agent or the Paying Agent, as the case may be, in discharging its duties
hereunder faithfully and effectively in accordance with their terms. Any successor
Administrative Agent or Paying Agent shall be appointed by the Majority Lenders and the
Issuing Bank and shall be a bank or trust company reasonably satisfactory to the Company
(so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing), the Majority
Lenders and the Issuing Bank. If no successor Administrative Agent or Paying Agent shall
have been so appointed by the Majority Lenders and the Issuing Bank, and shall have
accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent’s
or Paying Agent’s giving of notice of resignation or the Majority Lender’s and
Issuing Bank’s removal of the Administrative Agent or the Paying Agent, then such
retiring Administrative Agent or Paying Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the
Issuing Bank, appoint a successor Administrative Agent or Paying Agent, which shall be a
commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or of any state
thereof and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $75,000,000. Upon the
acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent or Paying Agent hereunder by a
successor Administrative Agent or Paying Agent, such successor Administrative Agent or
Paying Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers,
privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent or Paying Agent, and the
retiring Administrative Agent or Paying Agent shall be discharged from its duties and
obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. After any retiring
Administrative Agent’s or Paying Agent’s resignation or removal hereunder as
Administrative Agent or Paying Agent, the provisions of this Article VIII shall inure to
its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was
Administrative Agent or Paying Agent under this Agreement.



ARTICLE IX



MISCELLANEOUS



SECTION        9.01.
Amendments.



(a)                     No
amendment, supplement or modification to this Agreement or any other Loan
Document shall be enforceable against the Company unless the same shall be in
writing and signed by the Company. No amendment or waiver of any provision of
this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any instrument delivered
hereunder,           nor consent to any departure by the Company therefrom, shall in any
event be           effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the
Administrative           Agent and, to the extent required by Section 9.01(b) hereof, the
Paying Agent,           the Issuing Bank, the Majority Lenders or each Lender, as the
case may be, and           then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the
specific instance and           for the specific purpose for which given.



(b)                     Upon
any occasion requiring or permitting an approval of any amendment or
modification or any consent, waiver, declaring an Event of Default or taking
any           action thereafter, or any other action on the part of the Administrative
Agent,           the Paying Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Lenders under any of the Loan
Documents, (i) action may (but shall not be required to) be taken by the
Administrative Agent or the Paying Agent for and on the behalf or for the
benefit of all Lenders, provided (A) that no other direction of the
Majority Lenders shall have been previously received by the Administrative
Agent           or the Paying Agent, respectively, and (B) that the Administrative Agent
or the           Paying Agent shall have received consent of the Majority Lenders to
enter into           any written amendment or modification of the provisions of any of
the Loan           Documents, or to consent in writing to any material departure from the
terms of           any Loan Documents by the Company or any other party thereto or (ii)
action           shall be taken by the Administrative Agent or the Paying Agent upon the
direction of the Majority Lenders, and any such action shall be binding on all
Lenders; provided further, however, that unless all of the Lenders agree
in writing thereto, no amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action
with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any of the
Advances           or the Letter of Credit shall be effective which (a) increases the
Commitment or           increases the Percentage of any of the Lenders, (b) reduces any
commission, fee,           the principal or interest owing to any Lender in respect of
the Advances           hereunder or the method of calculation of any thereof, (c) extends
the           Termination Date or the date on which any sum in respect of the Advances or
any           fees or other amounts is due hereunder (other than extensions of the
Repayment           Date), (d) releases all or substantially all collateral, guaranty or
other           security, (e) amends the provisions of this Section 9.01, (f) waives any
condition set forth in Article IV, (g) changes any of the provisions of this
Section or the definition of “Majority Lenders” or any other
provision           hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to
waive, amend           or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant
any consent           hereunder; and provided, further,that no amendment,
waiver or           consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative
Agent or the           Paying Agent, respectively, in addition to the Lenders required to
take such           action, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent or
the Paying           Agent, respectively, under this Agreement; and provided, further, that
no           amendment, waiver or consent that would adversely affect the rights of, or
increase the obligations of, the Issuing Bank, or that would alter any
provision           hereof relating to or affecting the Letter of Credit, shall be
effective unless           agreed to in writing by the Issuing Bank; and provided,
further, that           this Agreement may be amended and restated without the
consent of any Lender,           the Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent or the Paying
Agent if, upon giving           effect to such amendment and restatement, such Lender,
the Issuing Bank, the           Administrative Agent or the Paying Agent, as the case may
be, shall no longer be           a party to this Agreement (as so amended and restated)
or have any Commitment or           other obligation hereunder and shall have been paid
in full all amounts payable           hereunder to such Lender, the Issuing Bank, or any
participant or any           sub-participant or holder of a beneficial interest in any of
the foregoing, or           the Administrative Agent or the Paying Agent, as the case may
be.



SECTION        9.02.
Notices. Except in the case of notices and other
communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone, all notices and other
communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or
overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as
follows:



(a)                     if
to the Company, to it at Aquila, Inc., 20 West Ninth Street, Kansas City, MO
64105, Attention of Randy Miller, Treasurer (Telecopy No. (816) 467-3591;
Telephone No. (816) 467-3518;



(b)                     if
to the Issuing Bank, to Citigroup USA, Inc., 2 Penns Way, Suite 200, New
Castle, DE 19720, Attention of Nick Perazza (Telecopy No. (212) 994-0847;
Telephone No. (302) 894-6110);



(c)                     if
to the Administrative Agent, to Citicorp USA, Inc. at 2 Penns Way, Suite 200,
New Castle, DE 19720, Attention of Nick Perazza (Telecopy No. (212) 994-0847,
Telephone No. (302) 894-6110) with all notices and other communications
under Section 2.04 to be delivered to the Administrative Agent, care of
Citigroup Global Markets Inc., 390 Greenwich Street, 4th floor, New
York, NY 10013, Attention of Patrick Boultinghouse (Telecopy No. (212)
723-8610,           Telephone No. (212) 723-6432;



(d)                     if
to the Paying Agent, to Union Bank of California, N.A., Corporate Trust
Services, 551 Madison Avenue, 11th Floor, New York, NY 10022,
Attention: Karen Slishinski (Telecopy No. (646) 452-2000, Telephone No.
(646) 452-2015); and



(e)                     if
to any Lender party to this Agreement as of the date hereof, at its Domestic
Lending Office specified opposite its name in Schedule I hereto, and if to
any other Lender, at its Domestic Lending Office specified in the Assignment
and           Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender.



Any party hereto may change its
address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the
other parties hereto. All notices and other communications given to any party hereto in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given on the
date of receipt.



SECTION        9.03.
No Waiver; Remedies.



No
failure or delay by any Lender, the Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent or the Paying
Agent in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or
power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power,
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or
power. The rights and remedies hereunder and under any other Loan Document are cumulative
and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by Law. No waiver of any
provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by the Company therefrom shall in
any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by Section 9.01, and then
such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the
purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the issuance of
a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of
whether the Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time.



SECTION        9.04.
Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver.



(a)                     The
Company shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of pocket expenses incurred by the
Administrative Agent, the Paying Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and its
Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of
external           counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Paying Agent, the Lenders,
and the           Issuing Bank, in connection with the preparation and administration of
this           Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Letter of Credit or any
amendments,           modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof
(whether or not the           transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be
consummated), (ii) all           reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the
Issuing Bank in connection           with the issuance of the Letter of Credit or any
demand for payment thereunder           and (iii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
the Administrative Agent, the           Paying Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders,
including the fees, charges and           disbursements of counsel, in connection with
the enforcement or protection of           rights in connection with this Agreement, the
other Loan Documents and the           Letter of Credit, including rights under this
Section 9.04, or in connection           with Letter of Credit issued hereunder or any
Advance made hereunder, including           in connection with any workout, restructuring
or negotiations in respect           thereof.



(b)                     If
any payment of principal of, or Conversion of, any Eurodollar Rate Advance is
made other than on the last day of the Interest Period for such Advance, as a
result of a payment or Conversion pursuant to Section 2.10 or 2.13 or a
prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11 or acceleration of the maturity of any
amounts owing hereunder pursuant to Article VII or upon an assignment made upon
demand of the Company pursuant to Section 9.05(h) or for any other reason, the
Company shall, upon demand by any Lender (with a copy of such demand to the
Administrative Agent and the Paying Agent), pay to the Paying Agent, whereupon
the Paying Agent shall promptly transfer to the Administrative Agent for the
account of each Lender any amounts required to compensate such Lender for any
additional losses, costs or expenses which such Lender may reasonably incur as
a           result of a payment, Conversion or prepayment, including any loss, cost or
expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or redeployment of deposits or
other funds acquired by any Lender to fund or maintain such Advance. The
Company’s obligations under this subsection (b) shall survive
the           repayment of all other amounts owing to the Lenders, the Paying Agent and
the           Administrative Agent under this Agreement and any other Loan Document and
the           termination of the Commitments.



(c)                     The
Company hereby agrees to indemnify and hold each Lender, the Issuing Bank,           the
Administrative Agent, the Paying Agent and their respective Affiliates and
their respective officers, directors, employees and agents (each, an
“Indemnified Person”) harmless from and against
any and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs or expenses (including
reasonable attorney’s fees and expenses, whether or not such Indemnified
Person is named as a party to any proceeding or is otherwise subjected to
judicial or legal process arising from any such proceeding) that any of them
may           incur or that may be claimed against any of them by any Person by reason of
or           in connection with or arising out of any investigation, litigation or
proceeding           related to the Commitments or the commitments of any Lender or the
Issuing Bank           hereunder or the transactions contemplated hereunder, any use or
proposed use by           the Company of the proceeds of any Extension of Credit or the
existence or use           of the Letter of Credit or the amounts drawn thereunder or the
transactions           contemplated hereby or any representation and warranty by the
Company under this           Agreement or any other Loan Document, except to the extent
such claim, damage,           liability, cost or expense is found in a final,
non-appealable judgment by a           court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted
from such Indemnified           Person’s gross negligence or willful misconduct. The
Company’s           obligations under this Section 9.04(c) shall survive
the repayment of           all amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Bank, the
Administrative Agent and           the Paying Agent under this Agreement and any Note and
the termination of the           Commitments, the commitment of the Issuing Bank
hereunder and the Letter of           Credit. If and to the extent that the obligations
of the Company under this           Section 9.04(c) are unenforceable for any
reason, the Company agrees           to make the maximum payment in satisfaction of such
obligations that are not           unenforceable that is permissible under Applicable Law
or, if less, such amount           that may be ordered by a court of competent
jurisdiction.



(d)                     The
Company acknowledges and agrees that Citibank, N.A., CUSA and their           respective
Affiliates (each, an “Indemnified           Party”) may
enter into certain transactions in order to           mitigate credit risk arising out of
the financing contemplated by this           Agreement. The Company agrees to indemnify
each Indemnified Party against           losses, costs or expenses that such Indemnified
Party may sustain or incur as a           consequence of (i) any reduction or termination
of the Commitments prior to the           Termination Date, or (ii) the occurrence of any
successor event(as defined below), including any such losses, costs or expenses sustained or incurred as
a consequence of any event described in clause (i) or (ii) above in connection with (A)
the termination or adjustment of, or (B) designation of a “Successor” (as
defined in the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions) to the Company under, or (C) any
other modification to, any such transaction entered into by an Indemnified Party in order
to mitigate credit risk arising out of the financing contemplated by this Agreement. For
purposes of this Section 9.04(d), “successor event” shall
mean any event, such as a merger, consolidation, amalgamation, transfer of assets or
liabilities, demerger, spin-off or other similar event, whereby another entity shall
succeed to the obligations of the Company, whether by operation of law or pursuant to any
agreement; notwithstanding the foregoing, “successor event”
shall not include an event in which the holders of the obligations of the Company exchange
such obligations for the obligations of another entity, unless such exchange occurs in
connection with a merger, consolidation, amalgamation, transfer of assets or liabilities,
demerger, spin-off or other similar event.



(e)                     To
the extent permitted by law, the Company also agrees not to assert any claim
against any Indemnified Person on any theory of liability, for special,
indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to actual or direct
damages) in connection with, arising out of, or otherwise relating to this
Agreement, any of the transactions contemplated herein or the actual or
proposed           use of the proceeds of any Extension of Credit.



(f)                     All
amounts due under this Section 9.04 shall be payable by the Company promptly
after written demand therefor by the Administrative Agent, the Paying Agent,
the           Lenders, the Issuing Bank or its Affiliates, as applicable.



SECTION        9.05.
Assignments and Participations.



(a)                     Each
Lender may assign to one or more banks or other entities all or a portion           of
its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
(including all or a portion of its Commitment, the Advances owing to it and any
Note held by it); provided, however, that (i) each such assignment
shall be of a constant, and not a varying, percentage of all the assigning
Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, (ii) the amount
of the Commitment of the assigning Lender being assigned pursuant to each such
assignment (determined as of the date of the Assignment and Acceptance with
respect to such assignment) shall in no event be less than $5,000,000 (or if
less, the entire amount of such Lender’s Commitment) and shall be an
integral multiple of $1,000,000, (iii) each such assignment shall be to an
Eligible Assignee, and (iv) the parties to each such assignment shall
execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent, for its acceptance and
recording in the Register, an Assignment and Acceptance, together with any Note
subject to such assignment and a processing and recordation fee of $3,500,
payable by the assigning Lender or the assignee. Upon such execution, delivery,
acceptance and recording, from and after the effective date specified in each
Assignment and Acceptance, (x) the assignee thereunder shall be a party
hereto and, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been
assigned to it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and
obligations of a Lender hereunder and (y) the Lender assignor thereunder
shall, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned
by           it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish (other than its
rights           under Sections 2.12 and 9.04 (other than in respect of a reduction of
the           Commitments)) its rights and be released from its continuing obligations
under           this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering
all or           the remaining portion of an assigning Lender’s rights and
obligations under           this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party
hereto).



(b)                     By
executing and delivering an Assignment and Acceptance or accepting an
assignment, the Lender assignor thereunder and the assignee thereunder confirm
to and agree with each other and the other parties hereto as follows:
(i) other than as provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, such
assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no
responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations
made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other instrument or
document           furnished pursuant hereto or the execution, legality, validity,
enforceability,           genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement or any
other instrument or           document furnished pursuant hereto; (ii) such
assigning Lender makes no           representation or warranty and assumes no
responsibility with respect to the           financial condition of the Company or the
performance or observance by the           Company of any of its obligations under this
Agreement or any other instrument           or document furnished pursuant hereto; (iii) such
assignee confirms that it           has received or has had an opportunity to request a
copy of such documents and           information as it has deemed appropriate to make its
own decision to enter into           such Assignment and Acceptance or to accept such
assignment; (iv) such           assignee will, independently and without reliance
upon the Administrative Agent,           the Paying Agent, the Issuing Bank, such
assigning Lender or any other Lender           and based on such documents and
information as it shall deem appropriate at the           time, continue to make its own
credit decisions in taking or not taking action           under this Agreement; (v) such
assignee confirms that it is an Eligible           Assignee; (vi) such assignee
appoints and authorizes the Administrative           Agent and the Paying Agent to take
such action as agent on its behalf and to           exercise such powers under this
Agreement as are delegated to the Administrative           Agent and the Paying Agent, as
the case may be, by the terms hereof, together           with such powers as are
reasonably incidental thereto; and (vii) such           assignee agrees that it will
perform in accordance with their terms all of the           obligations which by the
terms of this Agreement are required to be performed by           it as a Lender.



(c)                     The
Administrative Agent shall maintain at its address referred to in           Section 9.02
a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and           accepted by it and a
register for the recordation of the names and addresses of           the Lenders and the
Commitment of, and principal amount of the Advances owing           to, each Lender from
time to time (the “Register”). The entries in the Register
shall be           conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and
the Company,           the Administrative Agent, the Paying Agent, the Issuing Bank and
the Lenders may           treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as a
Lender hereunder           for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be
available for           inspection by the Company, the Issuing Bank, the Paying Agent or
any Lender at           any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior
notice.



(d)                     Upon
its receipt of an Assignment and Acceptance executed by an assigning Lender
and, if applicable, an assignee representing that it is an Eligible Assignee,
and if applicable, the Company, together with any Note subject to such
assignment, the Administrative Agent shall, if such Assignment and Acceptance
has been completed and is in substantially the form of Exhibit D hereto,
(i) accept such Assignment and Acceptance, (ii) record the
information           contained therein in the Register and (iii) give prompt notice
thereof to           the Company and the Company shall deliver any Note requested
pursuant to Section           2.17 in favor of such assignee or assignor (as the case may
be), after giving           effect to such assignment.



(e)                     Each
Lender may sell participations to one or more banks or other Persons in or           to
all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents (including all or a portion of its Commitment, the
Advances           owing to it and any Note held by it); provided, however, that
(i) except as otherwise agreed by the parties hereto, such Lender’s
obligations under this Agreement (including its Commitment to the Company
hereunder and its obligations to the Issuing Bank hereunder) shall remain
unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other
parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (iii) such Lender
shall remain the holder of any such Note for all purposes of this Agreement,
(iv) such Lender may not subject its ability to consent to any
modification           of this Agreement or any Note to the prior consent of the bank or
other Person           to which such participation was sold, except, if the Company has
consented to           the granting of such right to such participant, such consent not
to be           unreasonably withheld or delayed, in the case of proposed waivers or
modifications with respect to interest, principal and fees payable hereunder
and           under any Note, and (v) the Company, the Administrative Agent, the
Paying           Agent, the Issuing Bank and the other Lenders shall continue to deal
solely and           directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s
rights and           obligations under this Agreement.



(f)                     Any
Lender, participant or sub-participant may, in connection with any           assignment
or participation or proposed assignment or participation pursuant to           this
Section 9.05, disclose to the assignee or participant or proposed           assignee
or participant (or holders of beneficial interests therein), any           information
relating to the Company furnished to such Lender, participant or
sub-participant by or on behalf of the Company; provided, that prior to
any such disclosure, the assignee or participant or proposed assignee or
participant (or holders of beneficial interests therein) shall agree to
preserve           the confidentiality of any confidential information relating to the
Company           received by it from such Lender, participant or sub-participant.



(g)                     Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth herein, any Lender may           assign, as collateral
or otherwise, any of its rights hereunder and under any           Note (including its
rights to receive payments of principal and interest           hereunder and under any
Note) to (i) any Federal Reserve Bank or           (ii) any Affiliate of such
Lender, in either case, without notice to or           consent of the Company, the
Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent or the Paying           Agent; provided,
that no such assignment (other than to an Eligible           Assignee under subsection (a) above)
shall release the assigning           Lender from its obligations hereunder.



(h)                     If
any Lender shall make demand for payment under Section 2.12 or 2.13, or
shall deliver any notice to the Administrative Agent pursuant to
Section 2.13 resulting in the suspension of certain obligations of the
Lenders with respect to Eurodollar Rate Advances, then, within 30 days of such
demand (if, and only if, such payment demanded under Section 2.12(a)
or 2.13, as the case may be, shall have been made by the Company) or such
notice (if such suspension is still in effect), as the case may be, the Company
may demand that such Lender assign in accordance with this Section 9.05 to
one or more Eligible Assignees designated by the Company all (but not less than
all) of such Lender’s Commitment and the Advances owing to it within the
next 15 days. If any such Eligible Assignee designated by the Company shall
fail           to consummate such assignment on terms acceptable to such Lender, or if
the           Company shall fail to designate any such Eligible Assignee for all of such
Lender’s Commitment or Advances, then such Lender may assign such
Commitment and Advances to any other Eligible Assignee in accordance with this
Section 9.05 during such 15-day period; it being understood for purposes
of           this Section 9.05(h) that such assignment shall be conclusively
deemed           to be on terms acceptable to such Lender, and such Lender shall be
compelled to           consummate such assignment to an Eligible Assignee designated by
the Company, if           such Eligible Assignee shall agree to such assignment in
substantially the form           of Exhibit D hereto and shall offer compensation to
such Lender in an           amount equal to the sum of the principal amount of all
Advances outstanding to           such Lender plus all interest accrued thereon to the
date of such payment plus           all other amounts payable by the Company to such
Lender hereunder (whether or           not then due) as of the date of such payment
accrued in favor of such Lender           hereunder.



SECTION        9.06.
Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations
and warranties made by the Company herein and in the certificates or other instruments
delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered to have
been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery
of this Agreement and the issuance of the Letter of Credit, regardless of any
investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the
Administrative Agent, the Paying Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had
notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time
any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as
the principal of or any accrued interest on any unreimbursed Drawing or any fee or any
other amount payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document is outstanding and
unpaid or the Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not
expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.05, 2.06 and 9.04 shall survive and
remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, the repayment of unreimbursed Drawing, the expiration or termination
of the Letter of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any
provision hereof.



SECTION        9.07.
Counterparts; Integration, Effectiveness. This
Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different
counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken
together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents
constitutes the entire contract between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof
and supersedes any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written,
relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall become effective when it
shall have been executed by the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Paying Agent
and when the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by each Lender and the Issuing
Bank that such Lender or the Issuing Bank (as the case may be) has executed it, and
thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns, except that the Company shall not have the right to
assign its rights or obligations hereunder or any interest herein without the prior
written consent of the Lenders and the Issuing Bank.



SECTION        9.08.
Severability. Any provision of this Agreement held to
be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without
affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof;
and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not
invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction.



SECTION               9.09.
Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing, each Lender and the Issuing Bank is hereby authorized at any
time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply
any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any
time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by such Lender or the Issuing Bank (as
the case may be) to or for the credit or the account of the Company against any of and
all the obligations of the Company now or hereafter existing under this Agreement and any
Note held by such Lender or the Issuing Bank (as the case may be), irrespective of
whether or not such Lender or the Issuing Bank (as the case may be) shall have made any
demand under this Agreement or such Note and although such obligations may be unmatured.
Each Lender and the Issuing Bank agrees promptly to notify the Company after any such
set-off and application made by such Lender or the Issuing Bank (as the case may be), providedthat
the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and
application. The rights of each Lender and the Issuing Bank under this Section 9.09 are
in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which the
Issuing Bank (as the case may be) may have.



SECTION        9.10.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc.



(a)           THIS
AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE
STATE OF NEW YORK.



(b)                     The
Company hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits for itself and its
property in any legal action or proceeding relating to the Loan Documents to
which it is a party, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in
respect thereof, to the non-exclusive general jurisdiction of the courts of the
State of New York, the courts of the United States for the Southern District of
New York, and appellate courts from any thereof. The Company hereby consents
that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts and waives any
objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or
proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in
an           inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same. The Company
irrevocably (i) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding
may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or
any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to the Company at its
address set forth in Section 9.01 and (ii) agrees that nothing herein shall
affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by
law or shall limit the right to sue in any other jurisdiction.



SECTION        9.11.
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY
WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE LETTER OF CREDIT DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY
(WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES
THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY
OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO
ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO
HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS
AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.



SECTION        9.12.
Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table
of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this
Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in
interpreting, this Agreement.



SECTION        9.13.
Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality.



(a)                     The
Company acknowledges that from time to time financial advisory, investment
banking and other services may be offered or provided to the Company or one or
more of its Subsidiaries (in connection with this Agreement or otherwise) by
the           Issuing Bank or by one or more Subsidiaries or Affiliates of the Issuing
Bank           and the Company hereby authorizes the bank to share any information
delivered to           the Issuing Bank by the Company and its Subsidiaries pursuant to
this Agreement,           or in connection with the decision of the Issuing Bank to enter
into this           Agreement, to any such Subsidiary or Affiliate, it being understood
that any           such Subsidiary or Affiliate receiving such information shall be bound
by the           provisions of Section 9.13(b) as if it were the Issuing Bank hereunder.
Such           authorization shall survive the repayment of the Advances, the expiration
or           termination of the Letter of Credit and the Commitments or the termination
of           this Agreement or any provision hereof.



(b)                     Each
of the Administrative Agent, the Paying Agent, the Issuing Bank and each           Lender
agrees to keep confidential all nonpublic information provided to it by           the
Company pursuant to this Agreement; provided that nothing herein           shall
prevent the Administrative Agent, the Paying Agent, the Issuing Bank or           such
Lender from disclosing any such information (i) to any Affiliate of such
Person, (ii) to any transferee or prospective transferee that agrees to comply
with the provisions of this Section 9.13, (iii) to its employees,
directors, agents, attorneys, accountants and other professional advisors or
those of any of its Affiliates, (iv) upon the request or demand of any
governmental authority, (v) in response to any order of any court or other
governmental authority or as may otherwise be required by a Governmental
Authority, (vi) if requested or required to do so in connection with any
litigation or similar proceeding, (vii) that has been publicly disclosed,
(viii)           to the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any similar
organization or any nationally recognized rating agency that requires access to
information about the Issuing Bank’s investment portfolio in connection
with ratings issued with respect to the Issuing Bank, or (ix) in connection
with           the exercise of any remedy under any Loan Document or the Letter of
Credit.



[Remainder
of page intentionally left blank.]









IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by
their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.



AQUILA, INC.




By:	 	/s/ Randy Miller
Name:   Randy Miller
Title:  Vice President, Finance and Treasurer







CITICORP USA, INC.
as Lender and Issuing Bank




By:	 	/s/ J. Nicholas McKee
Name:   J. Nicholas McKee
Title:  Managing Director







CITICORP USA, INC.
as Administrative Agent




By:	 	/s/ J. Nicholas McKee
Name:   J. Nicholas McKee
Title:  Managing Director








UNION BANK OF CALIFORNIA, N.A.,
as Paying Agent




By:	 	/s/ Valerie Dunbar
Name:   Valerie Dunbar
Title:  Vice President








