






Credit Agreement



Exhibit 10.1
CREDIT AGREEMENT
THIS CREDIT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is entered into as of August 19,
2009, by and between KEY TRONIC CORPORATION, a Washington corporation (“Borrower”), and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (“Bank”).
RECITALS
Borrower has requested that Bank extend or continue credit to Borrower as described below,
and Bank has agreed to provide such credit to Borrower on the terms and conditions contained herein.
NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Bank and Borrower hereby agree as follows:
ARTICLE I

CREDIT TERMS
1.1 LINE
OF CREDIT. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank hereby agrees to make advances to Borrower from time to time up to and including August 18, 2011, not to exceed at any time the aggregate principal amount of Twenty Million
and 00/100 Dollars ($20,000,000.00) (“Line of Credit”), the proceeds of which shall be used by Borrower to refinance certain indebtedness of Borrower, pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby
and provide for working capital and general corporate purpose needs of the Borrower and subsidiaries. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Borrower shall pay to Bank a fully earned non-refundable commitment fee for the Line of Credit
in the amount of Fifty Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($50,000.00), plus one quarter of one percent (.25%) per annum on the total amount of the Line of Credit, regardless of usage, payable upon each anniversary date thereof. Borrower’s obligation
to repay advances under the Line of Credit shall be evidenced by a promissory note dated as of the date hereof (“Line of Credit Note”), all terms of which are incorporated herein by this reference. All advances under the Line of Credit
shall bear interest at the rates provided for in the Line of Credit Note.
1.2 LETTER OF CREDIT SUBFEATURE. As a subfeature under the Line
of Credit, Bank agrees from time to time during the term thereof to issue or cause an affiliate to issue standby letters of credit and commercial letters of credit for the account of Borrower (each, a “Letter of Credit” and collectively,
“Letters of Credit”); provided however, that the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit shall not at any time exceed One Million and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00). The form and substance of each Letter of Credit
shall be subject to approval by Bank, in its sole discretion. A Commercial Letter of Credit shall be issued for a term not to exceed three hundred sixty (360) days, as designated by Borrower; provided however, that no Letter of Credit shall
have an expiration date later than the maturity date of the Line of Credit. The undrawn amount of all Letters of Credit shall be reserved under the Line of Credit and shall not be available for borrowings thereunder. Each Letter of Credit shall be
subject to the additional terms and conditions of the Letter of Credit agreements, applications and any related documents required by Bank in connection with the issuance thereof. Each drawing paid under a Letter of Credit shall be deemed an advance
under the Line of Credit and shall be repaid by Borrower in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement applicable to such advances; provided however, that if advances under the Line of Credit are not available, for any reason, at the
time any drawing is paid, then Borrower shall immediately pay to Bank the full amount









drawn, together with interest thereon from the date such drawing is paid to the date such amount is fully repaid by Borrower, at the rate of interest
applicable to advances under the Line of Credit. In such event Borrower agrees that Bank, in its sole discretion, may debit any account maintained by Borrower with Bank for the amount of any such drawing. Borrower shall pay to Bank a fee upon
the issuance of each Letter of Credit equal to two and one tenth percent (2.10%) of the face amount thereof (the “Letter of Credit Issuance Fee”); provided, however, notwithstanding the forgoing, if Borrower’s EDITDA (as defined
herein) is less than $3,750,000.00, measured quarterly on a trailing four (4) quarter basis, then the Letter of Credit Issuance Fee shall be increased to two and one half percent (2.50%) of the face amount of the Letter of Credit. In
addition to the Letter of Credit Issuance Fee, Borrower shall pay Bank (i) fees upon the payment or negotiation of each drawing under any Letter of Credit, and (ii) fees upon the occurrence of any other activity with respect to any Letter
of Credit (including without limitation, the transfer, amendment or cancellation of any Letter of Credit) determined in accordance with Bank’s standard fees and charges then in effect for such activity.
1.3 BORROWING AND REPAYMENT. Borrower may from time to time during the term of the Line of Credit borrow, partially or wholly repay its outstanding
borrowings, and reborrow, subject to all of the limitations, terms and conditions contained herein or in the Line of Credit Note; provided however, that the total outstanding borrowings under the Line of Credit shall not at any time exceed the
maximum principal amount available thereunder, as set forth above.
1.4 COLLECTION OF PAYMENTS. Borrower authorizes Bank to collect
principal, interest and fees due under the Line of Credit Note or this Credit Agreement by charging Borrower’s deposit account number 4020010104 with Bank, or any other deposit account maintained by Borrower with Bank, for the full amount
thereof. Should there be insufficient funds in any such deposit account to pay all such sums when due, the full amount of such deficiency shall be immediately due and payable by Borrower.
1.5 COLLATERAL. As security for all indebtedness and other obligations of Borrower to Bank, including, without limitations, its obligations under the
Line of Credit, Line of Credit Note, this Agreement and the Loan Documents (as defined herein), Borrower hereby grants to Bank security interests of first priority in (a) all Borrower’s inventory, accounts, equipment, general intangibles,
payment intangibles, and any and all cash and non-cash proceeds or products of the forgoing, including, without limitation, proceeds in deposit accounts or proceeds represented by insurance claims or policies related to pledged collateral; and
(b) a pledge of sixty five percent (65%) of the stock of its foreign subsidiaries listed on Schedule 1.5 attached hereto. All of the foregoing shall be evidenced by and subject to the terms of such security agreements, financing
statements, and other documents as Bank shall reasonably require, all in form and substance satisfactory to Bank. Borrower shall pay to Bank immediately upon demand the full amount of all charges, costs and expenses (to include fees paid to third
parties, including Bank’s reasonable attorney’s fees, and all allocated costs of Bank personnel, including Bank’s in-house counsel), expended or incurred by Bank in connection with any of the foregoing security, including without
limitation, filing and recording fees and costs of appraisals, audits and title insurance.
1.6 GUARANTIES. The payment and performance of
all indebtedness and other obligations of Borrower to Bank, including, without limitation, Borrower’s obligations under the Line of Credit Note, this Agreement and the Loan Documents (as defined herein) shall be guaranteed jointly and severally
by any and all existing active domestic subsidiaries of Borrower and any subsidiary of Borrower hereafter formed, which guaranties shall be evidenced by and subject to the terms of guaranties in form and substance satisfactory to Bank.







ARTICLE II
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
Borrower makes the following representations and warranties to Bank,
which representations and warranties shall survive the execution of this Agreement and shall continue in full force and effect until the full and final payment, and satisfaction and discharge, of all obligations of Borrower to Bank subject to this
Agreement.
2.1. LEGAL STATUS. Borrower is a corporation, duly organized and existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of
Washington, and is qualified or licensed to do business (and is in good standing as a foreign corporation, if applicable) in all jurisdictions in which such qualification or licensing is required or in which the failure to so qualify or to be so
licensed could have a material adverse effect on Borrower.
2.2. AUTHORIZATION AND VALIDITY. This Agreement and each promissory note,
contract, instrument and other document required hereby or at any time hereafter delivered to Bank in connection herewith (collectively, the “Loan Documents”) have been duly authorized, and upon their execution and delivery in accordance
with the provisions hereof will constitute legal, valid and binding agreements and obligations of Borrower or the party which executes the same, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms.
2.3. NO VIOLATION. The execution, delivery and performance by Borrower of each of the Loan Documents do not violate any provision of any law or
regulation, or contravene any provision of the Articles of Incorporation, By-Laws, or any resolution of the Board of Directors of Borrower, or result in any breach of or default under any contract, obligation, indenture or other instrument to which
Borrower is a party or by which Borrower or its assets may be bound.
2.4. LITIGATION. There are no pending, or to the best of
Borrower’s knowledge threatened, actions, claims, investigations, suits or proceedings by or before any governmental authority, arbitrator, court or administrative agency which could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or
operation of Borrower other than those disclosed by Borrower to Bank in writing prior to the date hereof.
2.5. CORRECTNESS OF FINANCIAL
STATEMENT. The annual financial statement of Borrower dated June 28, 2008, and all interim financial statements delivered to Bank since said date, true copies of which have been delivered by Borrower to Bank prior to the date hereof,
(a) are complete and correct and present fairly the financial condition of Borrower, (b) disclose all liabilities of Borrower that are required to be reflected or reserved against under generally accepted accounting principles, whether
liquidated or unliquidated, fixed or contingent, and (c) have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied. Since the dates of such financial statements there has been no material adverse change
in the financial condition of Borrower, nor has Borrower mortgaged, pledged, granted a security interest in or otherwise encumbered any of its assets or properties except in favor of Bank or as otherwise permitted by Bank in writing.
2.6. INCOME TAX RETURNS. Borrower has no knowledge of any pending assessments or adjustments of its income tax payable with respect to any year.

2.7. NO SUBORDINATION. There is no agreement, indenture, contract or instrument to which Borrower is a party or by which Borrower may be
bound that requires the subordination in right of payment of any of Borrower’s obligations subject to this Agreement to any other obligation of Borrower.







2.8. PERMITS, FRANCHISES. Borrower possesses, and will hereafter possess, all permits, consents,
approvals, franchises and licenses required and rights to all trademarks, trade names, patents, and fictitious names, if any, necessary to enable it to conduct the business in which it is now engaged in compliance with applicable law.
2.9. ERISA. Borrower is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended or recodified from time to time (“ERISA”); Borrower has not violated any provision of any defined employee pension benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) maintained or contributed to by Borrower (each, a “Plan”); no
Reportable Event as defined in ERISA has occurred and is continuing with respect to any Plan initiated by Borrower; Borrower has met its minimum funding requirements under ERISA with respect to each Plan; and each Plan will be able to fulfill its
benefit obligations as they come due in accordance with the Plan documents and under generally accepted accounting principles.
2.10. OTHER
OBLIGATIONS. Borrower is not in default on any obligation for borrowed money, any purchase money obligation or any other material lease, commitment, contract, instrument or obligation.
2.11. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS. Except as disclosed by Borrower to Bank in writing prior to the date hereof, Borrower is in compliance in all material
respects with all applicable federal or state environmental, hazardous waste, health and safety statutes, and any rules or regulations adopted pursuant thereto, which govern or affect any of Borrower’s operations and/or properties, including
without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, the Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, and the Federal Toxic
Substances Control Act, as any of the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. None of the operations of Borrower is the subject of any federal or state investigation evaluating whether any remedial action involving a
material expenditure is needed to respond to a release of any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the environment. Borrower has no material contingent liability in connection with any release of any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into
the environment.
ARTICLE III
CONDITIONS
3.1. CONDITIONS OF INITIAL EXTENSION OF CREDIT. The obligation of Bank to extend any credit contemplated by
this Agreement is subject to the fulfillment to Bank’s satisfaction of all of the following conditions:
(a) Approval of Bank
Counsel. All legal matters incidental to the extension of credit by Bank shall be satisfactory to Bank’s counsel.
(b)
Documentation. Bank shall have received, in form and substance satisfactory to Bank, each of the following, duly executed:
(i) This Agreement, the Revolving Line of Credit Note, the Security Agreement (Rights to Payment and Inventory), Security Agreement (Equipment), and Pledge Agreement, and each and every other instrument or document required thereby.

(ii) A Borrowing Resolution, authorizing Borrower’s entering into the Line of Credit and executing the Loan Documents.








(iii) The guaranties of each of Borrower’s active domestic subsidiaries.

(iv) A Resolution Authorizing Guaranty from each of Borrower’s active domestic subsidiaries.
(v) Such other documents as Bank may require under any other Section of this Agreement.
(c) Financial Condition. There shall have been no material adverse change, as determined by Bank, in the financial condition or business of
Borrower or any guarantor hereunder, nor any material decline, as determined by Bank, in the market value of any collateral required hereunder or a substantial or material portion of the assets of Borrower or any such guarantor.
(d) Insurance. Borrower shall have delivered to Bank evidence of insurance coverage on all Borrower’s property, in form, substance, amounts,
covering risks and issued by companies satisfactory to Bank, and where required by Bank, with loss payable endorsements in favor of Bank, including without limitation, policies of fire and extended coverage insurance covering all real property
collateral required hereby, with replacement cost and mortgagee loss payable endorsements, and such policies of insurance against specific hazards affecting any such real property as may be required by governmental regulation or Bank.
(e) Lien Search. Bank shall have received such lien searches as it may require to confirm that its lien on the collateral is in a first priority
position, subject only to such exceptions as are acceptable to bank, in its sole discretion.
3.2. CONDITIONS OF EACH EXTENSION OF CREDIT.
The obligation of Bank to make each extension of credit requested by Borrower hereunder shall be subject to the fulfillment to Bank’s satisfaction of each of the following conditions:
(a) Compliance. The representations and warranties contained herein and in each of the other Loan Documents shall be true on and as of the date of
the signing of this Agreement and on the date of each extension of credit by Bank pursuant hereto, with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of each such date, and on each such date, no Event of
Default as defined herein, and no condition, event or act which with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both would constitute such an Event of Default, shall have occurred and be continuing or shall exist.
(b) Documentation. Bank shall have received all additional documents which may be required in connection with such extension of credit.

ARTICLE IV
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS
Borrower covenants that so long as Bank remains committed to extend credit to Borrower pursuant
hereto, or any liabilities (whether direct or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated) of Borrower to Bank under any of the Loan Documents remain outstanding, and until payment in full of all obligations of Borrower subject hereto, Borrower shall,
unless Bank otherwise consents in writing:
4.1. PUNCTUAL PAYMENTS. Punctually pay all principal, interest, fees or other liabilities due
under any of the Loan Documents at the times and place and in the manner specified therein, and immediately upon demand by Bank, the amount by which the outstanding principal balance of any credit subject hereto at any time exceeds any limitation on
borrowings applicable thereto.







4.2. ACCOUNTING RECORDS. Maintain adequate books and records in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles consistently applied, and permit any representative of Bank, at any reasonable time, to inspect, audit and examine such books and records, to make copies of the same, and to inspect the properties of Borrower.
4.3. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Provide to Bank all of the following, in form and detail satisfactory to Bank, which statements shall be in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied (and consistent with prior practices):
(a) not later than 120 days after and
as of the end of each fiscal year, an audited consolidated financial statement of Borrower (including balance sheet and statements of income, retained earnings and cash flow), together with all notes to management, prepared by and including the
unqualified opinion of a recognized independent accounting firm acceptable to Bank;
(b) not later than 45 days after and as of the end of
each fiscal quarter, a financial statement of Borrower, prepared by Borrower, to include a balance sheet, statements of income, retained earnings and cash flow;
(c) not later than 45 days after and as of the end of each calendar quarter, an aged listing of accounts receivable and accounts payable that reconciles to the financial statement, and immediately upon each request
from Bank, a list of the names and addresses of all Borrower’s account debtors;
(d) not later than August 15
th of each year, consolidated projected financial statements for the coming fiscal
year, to include a balance sheet, statements of income and cash flows;
(e) contemporaneously with each annual and quarterly financial
statement of Borrower required hereby, a certificate of a senior financial officer of Borrower that said financial statements are accurate and that there exists no Event of Default nor any condition, act or event which with the giving of notice or
the passage of time or both would constitute an Event of Default, including the calculations confirming Borrower’s compliance with all financial covenants required herein;
(f) from time to time such other information as Bank may reasonably request.
4.4. COMPLIANCE. Preserve and maintain all licenses, permits, governmental approvals, rights, privileges and franchises necessary for the conduct of its
business; and comply with the provisions of all documents pursuant to which Borrower is organized and/or which govern Borrower’s continued existence and with the requirements of all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any governmental
authority applicable to Borrower and/or its business.
4.5. INSURANCE. Maintain and keep in force, for each business in which Borrower is
engaged, insurance of the types and in amounts customarily carried in similar lines of business, including but not limited to fire, extended coverage, public liability, flood, property damage and workers’ compensation, with all such insurance
carried with companies and in amounts satisfactory to Bank, and deliver to Bank from time to time at Bank’s request schedules setting forth all insurance then in effect.
4.6. FACILITIES. Keep all properties useful or necessary to Borrower’s business in good repair and condition, and from time to time make necessary
repairs, renewals and replacements thereto so that such properties shall be fully and efficiently preserved and maintained.







4.7. TAXES AND OTHER LIABILITIES. Pay and discharge when due any and all indebtedness, obligations,
assessments and taxes, both real or personal, including without limitation federal and state income taxes and state and local property taxes and assessments, except (a) such as Borrower may in good faith contest or as to which a bona fide
dispute may arise, and (b) for which Borrower has made provision in the financial statements, to Bank’s satisfaction, for eventual payment thereof in the event Borrower is obligated to make such payment.
4.8. LITIGATION. Promptly give notice in writing to Bank of any litigation pending or threatened against Borrower with a claim in excess of
$1,000,000.00.
4.9. FINANCIAL CONDITION. Maintain Borrower’s financial condition as follows using generally accepted accounting
principles consistently applied and used consistently with prior practices (except to the extent modified by the definitions herein), with compliance determined commencing with Borrower’s financial statements for the period ending
September 26, 2009:
(a) Cash Flow Leverage Ratio. Borrower will not allow the ratio of Funded Debt to EBITDA, measured
quarterly on a trailing four (4) quarter basis, to exceed 3.50 to 1.00, for quarters ending on or prior to April 3, 2010, or 3.00 to 1.00, for quarters ending on or after July 3, 2010. As used herein, (i) “EBITDA” is
defined as net profit before tax plus interest expense (net of capitalized interest expense), depreciation expense and amortization expense; and (ii) “Funded Debt” is defined as the sum of all obligations for borrowed money (including
subordinated debt) plus all capital lease obligations.
(b) Trading Ratio. At all time, Borrower shall maintain a Trading Ratio of
not less than 1.50 to 1.00. “Trading Ratio” is defined as the sum of all domestic and foreign Accounts Receivable and Inventory divided by the sum of financial statement total of Accounts Payable plus the outstanding balance of the Line of
Credit Note (inclusive of outstanding letters of credit). As used herein, Accounts Receivable and Inventory shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms by Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in the State of Washington.

(c) Minimum Profit. Borrower’s minimum net profit, after payment of all applicable taxes, will not be less than $500,000.00, measured
quarterly on a trailing four (4) quarter basis, expensed loan closing costs are excluded from this calculation.
4.10. NOTICE TO BANK.
Promptly (but in no event more than five (5) days after the occurrence of each such event or matter) give written notice to Bank in reasonable detail of: (a) the occurrence of any Event of Default, or any condition, event or act which with
the giving of notice or the passage of time or both would constitute an Event of Default; (b) any change in the name or legal structure of Borrower; (c) the occurrence and nature of any Reportable Event or Prohibited Transaction, each as
defined in ERISA, or any funding deficiency with respect to any Plan; or (d) any termination or cancellation of any insurance policy which Borrower is required to maintain, or any uninsured or partially uninsured loss through liability or
property damage, or through fire, theft or any other cause affecting Borrower’s property in excess of an aggregate of $1,000,000.00.
ARTICLE V
NEGATIVE COVENANTS
Borrower further covenants that so long as Bank remains committed to extend credit to Borrower pursuant hereto, or any liabilities (whether direct or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated) of Borrower to Bank under
any of the Loan Documents remain outstanding, and until payment in full of all obligations of Borrower subject hereto, Borrower will not without Bank’s prior written consent:
5.1. USE OF FUNDS. Use any of the proceeds of any credit extended hereunder except for the purposes stated in Article I hereof.







5.2. LEASE EXPENDITURES. Incur operating lease expense in any fiscal year in excess of an aggregate of
$5,500,000.00.
5.3. OTHER INDEBTEDNESS. Create, incur, assume or permit to exist any interest bearing indebtedness or liabilities
resulting from borrowings, loans or advances, whether secured or unsecured, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, joint or several, except (a) the liabilities of Borrower to Bank, and (b) any other liabilities of Borrower
existing as of, and disclosed to Bank prior to, the date hereof, in an aggregate amount greater than $1,000,000.00.
5.4. MERGER,
CONSOLIDATION, TRANSFER OF ASSETS. Merge into or consolidate with any other entity; make any substantial change in the nature of Borrower’s business as conducted as of the date hereof; acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any other
entity; nor sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial or material portion of Borrower’s assets except in the ordinary course of its business.
5.5. GUARANTIES. Except for its Foreign Subsidiaries, guarantee or become liable in any way as surety, endorser (other than as endorser of negotiable
instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business), accommodation endorser or otherwise for, nor pledge or hypothecate any assets of Borrower as security for, any liabilities or obligations of any other person or entity,
except any of the foregoing in favor of Bank.
5.6. LOANS, ADVANCES, INVESTMENTS. Except for its Foreign Subsidiaries, make any loans or
advances to or investments in any person or entity, except any of the foregoing existing as of, and disclosed to Bank prior to, the date hereof.
5.7. DIVIDENDS, DISTRIBUTIONS. Declare or pay any dividend or distribution either in cash, stock or any other property on Borrower’s stock now or hereafter outstanding, nor redeem, retire, repurchase or otherwise acquire any shares of
any class of Borrower’s stock now or hereafter outstanding, except that Borrower may repurchase shares of any class of Borrower’s stock in an amount not to exceed $4,000,000.00.
5.8. PLEDGE OF ASSETS. Mortgage, pledge, grant or permit to exist a security interest in, or lien upon, all or any portion of Borrower’s assets now
owned or hereafter acquired, except any of the foregoing in favor of Bank or which is existing as of, and disclosed to Bank in writing prior to, the date hereof.
ARTICLE VI
EVENTS OF DEFAULT
6.1. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an “Event of Default” under this Agreement:
(a) Borrower shall fail to pay when due any principal, interest, fees or other amounts payable under any of the Loan Documents.
(b) Any financial statement or certificate furnished to Bank in connection with, or any representation or warranty made by Borrower or any other party
under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall prove to be incorrect, false or misleading in any material respect when furnished or made.







(c) Any default in the performance of or compliance with any obligation, agreement or other provision
contained herein or in any other Loan Document (other than those specifically described as an “Event of Default” in this section 6.1), and with respect to any such default that by its nature can be cured, such default shall continue for a
period of twenty (20) days from its occurrence.
(d) Any default in the payment or performance of any obligation other than terms of
accounts payable, or any defined event of default, under the terms of any contract, instrument or document (other than any of the Loan Documents) pursuant to which Borrower, any guarantor hereunder (with each such guarantor, referred to herein as a
“Third Party Obligor”) has incurred any debt or other liability to any person or entity, including Bank.
(e) Borrower or any
Third Party Obligor shall become insolvent, or shall suffer or consent to or apply for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or liquidator of itself or any of its property, or shall generally fail to pay its debts as they become due, or
shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; Borrower or any Third Party Obligor shall file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or seeking reorganization, in order to effect a plan or other arrangement with creditors or any other
relief under the Bankruptcy Reform Act, Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended or recodified from time to time (“Bankruptcy Code”), or under any state or federal law granting relief to debtors, whether now or hereafter in effect;
or Borrower or any Third Party Obligor shall file an answer admitting the jurisdiction of the court and the material allegations of any involuntary petition; or Borrower or any Third Party Obligor shall be adjudicated a bankrupt, or an order for
relief shall be entered against Borrower or any Third Party Obligor by any court of competent jurisdiction under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable state or federal law relating to bankruptcy, reorganization or other relief for debtors.

(f) The filing of a notice of judgment lien against Borrower or any Third Party Obligor; or the recording of any abstract of judgment
against Borrower or any Third Party Obligor in any county in which Borrower or such Third Party Obligor has an interest in real property; or the service of a notice of levy and/or of a writ of attachment or execution, or other like process, against
the assets of Borrower or any Third Party Obligor; or the entry of a judgment against Borrower or any Third Party Obligor; or any involuntary petition or proceeding pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable state or federal law
relating to bankruptcy, reorganization or other relief for debtors is filed or commenced against Borrower or any Third Party Obligor; provided, however, that such judgment, liens, levies or other debts or claims against Borrower or its subsidiaries
are in excess of $500,000.00.
(g) There shall exist or occur any event or condition that Bank reasonably believes impairs, or will
substantially impair, the prospect of payment or performance by Borrower, any Third Party Obligor, of its obligations under any of the Loan Documents.
(h) The dissolution or liquidation of Borrower or any Third Party Obligor, or any of its directors, stockholders or members, shall take action seeking to effect the dissolution or liquidation of Borrower or such Third
Party Obligor.
6.2. REMEDIES. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default: (a) all indebtedness of Borrower under each of the Loan
Documents, any term thereof to the contrary notwithstanding, shall at Bank’s option and without notice become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or notice of dishonor, all of which are hereby expressly waived by
Borrower; (b) the obligation, if any, of Bank to extend any further credit under any of the Loan Documents shall immediately cease and terminate; and (c) Bank shall have all rights, powers and remedies available under each of the Loan
Documents, or accorded by law, including without limitation the right to resort to any or all security for any credit subject hereto and to exercise any or all of the rights of a beneficiary or secured party pursuant









to applicable law. All rights, powers and remedies of Bank may be exercised at any time by Bank and from time to time after the occurrence of an Event of
Default, are cumulative and not exclusive, and shall be in addition to any other rights, powers or remedies provided by law or equity.
ARTICLE VII
MISCELLANEOUS
7.1. NO WAIVER. No delay, failure or discontinuance of Bank in exercising any right, power or remedy under any of the Loan Documents shall affect or operate as a waiver of such right, power or remedy; nor shall any
single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude, waive or otherwise affect any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind by Bank
of any breach of or default under any of the Loan Documents must be in writing and shall be effective only to the extent set forth in such writing.
7.2. NOTICES. All notices, requests and demands which any party is required or may desire to give to any other party under any provision of this Agreement must be in writing delivered to each party at the following address:



BORROWER:	  	Ronald F. Klawitter
Chief Financial Officer
Key Tronic Corporation
4424 North Sullivan Road
Spokane, WA 99216

BANK:	  	WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
Attn: Dave Menard, Vice President
601 W. 1st Avenue, Suite
900
Spokane, WA 99201

or to such other address as any party may designate by written notice to all other parties. Each such notice,
request and demand shall be deemed given or made as follows: (a) if sent by hand delivery, upon delivery; (b) if sent by mail, upon the earlier of the date of receipt or three (3) days after deposit in the U.S. mail, first class and
postage prepaid; and (c) if sent by telecopy, upon receipt.
7.3. COSTS, EXPENSES AND ATTORNEYS’ FEES. Borrower shall pay to Bank
immediately upon demand the full amount of all payments, advances, charges, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees (to include outside counsel fees and all allocated costs of Bank’s in-house counsel), expended or incurred
by Bank in connection with (a) the negotiation and preparation of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, Bank’s continued administration hereof and thereof, and the preparation of any amendments and waivers hereto and thereto,
(b) the enforcement of Bank’s rights and/or the collection of any amounts which become due to Bank under any of the Loan Documents, and (c) the prosecution or defense of any action in any way related to any of the Loan Documents,
including without limitation, any action for declaratory relief, whether incurred at the trial or appellate level, in an arbitration proceeding or otherwise, and including any of the foregoing incurred in connection with any bankruptcy proceeding
(including without limitation, any adversary proceeding, contested matter or motion brought by Bank or any other person) relating to Borrower or any other person or entity.







7.4. SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs,
executors, administrators, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties; provided however, that Borrower may not assign or transfer its interests or rights hereunder without Bank’s prior written consent. Bank reserves the right
to sell, assign, transfer, negotiate or grant participations in all or any part of, or any interest in, Bank’s rights and benefits under each of the Loan Documents. In connection therewith, Bank may disclose all documents and information which
Bank now has or may hereafter acquire relating to any credit subject hereto, Borrower or its business, any guarantor hereunder or the business of such guarantor, or any collateral required hereunder. Any disclosure made by Bank will be subject to a
confidentiality agreement.
7.5. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENT. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire agreement
between Borrower and Bank with respect to each credit subject hereto and supersede all prior negotiations, communications, discussions and correspondence concerning the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be amended or modified only in writing
signed by each party hereto.
7.6. NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement is made and entered into for the sole protection and
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and no other person or entity shall be a third party beneficiary of, or have any direct or indirect cause of action or claim in connection with, this Agreement or
any other of the Loan Documents to which it is not a party.
7.7. TIME. Time is of the essence of each and every provision of this
Agreement and each other of the Loan Documents.
7.8. SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS. If any provision of this Agreement shall be prohibited by
or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity without invalidating the remainder of such provision or any remaining provisions of this Agreement.
7.9. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an
original, and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.
7.10. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington.
7.11. ARBITRATION.
(a) Arbitration. The parties hereto agree, upon demand by any party, to submit to binding arbitration all claims, disputes and controversies
between or among them (and their respective employees, officers, directors, attorneys, and other agents), whether in tort, contract or otherwise in any way arising out of or relating to (i) any credit subject hereto, or any of the Loan
Documents, and their negotiation, execution, collateralization, administration, repayment, modification, extension, substitution, formation, inducement, enforcement, default or termination; or (ii) requests for additional credit.
(b) Governing Rules. Any arbitration proceeding will (i) proceed in a location in Washington selected by the American Arbitration Association
(“AAA”); (ii) be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (Title 9 of the United States Code), notwithstanding any conflicting choice of law provision in any of the documents between the parties; and (iii) be conducted by the AAA,
or such other administrator as the parties shall mutually agree upon, in accordance with the AAA’s commercial dispute resolution procedures, unless the claim or counterclaim is at least $1,000,000.00 exclusive of claimed interest, arbitration
fees and costs in which case the arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the









AAA’s optional procedures for large, complex commercial disputes (the commercial dispute resolution procedures or the optional procedures for large,
complex commercial disputes to be referred to herein as applicable, as the “Rules”). If there is any inconsistency between the terms hereof and the Rules, the terms and procedures set forth herein shall control. Any party who fails or
refuses to submit to arbitration following a demand by any other party shall bear all costs and expenses incurred by such other party in compelling arbitration of any dispute. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to be a waiver by any party that
is a bank of the protections afforded to it under 12 U.S.C. §91 or any similar applicable state law.
(c) No Waiver of Provisional
Remedies, Self-Help and Foreclosure. The arbitration requirement does not limit the right of any party to (i) foreclose against real or personal property collateral; (ii) exercise self-help remedies relating to collateral or proceeds
of collateral such as setoff or repossession; or (iii) obtain provisional or ancillary remedies such as replevin, injunctive relief, attachment or the appointment of a receiver, before during or after the pendency of any arbitration proceeding.
This exclusion does not constitute a waiver of the right or obligation of any party to submit any dispute to arbitration or reference hereunder, including those arising from the exercise of the actions detailed in sections (i), (ii) and
(iii) of this paragraph.
(d) Arbitrator Qualifications and Powers. Any arbitration proceeding in which the amount in
controversy is $5,000,000.00 or less will be decided by a single arbitrator selected according to the Rules, and who shall not render an award of greater than $5,000,000.00. Any dispute in which the amount in controversy exceeds $5,000,000.00 shall
be decided by majority vote of a panel of three arbitrators; provided however, that all three arbitrators must actively participate in all hearings and deliberations. The arbitrator will be a neutral attorney licensed in the State of Washington or a
neutral retired judge of the state or federal judiciary of Washington, in either case with a minimum of ten years experience in the substantive law applicable to the subject matter of the dispute to be arbitrated. The arbitrator will determine
whether or not an issue is arbitratable and will give effect to the statutes of limitation in determining any claim. In any arbitration proceeding the arbitrator will decide (by documents only or with a hearing at the arbitrator’s discretion)
any pre-hearing motions which are similar to motions to dismiss for failure to state a claim or motions for summary adjudication. The arbitrator shall resolve all disputes in accordance with the substantive law of Washington and may grant any remedy
or relief that a court of such state could order or grant within the scope hereof and such ancillary relief as is necessary to make effective any award. The arbitrator shall also have the power to award recovery of all costs and fees, to impose
sanctions and to take such other action as the arbitrator deems necessary to the same extent a judge could pursuant to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, the Washington Rules of Civil Procedure or other applicable law. Judgment upon the award
rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. The institution and maintenance of an action for judicial relief or pursuit of a provisional or ancillary remedy shall not constitute a waiver of the right of any party,
including the plaintiff, to submit the controversy or claim to arbitration if any other party contests such action for judicial relief.
(e) Discovery. In any arbitration proceeding, discovery will be permitted in accordance with the Rules. All discovery shall be expressly limited to matters directly relevant to the dispute being arbitrated and must be completed no
later than 20 days before the hearing date. Any requests for an extension of the discovery periods, or any discovery disputes, will be subject to final determination by the arbitrator upon a showing that the request for discovery is essential for
the party’s presentation and that no alternative means for obtaining information is available.
(f) Class Proceedings and
Consolidations. No party hereto shall be entitled to join or consolidate disputes by or against others in any arbitration, except parties who have executed any Loan Document, or to include in any arbitration any dispute as a representative or
member of a class, or to act in any arbitration in the interest of the general public or in a private attorney general capacity.







(g) Payment Of Arbitration Costs And Fees. The arbitrator shall award all costs and expenses of
the arbitration proceeding.
(h) Miscellaneous. To the maximum extent practicable, the AAA, the arbitrators and the parties shall
take all action required to conclude any arbitration proceeding within 180 days of the filing of the dispute with the AAA. No arbitrator or other party to an arbitration proceeding may disclose the existence, content or results thereof, except for
disclosures of information by a party required in the ordinary course of its business or by applicable law or regulation. If more than one agreement for arbitration by or between the parties potentially applies to a dispute, the arbitration
provision most directly related to the Loan Documents or the subject matter of the dispute shall control. This arbitration provision shall survive termination, amendment or expiration of any of the Loan Documents or any relationship between the
parties.
ORAL AGREEMENTS OR ORAL COMMITMENTS TO LOAN MONEY, EXTEND CREDIT OR TO FORBEAR ENFORCING REPAYMENT OF A DEBT ARE NOT ENFORCEABLE UNDER
WASHINGTON LAW.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the day and year first written
above.



WELLS FARGO BANK,
KEY TRONIC CORPORATION	 		 	NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By:	 	 /s/    Ronald F. Klawitter
By:	 	 /s/    David Menard

Title:	 	CFO	 		 	Title:	 	VP








Schedule 1.5


1.	Key Tronic Juarez, S.A. de C.V.



2.	Key Tronic Reynosa, S.A. de C.V.


