






Credit Agreement



Exhibit 10.1





Credit Agreement

This agreement dated as of April 10, 2008 is between JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (together with its successors
and assigns, the “Bank”), whose address is 1201 S. Milwaukee Avenue, Libertyville, IL 60048, and MATERIAL SCIENCES CORPORATION (individually, the “Borrower” and if more than one, collectively, the
“Borrowers”), whose address is 2200 E. Pratt Blvd., Elk Grove, IL 60007.


1.	Credit Facilities.



1.1	Scope. This agreement governs Facility A, and, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Bank and the Borrower or prohibited by any Legal Requirement (as hereafter
defined), governs the Credit Facilities as defined below. Advances under any Credit Facilities shall be subject to the procedures established from time to time by the Bank. Any procedures agreed to by the Bank with respect to obtaining advances,
including automatic loan sweeps, shall not vary the terms or conditions of this agreement or the other Related Documents regarding the Credit Facilities.



1.2	Facility A (Line of Credit). The Bank has approved a credit facility to the Borrower in the principal sum not to exceed $4,500,000.00 in the aggregate at any one time
outstanding (“Facility A”). Credit under Facility A shall be repayable as set forth in a Line of Credit Note executed concurrently with this agreement, and any renewals, modifications, extensions, rearrangements, restatements
thereof and replacements or substitutions therefor.

Letter of Credit Sub-Limit. At any time the Borrower is entitled
to an advance under Facility A, the Bank agrees to issue letters of credit (all letters of credit issued for the account of the Borrower which are outstanding on the date of the Line of Credit Note and any letter of credit issued under this
agreement, together with any and all amendments, modifications, renewals, extensions, increases, restatements and rearrangements of and substitutions and replacements for, any of the foregoing, a “Letter of Credit” or
“Letters of Credit”) for the account of the Borrower in an amount not in excess of the maximum advance that it would then be entitled to obtain under Facility A, provided that (a) the aggregate maximum amount which is drawn and
remains unreimbursed under all Letters of Credit plus the aggregate maximum available amount which may be drawn under all Letters of Credit which are outstanding at any time (the “L/C Obligations”), shall not exceed $4,500,000.00,
(b) the issuance of any Letter of Credit with an expiration date beyond the maturity date of the Line of Credit Note shall be subject to the approval of the Bank, (c) any Letter of Credit shall be a standby or commercial letter of credit
and the form of the requested Letter of Credit shall be satisfactory to the Bank, and (d) the Borrower shall have executed an application and reimbursement agreement for any Letter of Credit in a form satisfactory to the Bank. While any Letter
of Credit is outstanding, the maximum amount of advances that may be outstanding under the Line of Credit. Note shall be automatically reduced by the L/C Obligations. The Borrower shall pay the Bank a fee for each standby letter of credit that is
issued, calculated at the rate of 1.50% per annum of the original maximum amount available of such standby Letter of Credit, with the fee being calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days in the period during which
the standby Letter of Credit will be outstanding; provided, however, that such fee shall not be less than the Bank’s standard issuance fee for each Letter of Credit. The Borrower shall pay the Bank a fee for each commercial letter of credit
that is issued, equal to the greater of $500.00 or 1.50% of the original maximum available amount of such commercial Letter of Credit No credit shall be given for fees paid due to early termination of any Letter of Credit. The Borrower shall also
pay the Bank’s standard transaction fees with respect to any transactions occurring on account of any Letter of Credit. Each fee shall be payable when the related letter of credit is issued, and transaction fees shall be payable upon completion
of the transaction as to which they are charged. All fees may be debited by the Bank to any deposit account of the Borrower with the Bank without further authority and, in any event, shall be paid by the Borrower within ten (10) days following
billing. The Bank is authorized, but not obligated to make an advance under the Line of Credit Note without notice to the Borrower, to make payment on a drawing under any Letter of Credit. The aggregate principal amount of advances outstanding at
any one time under the Line of Credit Note (and any and all renewals, modifications, extensions, rearrangements, restatements thereof and replacements or substitutions therefor) evidencing Facility A plus the aggregate amount of L/C Obligations
outstanding at any time (the “Aggregate Outstanding Amount”) shall not exceed the maximum amount of Facility A. If the Aggregate Outstanding Amount still exceeds the maximum amount of Facility A after the Line of Credit Note balance
is reduced to zero (that is, L/C Obligations exceed the maximum amount of Facility A), the Borrower shall provide cash collateral to the Bank for the L/C Obligations in an amount sufficient to eliminate the excess. References in this agreement to
the principal amount outstanding under the Credit Facilities shall include L/C Obligations.


2.	Definitions and Interpretations.



2.1	Definitions. As used in this agreement, the following terms have the following respective meanings:

A. “Affiliate” means any Person which, directly or indirectly Controls or is Controlled by or under common Control with, another
Person, and any director or officer thereof. The Bank is under no circumstances to be deemed an Affiliate of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.







B. “Authorizing Documents” means certificates of authority to transact business,
certificates of good standing, borrowing resolutions, appointments, officer’s certificates, certificates of incumbency, and other documents which empower and authorize or evidence the power and authority of all Persons (other than the Bank)
executing any Related Document or their representatives to execute and deliver the Related Documents and perform the Person’s obligations thereunder.
C. “Collateral” means all Property, now or in the future subject to any Lien in favor of the Bank, securing or intending to secure, any of the Liabilities.
D. “Control” as used with respect to any Person, means the power to direct or cause the direction of, the management and policies
of that Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of Equity Interests, by contract, or otherwise. “Controlling” and “Controlled” have meanings correlative thereto.
E. “Credit Facilities” means all extensions of credit from the Bank to the Borrower, whether now existing or hereafter arising,
including but not limited to those described in Section 1, if any, and those extended contemporaneously with this agreement.
F.
“Distributions” means all dividends and other distributions made to any Equity Owners, other than salary, bonuses, and other compensation for services expended in the current accounting period.
G. “Equity Interests” means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company,
beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any such equity interest.
H. “Equity Owner” means a shareholder, partner, member, holder of a beneficial interest in a trust or other owner of any Equity
Interests.
I. “GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time in the United
States of America, consistently applied.
J. “Legal Requirement” means any law, ordinance, decree, requirement,
order, judgment, rule, regulation (or interpretation of any of the foregoing) of any foreign governmental authority, the United States of America, any state thereof, any political subdivision of any of the foregoing or any agency, department,
commission, board, bureau, court or other tribunal having jurisdiction over the Bank, any Pledgor or any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective Properties or any agreement by which any of them is bound.
K. “Liabilities” means all indebtedness, liabilities and obligations of every kind and character of the Borrower to the Bank,
whether the obligations, indebtedness and liabilities are individual, joint and several, contingent or otherwise, now or hereafter existing, including, without limitation, all liabilities, interest, costs and fees, arising under or from any note,
open account, overdraft, credit card, lease, Rate Management Transaction, letter of credit application, endorsement, surety agreement, guaranty, acceptance, foreign exchange contract or depository service contract, whether payable to the Bank or to
a third party and subsequently acquired by the Bank, any monetary obligations (including interest) incurred or accrued during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceedings, regardless of whether allowed or
allowable in such proceeding, and all renewals, extensions, modifications, consolidations, rearrangements, restatements, replacements or substitutions of any of the foregoing.
L. “Lien” means any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, charge, encumbrance, security interest, collateral assignment or other lien
or restriction of any kind.
M. “Notes” means all promissory notes, instruments and/or contracts now or hereafter
evidencing the Credit Facilities.
N. “Obligor” means any Borrower, guarantor, surety, co-signer, endorser, general
partner or other Person who may now or in the future be obligated to pay any of the Liabilities.


2








O. “Organizational Documents” means, with respect to any Person, certificates of
existence or formation, documents establishing or governing the Person or evidencing or certifying that the Person is duly organized and validly existing in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements, including all amendments, restatements,
supplements or modifications to such certificates and documents as of the date of the Related Document referring to the Organizational Document and any and all future modifications thereto approved by the Bank.
P. “Permitted Investments” means (1) readily marketable direct obligations of the United States of America or any agency
thereof with maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition; (2) fully insured (if issued by a bank other than the Bank) certificates of deposit with maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition issued by any
commercial bank operating in the United States of America having capital and surplus in excess of $500,000,000.00; and (3) commercial paper of a domestic issuer if at the time of purchase such paper is rated in one of the two highest rating
categories of Standard and Poor’s Corporation or Moody’s Investors Service.
Q. “Person” means any
individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, joint stock association, association, bank, business trust, trust, unincorporated organization, any foreign governmental authority, the United States of America, any
state of the United States and any political subdivision of any of the foregoing or any other form of entity.
R.
“Pledgor” means any Person providing Collateral.
S. “Property” means any interest in any kind of
property or asset, whether real, personal or mixed, tangible or intangible.
T. “Rate Management Transaction” means
any transaction (including an agreement with respect thereto) that is a rate swap, basis swap, forward rate transaction, commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap, equity or equity index option, bond option, interest rate option,
foreign exchange transaction, cap transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction, forward transaction, currency swap transaction, cross-currency rate swap transaction, currency option, derivative transaction or any other similar transaction
(including any option with respect to any of these transactions) or any combination thereof, whether linked to one or more interest rates, foreign currencies, commodity prices, equity prices or other financial measures.
U. “Related Documents” means this agreement, the Notes, Letters of Credit, applications for letters of credit, all loan
agreements, credit agreements, reimbursement agreements, security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, pledge agreements, assignments, guaranties, and any other instrument or document executed in connection with this agreement or with any of the
Liabilities.
V. “Subsidiary” means, as to any particular Person (the “parent”), a Person the accounts of
which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent’s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of the date of determination, as well as any other Person of which
fifty percent (50%) or more of the Equity Interests is at the time of determination directly or indirectly owned, Controlled or held, by the parent or by any Person or Persons Controlled by the parent, either alone or together with the parent.



2.2	Interpretations. Whenever possible, each provision of the Related Documents shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable Legal
Requirements. If any provision of this agreement cannot be enforced, the remaining portions of this agreement shall continue in effect. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between this agreement and the provisions of any other Related
Documents, the provisions of this agreement shall control. Use of the term “including” does not imply any limitation on (but may expand) the antecedent reference. Any reference to a particular document includes all modifications,
supplements, replacements, renewals or extensions of that document, but this rule of construction does not authorize amendment of any document without the Bank’s consent. Section headings are for convenience of reference only and do not affect
the interpretation of this agreement. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP. Whenever the Bank’s determination, consent, approval or satisfaction
is required under this agreement or the other Related Documents or whenever the Bank may at its option take or refrain from taking any action under this agreement or the other Related Documents, the decision as to whether or not the Bank makes the
determination, consents, approves, is satisfied or takes or refrains from taking any action, shall be in the sole and exclusive discretion of the Bank, and the Bank’s decision shall be final and conclusive.



3









3.	Conditions Precedent to Extensions of Credit.



3.1	Conditions Precedent to Initial Extension of Credit under each of the Credit Facilities. Before the first extension of credit governed by this agreement and any initial
advance under any of the Credit Facilities, whether by disbursement of a loan, issuance of a letter of credit, or otherwise, the Borrower shall deliver to the Bank, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bank:

A. Loan Documents. The Notes, and as applicable, the letter of credit applications, reimbursement agreements, the security agreements, the pledge
agreements, financing statements, mortgages or deeds of trust, the guaranties, the subordination agreements, and any other documents which the Bank may reasonably require to give effect to the transactions described in this agreement or the other
Related Documents;
B. Organizational and Authorizing Documents. The Organizational Documents and Authorizing Documents of the
Borrower and any other Persons (other than the Bank) executing the Related Documents in form and substance satisfactory to the Bank that at a minimum: (i) document the due organization, valid existence and good standing of the Borrower and
every other Person (other than the Bank) that is a party to this agreement or any other Related Document; (ii) evidence that each Person (other than the Bank) which is a party to this agreement or any other Related Document has the power and
authority to enter into the transactions described therein; and (iii) evidence that the Person signing on behalf of each Person that is a party to the Related Documents (other than the Bank) is duly authorized to do so; and
C. Liens. The termination, assignment or subordination, as determined by the Bank, of all Liens on the Collateral in favor of any secured party
(other than the Bank).


3.2	Conditions Precedent to Each Extension of Credit. Before any extension of credit governed by this agreement, whether by disbursement of a loan, issuance of a letter of credit
or otherwise, the following conditions must be satisfied:

A. Representations. The representations of the Borrower and
any other parties, other than the Bank, in the Related Documents are true on and as of the date of the request for and funding of the extension of credit;
B. No Event of Default. No default, event of default or event that would constitute a default or event of default but for the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both, has occurred in any provision of this
agreement, the Notes or any other Related Documents and is continuing or would result from the extension of credit;
C. Additional
Approvals, Opinions, and Documents. The Bank has received any other approvals, opinions and documents as it may reasonably request; and
D. No Prohibition or Onerous Conditions. The making of the extension of credit is not prohibited by and does not subject the Bank, any Obligor, or any Subsidiary of the Borrower to any penalty or onerous condition under, any Legal
Requirement.


4.	Affirmative Covenants. The Borrower agrees to do, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to do, each of the following:



4.1
;
Insurance. Maintain insurance with financially sound and reputable insurers, with such insurance and insurers to be satisfactory to the Bank, covering its Property and business against those
casualties and contingencies and in the types and amounts as are in accordance with sound business and industry practices, and furnish to the Bank, upon request of the Bank, reports on each existing insurance policy showing such information as the
Bank may reasonably request.




4.2	Existence. Maintain its existence and business operations as presently in effect in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements, pay its debts and obligations when due
under normal terms, and pay on or before their due date, all taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental monetary obligations, except as they may be contested in good faith if they have been properly reflected on its books and, at the
Bank’s request, adequate funds or security has been pledged or reserved to insure payment.



4.3	Financial Records. Maintain proper books and records of account, in accordance with GAAP, and consistent with financial statements previously submitted to the Bank.




4.4	 Inspection. Permit the Bank, its agents and designees to: (a) inspect and photograph its Property, to examine and copy files, books and records, and to
discuss its business, operations, prospects, assets, affairs and financial condition with the Borrower’s or its Subsidiaries’ officers and accountants, at times and intervals as the Bank reasonably determines; (b) perform audits or
other inspections of the Collateral, including the records and documents related to the Collateral; and





4










(c) confirm with any Person any obligations and liabilities of the Person to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries. The Borrower will, and will cause its
Subsidiaries to cooperate with any inspection or audit. The Borrower will pay the Bank the reasonable costs and expenses of any audit or inspection of the Collateral (including fees and expenses charged internally by the Bank for asset reviews)
promptly after receiving the invoice.




4.5	Financial Reports. Furnish to the Bank whatever information, statements, books and records the Bank may from time to time reasonably request.



4.6	Notices of Claims, Litigation, Defaults, etc. Promptly inform the Bank in writing of: (1) all existing and all threatened litigation, claims, investigations,
administrative proceedings and similar actions or changes in Legal Requirements affecting it which could materially affect its business, assets, affairs, prospects or financial condition; (2) the occurrence of any event which gives rise to the
Bank’s option to terminate the Credit Facilities; (3) the institution of steps by it to withdraw from, or the institution of any steps to terminate, any employee benefit plan as to which it may have liability; (4) any reportable event
or any prohibited transaction in connection with any employee benefit plan; (5) any additions to or changes in the locations of its businesses; and (6) any alleged breach by the Bank of any provision of this agreement or of any other
Related Document.



4.7	Other Agreements. Comply with all terms and conditions of all other agreements, whether now or hereafter existing, between it and any other Person.




4.8	Title to Assets and Property. Maintain good and marketable title to all of its Properties, and defend them against all claims and demands of all Persons at any time claiming
any interest in them.



4.9	Additional Assurances. Promptly make, execute and deliver any and all agreements, documents, instruments and other records that the Bank may request to evidence any of the
Credit Facilities, cure any defect in the execution and delivery of any of the Related Documents, perfect any Lien, comply with any Legal Requirement applicable to the Bank or the Credit Facilities or describe more fully particular aspects of the
agreements set forth or intended to be set forth in any of the Related Documents.



4.10	Employee Benefit Plans. Maintain each employee benefit plan as to which it may have any liability, in compliance with all Legal Requirements.



4.11	Banking Relationship. Establish and maintain its primary banking depository and disbursement relationship with the Bank.



5.	Negative Covenants.



5.1	Unless otherwise noted, the financial requirements set forth in this section will be computed in accordance with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with financial statements
previously submitted by the Borrower to the Bank.



5.2	Without the written consent of the Bank, the Borrower will not and no Subsidiary of the Borrower will:

A. Distributions. Redeem, retire, purchase or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any of its Equity Interests, return any contribution to an
Equity Owner or, other than stock dividends and dividends paid to the Borrower, declare or pay any Distributions; provided, however, that if there is no existing default under this agreement or any other Related Document and to do so will not cause
a default under any of such agreements the Borrower may pay Distributions to its Equity Owners sufficient in amount to pay their income tax obligations attributable to the Borrower’s taxable income if the Borrower is a sub S corporation,
limited liability company or partnership.
B. Sale of Equity Interests. Issue, sell or otherwise dispose of its Equity Interests.

C. Debt. Incur, contract for, assume, or permit to remain outstanding, indebtedness for borrowed money, installment obligations, or
obligations under capital leases or operating leases, other than (1) unsecured trade debt incurred in the ordinary course of business, (2) indebtedness owing to the Bank, (3) indebtedness reflected in its latest financial statement
furnished to the Bank prior to execution of this agreement and that is not to be paid with proceeds of borrowings under the Credit Facilities, and (4) indebtedness outstanding as of the date hereof that has been disclosed to the Bank in writing
and that is not to be paid with proceeds of borrowings under the Credit Facilities.


5








D. Guaranties. Guarantee or otherwise become or remain secondarily liable on the undertaking of
another, except for endorsement of drafts for deposit and collection in the ordinary course of business.
E. Liens. Create or permit
to exist any Lien on any of its Property except: existing Liens known to and approved by the Bank; Liens to the Bank; Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business securing current non-delinquent liabilities for taxes, worker’s
compensation, unemployment insurance, social security and pension liabilities.
F. Use of Proceeds. Use, or permit any proceeds of
the Credit Facilities to be used, directly or indirectly, for: (1) any personal, family or household purpose; or (2) the purpose of “purchasing or carrying any margin stock” within the meaning of Federal Reserve Board Regulation
U. At the Bank’s request, it will furnish a completed Federal Reserve Board Form U-l.
G. Continuity of Operations.
(1) Engage in any business activities substantially different from those in which it is presently engaged; (2) cease operations, liquidate, merge, transfer, acquire or consolidate with any other Person, change its name, dissolve, or sell
any assets out of the ordinary course of business; (3) enter into any arrangement with any Person providing for the leasing by it of Property which has been sold or transferred by it to such Person; or (4) change its business organization,
the jurisdiction under which its business organization is formed or organized, or its chief executive office, or any places of its businesses.
H. Limitation on Negative Pledge Clauses. Enter into any agreement with any Person other than the Bank which prohibits or limits its ability to create or permit to exist any Lien on any of its Property, whether now owned or hereafter
acquired.
I. Conflicting Agreements. Enter into any agreement containing any provision which would be violated or breached by the
performance of its obligations under this agreement or any of the other Related Documents.
J. Transfer of Ownership. Permit any
pledge of any Equity Interest in it or any sale or other transfer of any Equity Interest in it.
K. Limitation on Loans, Advances to and
Investments in Others and Receivables from Others. Purchase, hold or acquire any Equity Interest or evidence of indebtedness of, make or permit to exist any loans or advances to, permit to exist any receivable from, or make or permit to exist
any investment or acquire any interest whatsoever in, any Person, except: (1) extensions of trade credit to customers in the ordinary course of business on ordinary terms; (2) Permitted Investments; and (3) loans, advances,
investments and receivables existing as of the date of this agreement that have been disclosed to and approved by the Bank in writing and that are not to be paid with proceeds of borrowings under the Credit Facilities.
L. Organizational Documents. Alter, amend or modify any of its Organizational Documents.
M. Government Regulation. (1) Be or become subject at any time to any Legal Requirement or list of any government agency (including, without
limitation, the U.S. Office of Foreign Asset Control list) that prohibits or limits the Bank from making any advance or extension of credit to it or from otherwise conducting business with it, or (2) fail to provide documentary and other
evidence of its identity as may be requested by the Bank at any time to enable the Bank to verify its identity or to comply with any applicable Legal Requirement, including, without limitation, Section 326 of the USA Patriot Act of 2001, 31 U.S.C.
Section 5318.
N. Subsidiaries. Form, create or acquire any Subsidiary.


6.	Representations.



6.1	 Representations and Warranties by the Borrower. To induce the Bank to enter into this agreement and to extend credit or other financial accommodations under
the Credit Facilities, the Borrower represents arid warrants as of the date of this agreement and as of the date of each request for credit under the Credit Facilities that each of the following statements is and shall remain true and correct
throughout the term of this agreement and until all Credit Facilities and all Liabilities under the Notes and other Related Documents are paid in full: (a) its principal residence or chief executive office is at the address shown above,
(b) its name as it appears in this agreement is its exact name as it appears in its Organizational Documents, (c) the execution and delivery of this agreement and the other Related Documents to which it is a party, and the performance of
the obligations they impose, do not violate any Legal Requirement, conflict with any agreement by which it is bound, or require the consent or approval of any other Person, (d) this agreement and the other Related Documents have been duly
authorized, executed and delivered by all parties thereto (other than the Bank) and are valid and





6










binding agreements of those Persons, enforceable according to their terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws affecting the
enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and by general principles of equity, (e) all balance sheets, profit and loss statements, and other financial statements and other information furnished to the Bank, in connection with the
Liabilities are accurate and fairly reflect the financial condition of the Persons to which they apply on their effective dates, including contingent liabilities of every type, which financial condition has not changed materially and adversely since
those dates, (f) no litigation, claim, investigation, administrative proceeding or similar action (including those for unpaid taxes) is pending or threatened against it, and no other event has occurred which may in any one case or in the
aggregate materially adversely affect it or any of its Subsidiaries’ financial condition, properties, business, affairs or operations, other than litigation, claims, or other events, if any, that have been disclosed to and acknowledged by the
Bank in writing, (g) all of its tax returns and reports that are or were required to be filed, have been filed, and all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges have been paid in full, except those presently being contested by it in
good faith and for which adequate reserves have been provided, (h) it is not an “investment company” or a company “controlled” by an “investment company”, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended, (i) it is not a “holding company”, or a “subsidiary company” of a “holding company” or an “affiliate” of a “holding company” or of a “subsidiary company” of a “holding
company” within the meaning of the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, as amended, (j) there are no defenses or counterclaims, offsets or adverse claims, demands or actions of any kind, personal or otherwise, that it could assert
with respect to this agreement or the Credit Facilities, (k) it owns, or is licensed to use, all trademarks, trade names, copyrights, technology; know-how and processes necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted, and
(1) the execution and delivery of this agreement and the other Related Documents to which it is a party and the performance of the obligations they impose, if the Borrower is other titan a natural Person (i) are within its powers,
(ii) have been duly authorized by all necessary action of its governing body, and (iii) do not contravene the terms of its Organizational Documents or other agreement or document governing its affairs.




7.	Default/Remedies.



7.1	Events of Default/Acceleration. If any of the following events occurs, the Notes shall become due immediately, without notice, at the Bank’s option:


A. Any Obligor fails to pay when due any of the Liabilities or any other debt to any Person, or any amount payable
with respect to any of the Liabilities, or under any Note, any other Related Document, or any agreement or instrument evidencing other debt to any Person.
B. Any Obligor or any Pledgor: (i) fails to observe or perform or otherwise violates any other term, covenant, condition or agreement of any of the Related Documents; (ii) makes any materially
incorrect or misleading representation, warranty, or certificate to the Bank; (iii) makes any materially incorrect or misleading representation in any financial statement or other information delivered to the Bank; or (iv) defaults under
the terms of any agreement or instrument relating to any debt for borrowed money (other than the debt evidenced by the Related Documents) and the effect of such default will allow the creditor to declare the debt due before its stated maturity.

C. In the event (i) there is a default under the terms of any Related Document, (ii) any Obligor terminates or revokes or
purports to terminate or revoke its guaranty or any Obligor’s guaranty becomes unenforceable in whole or in part, (iii) any Obligor fails to perform promptly under its guaranty, or (iv) any Obligor fails to comply with, or perform
under any agreement, now or hereafter in effect, between the Obligor and the Bank, or any Affiliate of the Bank or their respective successors and assigns.
D. There is any loss, theft, damage, or destruction of any Collateral not covered by insurance.
E. Any event occurs that would permit the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation to terminate any employee benefit plan of any Obligor or any Subsidiary of any Obligor.
F. Any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries or any Pledgor: (i) becomes insolvent or unable to pay its debts as they become due; (ii) makes
an assignment for the benefit of creditors; (iii) consents to the appointment of a custodian, receiver, or trustee for itself or for a substantial part of its Property; (iv) commences any proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization,
liquidation, insolvency or similar laws; (v) conceals or removes any of its Property, with intent to hinder, delay or defraud any of its creditors; (vi) makes or permits a transfer of any of its Property, which may be fraudulent under any
bankruptcy, fraudulent conveyance or similar law; or (vii) makes a transfer of any of its Property to or for the benefit of a creditor at a time when other creditors similarly situated have not been paid.


7








G. A custodian, receiver, or trustee is appointed for any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries or
any Pledgor or for a substantial part of their respective Property.
H. Any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries, without the
Bank’s written consent: (i) liquidates or is dissolved; (ii) merges or consolidates with any other Person; (iii) leases, sells or otherwise conveys a material part of its assets or business outside the ordinary course of its
business; (iv) leases, purchases, or otherwise acquires a material part of the assets of any other Person, except in the ordinary course of its business; or (v) agrees to do any of the foregoing; provided, however, that any Subsidiary of
an Obligor may merge or consolidate with any other Subsidiary of that Obligor, or with the Obligor, so long as the Obligor is the survivor.
I. Proceedings are commenced under any bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation, or similar laws against any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries or any Pledgor and remain undismissed for thirty (30) days after commencement; or any
Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries or any Pledgor consents to the commencement of those proceedings.
J. Any judgment is entered
against any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries, or any attachment, seizure, sequestration, levy, or garnishment is issued against any Property of any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries or of any Pledgor or any Collateral.
K. Any individual Obligor or Pledgor dies, or a guardian or conservator is appointed for any individual Obligor or Pledgor or all or any portion of
their respective Property, or the Collateral.
L. Any material adverse change occurs in: (i) the reputation, Property, financial
condition, business, assets, affairs, prospects, liabilities, or operations of any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries; (ii) any Obligor’s or Pledgor’s ability to perform its obligations under the Related Documents; or (iii) the
Collateral.


7.2	Remedies. At any time after the occurrence of a default, the Bank may do one or more of the following: (a) cease permitting the Borrower to incur any Liabilities;
(b) terminate any commitment of the Bank evidenced by any of the Notes; (c) declare any of the Notes to be immediately due and payable, without notice of acceleration, presentment and demand or protest or notice of any kind, all of which
are hereby expressly waived; (d) exercise all rights of setoff that the Bank may have contractually, by law, in equity or otherwise; and (e) exercise any and all other rights pursuant to any of the Related Documents, at law, in equity or
otherwise.

A. Generally. The rights of the Bank under this agreement and the other Related Documents are in addition
to other rights (including without limitation, other rights of setoff) the Bank may have contractually, by law, in equity or otherwise, all of which are cumulative and hereby retained by the Bank. Each Obligor agrees to stand still with regard to
the Bank’s enforcement of its rights, including taking no action to delay, impede or otherwise interfere with the Bank’s rights to realize on any Collateral.
B. Expenses. To the extent not prohibited by applicable Legal Requirements and whether or not the transactions contemplated by this agreement are consummated, the Borrower is liable to the Bank and agrees to
pay on demand all reasonable costs and expenses of every kind incurred (or charged by internal allocation) in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution, filing, recording, modification, supplementing and waiver of the Related
Documents, the making, servicing and collection of the Credit Facilities and the realization on any Collateral and any other amounts owed under the Related Documents, including without limitation reasonable attorneys’ fees (including counsel
for the Bank that are employees of the Bank or its Affiliates) and court costs. These costs and expenses include without limitation any costs or expenses incurred by the Bank in any bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or other similar proceeding
involving any Obligor, Pledgor, or Property of any Obligor, Pledgor, or Collateral. The obligations of the Borrower under this section shall survive the termination of this agreement.
C. Bank’s Right of Setoff. The Borrower grants to the Bank a security interest in the Deposits, and the Bank is authorized to setoff and
apply, all Deposits, Securities and Other Property, and Bank Debt against any and all Liabilities. This right of setoff may be exercised at any time from time to time after the occurrence of any default, without prior notice to or demand on the
Borrower and regardless of whether any Liabilities are contingent, unmatured or unliquidated. In this paragraph: (a) the term “Deposits” means any and all accounts and deposits of the Borrower (whether general, special, time,
demand, provisional or final) at any time held by the Bank (including all Deposits held jointly with another, but excluding any IRA or Keogh Deposits, or any trust Deposits in which a security interest would be prohibited by any Legal Requirement);
(b) the term “Securities and Other Property” means any and all securities and other personal Property of the Borrower in the custody, possession or control of the Bank, JPMorgan Chase & Co. or their respective
Subsidiaries and Affiliates (other than Property held by the Bank in a fiduciary capacity); and (c) the term “Bank Debt” means all indebtedness at any time owing by the Bank, to or for the credit or account of the Borrower and
any claim of the Borrower (whether individual, joint and several or otherwise) against the Bank now or hereafter existing.


8









8.	Miscellaneous.



8.1	Notice. Any notices and demands under or related to this agreement shall be in writing and delivered to the intended party at its address stated in this agreement, and if to
the Bank, at its main office if no other address of the Bank is specified in this agreement, by one of the following means: (a) by hand; (b) by a nationally recognized overnight courier service; or (c) by certified mail, postage
prepaid, with return receipt requested. Notice shall be deemed given: (a) upon receipt if delivered by hand; (b) on the Delivery Day after the day of deposit with a nationally recognized courier service; or (c) on the third Delivery
Day after the notice is deposited in the mail. “Delivery Day” means a day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or any other day on which national banking associations are authorized to be closed. Any party may change its address for
purposes of the receipt of notices and demands by giving notice of the change in the manner provided in this provision.



8.2	No Waiver. No delay on the part of the Bank in the exercise of any right or remedy waives that right or remedy. No single or partial exercise by the Bank of any right or
remedy precludes any other future exercise of it or the exercise of any other right or remedy. The making of an advance during the existence of any default or subsequent to the occurrence of a default or when all conditions precedent have not been
met shall not constitute a waiver of the default or condition precedent. No waiver or indulgence by the Bank of any default is effective unless it is in writing and signed by the Bank, nor shall a waiver on one occasion bar or waive that right on
any future occasion.



8.3	Integration. This agreement, the Notes, and the other Related Documents embody the entire agreement and understanding between the Borrower and the Bank and supersede all
prior agreements and understandings relating to their subject matter. If any one or more of the obligations of the Borrower under this agreement or the Notes is invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and
enforceability of the remaining obligations of the Borrower shall not in any way be affected or impaired, and the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability in one jurisdiction shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the
obligations of the Borrower under this agreement, the Notes and the other Related Documents in any other jurisdiction.



8.4	Joint and Several Liability. Each party executing this agreement as the Borrower is individually, jointly and severally liable under this agreement.




8.5	Governing Law and Venue. This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois (without giving effect to its laws of
conflicts). The Borrower agrees that any legal action or proceeding with respect to any of its obligations under this agreement may be brought by the Bank in any state or federal court located in the State of Illinois, as the Bank in its sole
discretion may elect. By the execution and delivery of this agreement, the Borrower submits to and accepts, for itself and in respect of its property, generally and unconditionally, the non-exclusive jurisdiction of those courts. The Borrower waives
any claim that the State of Illinois is not a convenient forum or the proper venue for any such suit, action or proceeding.



8.6	Survival of Representations and Warranties. The Borrower understands and agrees that in extending the Credit Facilities, the Bank is relying on all representations,
warranties, and covenants made by the Borrower in this agreement or in any certificate or other instrument delivered by the Borrower to the Bank under this agreement or in any of the other Related Documents. The Borrower further agrees that
regardless of any investigation made by the Bank, all such representations, warranties and covenants will survive the making of the Credit Facilities and delivery to the Bank of this agreement, shall be continuing in nature, and shall remain in full
force and effect until such time as the Liabilities shall be paid in full.



8.7	Non-Liability of the Bank. The relationship between the Borrower on one hand and the Bank on the other hand shall be solely that of borrower and lender. The Bank shall have
no fiduciary responsibilities to the Borrower. The Bank undertakes no responsibility to the Borrower to review or inform the Borrower of any matter in connection with any phase of the Borrower’s business or operations.




8.8	 Indemnification of the Bank. The Borrower agrees to indemnify, defend and hold the Bank, its parent companies, Subsidiaries, Affiliates, their respective
successors and assigns and each of their respective shareholders, directors, officers, employees and agents (collectively, the “Indemnified Persons”) harmless from any and against any and all loss, liability, obligation, damage,
penalty, judgment, claim, deficiency, expense, interest, penalties, attorneys’ fees (including the fees and expenses of any attorneys engaged by the Indemnified Person) and amounts paid in settlement (“Claims”) to which any
Indemnified Person may become subject arising out of or relating to the Credit Facilities, the Liabilities under this agreement or any other Related Documents or the Collateral, except to the limited extent that the Claims are proximately





9










caused by the Indemnified Person’s gross negligence or willful misconduct. The indemnification provided for in this paragraph shall survive the
termination of this agreement and shall not be affected by the presence, absence or amount of or the payment or nonpayment of any claim under, any insurance.




8.9	Counterparts. This agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts, taken
together, shall constitute one and the same agreement.



8.10	Advice of Counsel. The Borrower acknowledges that it has been advised by counsel, or had the opportunity to be advised by counsel, in the negotiation, execution and delivery
of this agreement and any other Related Documents.



8.11	Expenses. The Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse the Bank for all its out-of-pocket costs and expenses and reasonable attorneys’ fees (including the fees of in-house
counsel) incurred in connection with the preparation and execution of this agreement, any amendment, supplement, or modification thereto, and any other Related Documents.



8.12	Reinstatement. The Borrower agrees that to the extent any payment or transfer is received by the Bank in connection with the Liabilities, and all or any part of the payment
or transfer is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required to be repaid or transferred by the Bank or paid or transferred over to a trustee, receiver or any other entity, whether under any proceeding or
otherwise (any of those payments or transfers is hereinafter referred to as a “Preferential Payment”), then this agreement and the Notes shall continue to be effective or shall be reinstated, as the case may be, even if all those
Liabilities have been paid in full and whether or not the Bank is in possession of the Notes and whether any of the Notes has been marked, paid, released or cancelled, or returned to the Borrower and, to the extent of the payment, repayment or other
transfer by the Bank, the Liabilities or part intended to be satisfied by the Preferential Payment shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if the Preferential Payment had not been made. The obligations of the Borrower under this
section shall survive the termination of this agreement.



8.13	Assignments. The Borrower agrees that the Bank may provide any information or knowledge the Bank may have about the Borrower or about any matter relating to the Notes or the
other Related Documents to JPMorgan Chase & Co., or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or their successors, or to any one or more purchasers or potential purchasers of the Notes or the Related Documents. The Borrower agrees that the Bank
may at any time sell, assign or transfer one or more interests or participations in all or any part of its rights and obligations in the Notes to one or more purchasers whether or not related to the Bank.



8.14	Waivers. Each Obligor waives (a) any right to receive notice of the following matters before the Bank enforces any of its rights: (i) any demand, diligence,
presentment, dishonor and protest, or (ii) any action that the Bank takes regarding any Person, any Collateral, or any of the Liabilities, that it might be entitled to by law or under any other agreement; (b) any right to require the Bank
to proceed against the Borrower, any other Obligor or any Collateral, or pursue any remedy in the Bank’s power to pursue; (c) any defense based on any claim that any Obligor’s obligations exceed or are more burdensome than those of
the Borrower; (d) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting liability of any Obligor or the enforcement hereof; (e) any defense arising by reason of any disability or other defense of the Borrower or by reason of the cessation
from any cause whatsoever (other than payment in full) of the obligation of the Borrower for the Liabilities; and (f) any defense based on or arising out of any defense that the Borrower may have to the payment or performance of the Liabilities
or any portion thereof. Each Obligor consents to any extension or postponement of time of its payment without limit as to the number or period, to any substitution, exchange or release of all or any part of any Collateral, to the addition of any
other party, and to the release or discharge of, or suspension of any rights and remedies against, any Obligor. The Bank may waive or delay enforcing any of its rights without losing them. Any waiver affects only the specific terms and time period
stated in the waiver. No modification or waiver of any provision of the Notes is effective unless it is in writing and signed by the Person against whom it is being enforced.



9.	USA PATRIOT ACT NOTIFICATION. The following notification is provided to the Borrower pursuant to Section 326 of the USA Patriot Act of 2001, 31 U.S.C. Section 5318:


IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT. To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and
money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each Person that opens an account, including any deposit account, treasury management account, loan, other
extension of credit, or other financial services product. What this means for the Borrower: When the Borrower opens an account, if it is an individual the Bank will ask for its name, taxpayer identification number, residential address, date of
birth, and other information that will allow the Bank to identify it, and, if it is not an individual the Bank will ask



10









for its name, taxpayer identification number, business address, and other information that will allow the Bank to identify it. The Bank may also ask, if the
Borrower is an individual, to see its driver’s license or other identifying documents, and if it is not an individual, to see its Organizational Documents or other identifying documents.


10.	WAIVER OF SPECIAL DAMAGES. THE BORROWER WAIVES, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT THE UNDERSIGNED MAY HAVE TO CLAIM OR RECOVER FROM THE BANK IN ANY LEGAL
ACTION OR PROCEEDING ANY SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.



11.	JURY WAIVER. THE BORROWER AND THE BANK HEREBY VOLUNTARILY, KNOWINGLY, IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO HAVE JURY PARTICIPATE IN RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE
(WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) BETWEEN THE BORROWER AND THE BANK ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT. THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO THE BANK TO PROVIDE THE FINANCING DESCRIBED HEREIN.





Address(es) for Notices:	 		 	Borrower:

2200 E. Pratt Blvd	 		 	MATERIAL SCIENCES CORPORATION
Elk Grove, IL 60007

Attn:
By:	 	 /s/ Clifford D. Nastas

Clifford D. Nastas
CEO

Printed Name	 	Title

Address for Notices:	 		 	By:	 	/s/ James M. Froisland

1201 S. Milwaukee Avenue	 		 		 	James M. Froisland	 	CFO
Libertyville, IL 60048	 		 		 	Printed Name	 	Title

Attn:
Date Signed:




11


