






Credit Agreement



Exhibit 10.2

CREDIT AGREEMENT

THIS CREDIT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is entered into as of May 27, 2010, by and between SAN JOSE WATER COMPANY, a
California corporation (“Borrower”), and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (“Bank”).
RECITALS

Borrower has requested that Bank extend or continue credit to Borrower as described below, and Bank has agreed to provide
such credit to Borrower on the terms and conditions contained herein.
NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Bank and Borrower hereby agree as follows:
ARTICLE I

CREDIT TERMS

SECTION 1.1. LINE OF CREDIT.

(a) Line of Credit. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank hereby agrees to make advances to Borrower from
time to time up to and including June 1, 2012, not to exceed at any time the aggregate principal amount of Seventy Five Million Dollars ($75,000,000.00) (“Line of Credit”), the proceeds of which shall be used first, to refinance
Borrower’s outstanding credit accommodation from Bank, and second, to finance the working capital requirements of Borrower. Borrower’s obligation to repay advances under the Line of Credit shall be evidenced by a promissory note dated as
of May 27, 2010 (“Line of Credit Note”), all terms of which are incorporated herein by this reference.
(b)
Letter of Credit Subfeature. As a subfeature under the Line of Credit, Bank agrees from time to time during the term thereof to issue or cause an affiliate to issue standby letters of credit for the account of Borrower in furtherance of
corporate purposes (each, a “Letter of Credit” and collectively, “Letters of Credit”); provided however, that the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit shall not at any time exceed Ten Million Dollars
($10,000,000.00). The form and substance of each Letter of Credit shall be subject to approval by Bank, in its sole discretion. Each Letter of Credit shall be issued for a term not to exceed one (1) year, as designated by Borrower; provided
however, that no Letter of Credit shall have an expiration date subsequent to the maturity date of the Line of Credit. The undrawn amount of all Letters of Credit shall be reserved under the Line of Credit and shall not be available for borrowings
thereunder. Each Letter of Credit shall be subject to the additional terms and conditions of the Letter of Credit agreements, applications and any related documents required by Bank in connection with the issuance thereof. Each drawing paid under a
Letter of Credit shall be deemed an advance under the Line of Credit and shall be repaid by Borrower in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement applicable to such advances; provided however, that if advances under the Line of
Credit are not available, for any reason, at the time any drawing is paid, then Borrower shall immediately pay to Bank the full amount drawn, together with interest thereon from the date such drawing is paid to the date such amount is fully repaid
by Borrower, at the rate of interest applicable to advances under the Line of Credit. In such event Borrower agrees that Bank, in its sole discretion, may debit any account maintained by Borrower with Bank for the amount of any such drawing.








(c) Borrowing and Repayment. Borrower may from time to time during the term of the
Line of Credit borrow, partially or wholly repay its outstanding borrowings, and reborrow, subject to all of the limitations, terms and conditions contained herein or in the Line of Credit Note; provided however, that the total outstanding
borrowings under the Line of Credit shall not at any time exceed the maximum principal amount available thereunder, as set forth above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower shall maintain a zero balance on advances under the Line of Credit for a
period of at least thirty (30) consecutive days by June 1, 2012.
SECTION 1.2. INTEREST/FEES.

(a) Interest. The outstanding principal balance of each credit subject hereto shall bear interest at the rate of interest set
forth in each promissory note or other instrument or document executed in connection therewith.
(b) Computation and
Payment. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed. Interest shall be payable at the times and place set forth in each promissory note or other instrument or document required hereby.

(c) Unused Commitment Fee. Borrower shall pay to Bank a fee equal to one-quarter percent (0.25%) per annum (computed on the basis
of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed) on the average daily unused amount of the Line of Credit, which fee shall be calculated on a quarterly basis by Bank and shall be due and payable by Borrower in arrears within ten (10) days after each
billing is sent by Bank.
(d) Letter of Credit Fees. Borrower shall pay to Bank (i) fees upon the issuance of each
Letter of Credit equal to one and three hundred seventy-five thousandths percent (1.375%) per annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed) of the face amount thereof, and (ii) fees upon the payment or negotiation of
each drawing under any Letter of Credit and fees upon the occurrence of any other activity with respect to any Letter of Credit (including without limitation, the transfer, amendment or cancellation of any Letter of Credit) determined in accordance
with Bank’s standard fees and charges then in effect for such activity. The issuance fee described in (i) above and applicable to each Letter of Credit shall be payable in successive advance installments over the term of the applicable
Letter of Credit, with the first installment due on the date of its issuance and each installment thereafter due at the end of each ninety (90) day period thereafter; provided, that if there is less than ninety (90) days remaining until
the expiration of such Letter of Credit, the last installment shall be due on such expiration date.
SECTION 1.3. COLLECTION
OF PAYMENTS. Borrower authorizes Bank to collect all principal, interest and fees due under each subject hereto by charging Borrower’s deposit account number XXXXX with Bank, or any other deposit account maintained by Borrower with Bank, for
the full amount thereof. Should there be insufficient funds in any such deposit account to pay all such sums when due, the full amount of such deficiency shall be immediately due and payable by Borrower.



2








ARTICLE II

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Borrower makes the following representations and warranties to Bank, which representations and warranties shall survive the execution of
this Agreement and shall continue in full force and effect until the full and final payment, and satisfaction and discharge, of all obligations of Borrower to Bank subject to this Agreement.

SECTION 2.1. LEGAL STATUS. Borrower is a corporation, duly organized and existing and in good standing under the laws of California, and
is qualified or licensed to do business (and is in good standing as a foreign corporation, if applicable) in all jurisdictions in which such qualification or licensing is required or in which the failure to so qualify or to be so licensed could have
a material adverse effect on Borrower.
SECTION 2.2. AUTHORIZATION AND VALIDITY. This Agreement and each promissory note,
contract, instrument and other document required hereby or at any time hereafter delivered to Bank in connection herewith (collectively, the “Loan Documents”) have been duly authorized, and upon their execution and delivery in accordance
with the provisions hereof will constitute legal, valid and binding agreements and obligations of Borrower or the party which executes the same, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms.

SECTION 2.3. NO VIOLATION. The execution, delivery and performance by Borrower of each of the Loan Documents do not violate any provision
of any law or regulation, or contravene any provision of the Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws of Borrower, or result in any breach of or default under any contract, obligation, indenture or other instrument to which Borrower is a party or by
which Borrower may be bound.
SECTION 2.4. LITIGATION. There are no pending, or to the best of Borrower’s knowledge
threatened, actions, claims, investigations, suits or proceedings by or before any governmental authority, arbitrator, court or administrative agency which could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or operation of Borrower
other than those disclosed by Borrower to Bank in writing prior to the date hereof.
SECTION 2.5. CORRECTNESS OF FINANCIAL
STATEMENT. The annual financial statement of Borrower dated December 31, 2009, and all interim financial statements delivered to Bank since said date, true copies of which have been delivered by Borrower to Bank prior to the date hereof,
(a) are complete and correct and present fairly the financial condition of Borrower, (b) disclose all liabilities of Borrower that are required to be reflected or reserved against under generally accepted accounting principles, whether
liquidated or unliquidated, fixed or contingent, and (c) have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied. Since the dates of such financial statements there has been no material adverse change
in the financial condition of Borrower, nor has Borrower mortgaged, pledged, granted a security interest in or otherwise encumbered any of its assets or properties except in favor of Bank or as otherwise permitted by Bank in writing.



3








SECTION 2.6. INCOME TAX RETURNS. Borrower has no knowledge of any pending assessments or
adjustments of its income tax payable with respect to any year.
SECTION 2.7. NO SUBORDINATION. There is no agreement,
indenture, contract or instrument to which Borrower is a party or by which Borrower may be bound that requires the subordination in right of payment of any of Borrower’s obligations subject to this Agreement to any other obligation of Borrower.

SECTION 2.8. PERMITS, FRANCHISES. Borrower possesses, and will hereafter possess, all permits, consents, approvals,
franchises and licenses required and rights to all trademarks, trade names, patents, and fictitious names, if any, necessary to enable it to conduct the business in which it is now engaged in compliance with applicable law.

SECTION 2.9. ERISA. Borrower is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable provisions of the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended or recodified from time to time (“ERISA”); Borrower has not violated any provision of any defined employee pension benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) maintained or contributed to by Borrower (each, a
“Plan”); no Reportable Event as defined in ERISA has occurred and is continuing with respect to any Plan initiated by Borrower; Borrower has met its minimum funding requirements under ERISA with respect to each Plan; and each Plan will be
able to fulfill its benefit obligations as they come due in accordance with the Plan documents and under generally accepted accounting principles.

SECTION 2.10. OTHER OBLIGATIONS. Borrower is not in default on any obligation for borrowed money, any purchase money obligation or any
other material lease, commitment, contract, instrument or obligation.
SECTION 2.11. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS. Except as
disclosed by Borrower to Bank in writing prior to the date hereof, Borrower is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable federal or state environmental, hazardous waste, health and safety statutes, and any rules or regulations
adopted pursuant thereto, which govern or affect any of Borrower’s operations and/or properties, including without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, the Superfund Amendments and
Reauthorization Act of 1986, the Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, and the Federal Toxic Substances Control Act, as any of the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. None of the operations of Borrower
is the subject of any federal or state investigation evaluating whether any remedial action involving a material expenditure is needed to respond to a release of any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the environment. Borrower has no
material contingent liability in connection with any release of any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the environment.

ARTICLE III

CONDITIONS

SECTION 3.1. CONDITIONS OF INITIAL EXTENSION OF CREDIT. The obligation of Bank to extend any credit contemplated by this Agreement is
subject to the fulfillment to Bank’s satisfaction of all of the following conditions:
(a) Approval of Bank
Counsel. All legal matters incidental to the extension of credit by Bank shall be satisfactory to Bank’s counsel.


4








(b) Documentation. Bank shall have received, in form and substance satisfactory to
Bank, each of the following, duly executed:


(i)	This Agreement and each promissory note or other instrument or document required hereby.




(ii)	Corporate Resolution: Borrowing.



(iii)	Certificate of Incumbency.



(iv)	Disbursement Order.



(v)	Such other documents as Bank may require under any other Section of this Agreement.


(c) Financial Condition. There shall have been no material adverse change, as determined by Bank, in the financial condition or
business of Borrower nor any material decline, as reasonably determined by Bank, in a substantial or material portion of the assets of Borrower.

SECTION 3.2. CONDITIONS OF EACH EXTENSION OF CREDIT. The obligation of Bank to make each extension of credit requested by Borrower
hereunder shall be subject to the fulfillment to Bank’s satisfaction of each of the following conditions:
(a)
Compliance. The representations and warranties contained herein and in each of the other Loan Documents shall be true on and as of the date of the signing of this Agreement and on the date of each extension of credit by Bank pursuant hereto,
with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of each such date, and on each such date, no Event of Default as defined herein, and no condition, event or act which with the giving of notice or the passage
of time or both would constitute such an Event of Default, shall have occurred and be continuing or shall exist.
(b)
Documentation. Bank shall have received all additional documents which may be required in connection with such extension of credit.

ARTICLE IV

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

Borrower covenants that so long as Bank remains committed to extend credit to Borrower pursuant hereto, or any liabilities (whether
direct or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated) of Borrower to Bank under any of the Loan Documents remain outstanding, and until payment in full of all obligations of Borrower subject hereto, Borrower shall, unless Bank otherwise consents in
writing:
SECTION 4.1. PUNCTUAL PAYMENTS. Punctually pay all principal, interest, fees or other liabilities due under any of
the Loan Documents at the times and place and in the manner specified therein.
SECTION 4.2. ACCOUNTING RECORDS. Maintain
adequate books and records in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied, and permit any representative of Bank, at any reasonable time, to inspect, audit and examine such books and records, to make copies of the
same, and to inspect the properties of Borrower. Bank will keep all information received under this Agreement (“Borrower Information”) confidential, and will not disclose such Borrower Information to any person or entity, except
disclosures: (a) to federal and state bank examiners, and other regulatory officials having jurisdiction over Bank; (b) to (i)



5









Bank’s representatives (including, without limitation, all other banks and companies affiliated with Wells Fargo & Company, and their legal counsel, auditors, and other professional
advisors retained by Bank or its affiliates on a need to know basis), (ii) syndication parties and loan participants, and (iii) any rating agency of Bank, provided that each such individual or entity is informed of the confidential nature
of the Borrower Information, and has agreed to treat the Borrower Information as confidential in accordance with terms and conditions no less protective than as set forth in this Agreement; (c) required by law or legal process in the opinion of
Bank’s representatives; or (d) otherwise authorized in writing by Borrower. In the event that Bank or any of its representatives is, in the opinion of Bank’s counsel, required by applicable law to disclose any Borrower Information,
then Bank, unless prohibited by law, will provide notice of the legal process to Borrower so that Borrower, at its sole option (but without obligation to do so), and at its sole expense, may attempt to seek a protective order or other appropriate
remedy and/or waive compliance with the provisions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the provisions above, Borrower Information does not include information that: (w) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of an
unauthorized disclosure by Bank or its representatives; (x) is or becomes available to Bank on a non-confidential basis by Borrower or any officer, employee, agent or representative of Borrower prior to its disclosure by Bank; (y) is or
becomes available to Bank from a source not known to Bank to be under an obligation of confidentiality to Borrower; or (z) is independently developed by Bank without the use of the Borrower Information.

SECTION 4.3. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Provide to Bank all of the following, in form and detail satisfactory to Bank:

(a) not later than 100 days after and as of the end of each calendar year, an audited financial statement of Borrower, prepared by a
certified public accountant acceptable to Bank, to include a balance sheet, an income statement and a statement of cash flows;

(b) not later than 55 days after and as of the end of each quarter, a financial statement of Borrower, prepared by Borrower, to include a
balance sheet and an income statement;
(c) not later than 100 days after and as of the end of each calendar year, a
certificate of the president or chief financial officer of Borrower that said financial statements are accurate and that there exists no default hereunder nor any condition, act or event which with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both
would constitute such a default;
(d) not later than 55 days after and as of the end of each calendar quarter, a certificate
of the president or chief financial officer of Borrower that said financial statements are accurate and that there exists no default hereunder nor any condition, act or event which with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both would
constitute such a default;
(e) from time to time such other information as Bank may reasonably request.

SECTION 4.4. COMPLIANCE. Preserve and maintain all licenses, permits, governmental approvals, rights, privileges and franchises necessary
for the conduct of its business; and comply with the provisions of all documents pursuant to which Borrower is organized and/or which govern Borrower’s continued existence and with the requirements of all laws, rules, regulations and orders of
any governmental authority applicable to Borrower and/or its business.


6








SECTION 4.5. INSURANCE. Maintain and keep in force, for each business in which Borrower is
engaged, insurance of the types and in amounts customarily carried in similar lines of business, including but not limited to fire, extended coverage, public liability, flood, property damage and workers’ compensation, with all such insurance
carried with companies and in amounts satisfactory to Bank, and deliver to Bank from time to time at Bank’s request schedules setting forth all insurance then in effect.

SECTION 4.6. FACILITIES. Keep all properties useful or necessary to Borrower’s business in good repair and condition, and from time
to time make necessary repairs, renewals and replacements thereto so that such properties shall be fully and efficiently preserved and maintained.

SECTION 4.7. TAXES AND OTHER LIABILITIES. Pay and discharge when due any and all indebtedness, obligations, assessments and taxes, both
real or personal, including without limitation federal and state income taxes and state and local property taxes and assessments, except (a) such as Borrower may in good faith contest or as to which a bona fide dispute may arise, and
(b) for which Borrower has made provision, to Bank’s satisfaction, for eventual payment thereof in the event Borrower is obligated to make such payment.

SECTION 4.8. LITIGATION. Promptly give notice in writing to Bank of any litigation pending or threatened against Borrower with a claim in
excess of $5,000,000.00.
SECTION 4.9. FINANCIAL CONDITION. Maintain Borrower’s financial condition as follows using
generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied and used consistently with prior practices (except to the extent modified by the definitions herein):

(a) Funded Debt. Funded Debt not at any time greater than 66-2/3% of Total Capitalization, with “Funded Debt” defined as
of any date of determination as the sum of all obligations for borrowed money (including subordinated debt) plus all capital lease obligations, and with “Total Capitalization” defined as of any date of determination as the sum of
(i) stockholders’ equity plus (ii) Funded Debt.
(b) EBIT Coverage Ratio. EBIT Coverage Ratio not less
than 2.25 to 1.0 as of each calendar quarter end, determined on a rolling 4-quarter basis, with “EBIT” defined as net profit before tax plus interest expense (net of capitalized interest expense), and with “EBIT Coverage Ratio”
defined as the aggregate of total interest expense plus the prior period current maturity of long-term debt and the prior period current maturity of subordinated debt.

SECTION 4.10. NOTICE TO BANK. Promptly (but in no event more than five (5) days after the occurrence of each such event or matter)
give written notice to Bank in reasonable detail of: (a) the occurrence of any Event of Default, or any condition, event or act which with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both would constitute an Event of Default; (b) any
change in the name or the organizational structure of Borrower; (c) the occurrence and nature of any Reportable Event or Prohibited Transaction, each as defined in ERISA, or any funding deficiency with respect to any Plan; or (d) any
termination or cancellation of any insurance policy which Borrower is required to maintain, or any uninsured or partially uninsured loss through liability or property damage, or through fire, theft or any other cause affecting Borrower’s
property in excess of an aggregate of $5,000,000.00.


7








ARTICLE V

NEGATIVE COVENANTS

Borrower further covenants that so long as Bank remains committed to extend credit to Borrower pursuant hereto, or any liabilities
(whether direct or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated) of Borrower to Bank under any of the Loan Documents remain outstanding, and until payment in full of all obligations of Borrower subject hereto, Borrower will not without Bank’s prior
written consent:
SECTION 5.1. USE OF FUNDS. Use any of the proceeds of any credit extended hereunder except for the purposes
stated in Article I hereof.
SECTION 5.2. OTHER INDEBTEDNESS. Create, incur, assume or permit to exist any indebtedness or
liabilities resulting from borrowings, loans or advances, whether secured or unsecured, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, joint or several, except (a) the liabilities of Borrower to Bank, (b) any other liabilities of
Borrower existing as of, and disclosed to Bank prior to, the date hereof, (c) unsecured indebtedness maturing after January 1, 2019, (d) any indebtedness or liabilities not in excess of an aggregate of $1,000,000.00 outstanding at any
time to persons or entities other than Bank or affiliates of Borrower, (e) any unsecured indebtedness borrowed from the California Pollution Control Financing Authority, a public instrumentality and political subdivision of the State of
California, and (f) any indebtedness or liabilities of Borrower to SJW Corp. or to any wholly-owned subsidiary of SJW Corp.

SECTION 5.3. MERGER, CONSOLIDATION, TRANSFER OF ASSETS. Merge into or consolidate with any other entity; make any substantial change in
the nature of Borrower’s business as conducted as of the date hereof; acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any other entity; nor sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial or material portion of
Borrower’s assets except in the ordinary course of its business; provided, however, that Borrower shall be permitted to engage in any non-hostile mergers, acquisitions, or asset transfers other than in the ordinary course of business so long as
(a) the aggregate amount involved in all such transactions does not exceed $5,000,000.00 during the term of this Agreement, (b) Borrower remains the surviving entity in the event of any merger, (c) no Event of Default or any
condition, event or act which with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both would constitute an Event of Default exists at the time of such transaction or would result from the consummation of any such transaction, immediately after
giving effect thereto, and (d) any such merger or acquisition involves a line of business substantially the same as that which is presently engaged in by Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any transfer of assets by Borrower of real
property assets to SJW Land Company shall not be considered restricted by this Section 5.3.
SECTION 5.4. GUARANTIES.
Guarantee or become liable in any way as surety, endorser (other than as endorser of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business), accommodation endorser or otherwise for, nor pledge or hypothecate any assets
of Borrower as security for, any liabilities or obligations of any other person or entity, except any of the foregoing in favor of Bank and except by way of issuing standby letters of credit pursuant to Section 1.1 (b) of this Agreement.

SECTION 5.5. LOANS, ADVANCES, INVESTMENTS. Make any loans or advances to or investments in any person or entity, except
(a) any of the foregoing existing as of, and disclosed to Bank prior to, the date hereof, and (b) loans, advances to SJW Corp. (“Corp”) or to any subsidiary in which Corp holds a 70% or greater ownership interest.



8








SECTION 5.6. DIVIDEND RESTRICTIONS. Enter into any agreement with any party other than Bank
that would restrict the declaration or payment of dividends and distributions from it to Corp or limit Borrower’s ability to do so or Corp’s ability to receive the same. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower may, from time to time, enter
into (a) that form of note agreement under which Borrower issues debt securities containing restrictions on the declaration or payment of dividends as such restrictions exist under the Note Agreement for Borrower’s Series J Notes (the
“Senior Note Dividend Payment Restriction”), and (b) any other agreement under which Borrower may issue debt securities that includes any restriction on the declaration or payment of dividends that is not more restrictive than the
Senior Note Dividend Payment Restriction. Declare or pay any dividend or distribution either in cash, stock or any other property on Borrower’s stock now or hereafter outstanding, nor redeem, retire, repurchase or otherwise acquire any shares
of any class of Borrower’s stock now or hereafter outstanding if an Event of Default, or any condition, event or act which with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both would constitute an Event of Default, has occurred and is
existing, or would result immediately after giving effect thereto.
SECTION 5.7. PLEDGE OF ASSETS. Mortgage, pledge, grant or
permit to exist a security interest in, or lien upon, all or any portion of Borrower’s assets now owned or hereafter acquired, except (a) any of the foregoing in favor of Bank or which is existing as of, and disclosed to Bank in writing
prior to, the date hereof, (b) voluntary liens that secure other liabilities permitted under Section 5.2 to the extent such liens are purchase money liens or liens on specific assets given in connection with indebtedness permitted under
Section 5.2(d), (c) liens for unpaid taxes that either (i) are not yet delinquent or (ii) are subject to a good faith protest by Borrower and for which, to the extent required by generally accepted accounting principles then in
effect, proper and adequate book reserves are established by Borrower, and (d) liens arising by operation of law or pursuant to contracts for warehousemen, landlords, carriers, mechanics, materialmen, laborers or suppliers, incurred in the
ordinary course of business that (i) are not yet delinquent or (ii) are subject to a good faith protest by Borrower and for which, to the extent required by generally accepted accounting principles then in effect, proper and adequate book
reserves are established by Borrower.
ARTICLE VI

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

SECTION 6.1. The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an “Event of Default” under this Agreement:

(a) Borrower shall fail to pay when due any principal, interest, fees or other amounts payable under any of the Loan Documents.

(b) Any financial statement or certificate furnished to Bank in connection with, or any representation or warranty made by
Borrower or any other party under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall prove to be incorrect, false or misleading in any material respect when furnished or made.

(c) Any default in the performance of or compliance with any obligation, agreement or other provision contained herein or in any other
Loan Document (other than those specifically described as an “Event of Default” in this section 6.1), and with respect to any such default that by its nature can be cured, such default shall continue for a period of twenty (20) days
from its occurrence.


9








(d) Any default in the payment or performance of any obligation, or any defined event of
default, under the terms of any contract, instrument or document (other than any of the Loan Documents) pursuant to which Borrower, Corp or SJW Land Company has incurred any debt or other liability (i) to Bank, or (ii) to any person or
entity, to the extent such debt or liability to such persons or entities other than Bank exceeds $1,000,000 in the aggregate.

(e) Borrower shall become insolvent, or shall suffer or consent to or apply for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or
liquidator of itself or any of its property, or shall generally fail to pay its debts as they become due, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; Borrower shall file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or seeking
reorganization, in order to effect a plan or other arrangement with creditors or any other relief under the Bankruptcy Reform Act, Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended or recodified from time to time (“Bankruptcy Code”), or under
any state or federal law granting relief to debtors, whether now or hereafter in effect; or Borrower shall file an answer admitting the jurisdiction of the court and the material allegations of any involuntary petition; or Borrower shall be
adjudicated a bankrupt, or an order for relief shall be entered against Borrower by any court of competent jurisdiction under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable state or federal law relating to bankruptcy, reorganization or other relief for
debtors.
(f) The filing of a notice of judgment lien against Borrower, or the recording of any abstract of judgment against
Borrower in any county in which Borrower has an interest in real property, or the service of a notice of levy and/or of a writ of attachment or execution, or other like process, against the assets of Borrower, or the entry of a judgment against
Borrower, if the related claim involves at least Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000.00) or such other amount that would cause aggregate outstanding claims against Borrower in respect of any or all of the foregoing to exceed Five Million Dollars
($5,000,000.00); or any involuntary petition or proceeding pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable state or federal law relating to bankruptcy, reorganization or other relief for debtors is filed or commenced against Borrower.

(g) There shall exist or occur any event or condition that Bank in good faith believes impairs, or is substantially to
impair, the prospect of payment or performance by Borrower of its obligations under any of the Loan Documents.
(h) The
dissolution or liquidation of Borrower; or Borrower, or any of its directors, stockholders or members, shall take action seeking to effect the dissolution or liquidation of Borrower.

(i) Any change in ownership during the term of this Agreement in the common stock of Borrower.

(j) Except as permitted by Section 5.6, any event that would restrict the declaration or payment of dividends and distributions from
Borrower to Corp or limit Borrower’s ability to do so or Corp’s ability to receive the same.
SECTION 6.2. REMEDIES.
Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default: (a) all indebtedness of Borrower under each of the Loan Documents, any term thereof to the contrary notwithstanding, shall at Bank’s option and without notice become immediately due and payable
without presentment, demand, protest or notice of dishonor, all of which are hereby expressly waived by Borrower; (b) the obligation, if any, of Bank to extend any further credit under any of the Loan Documents shall immediately cease and
terminate; and (c) Bank shall have all rights,


10









powers and remedies available under each of the Loan Documents, or accorded by law, including without limitation the right to resort to any or all security for any credit subject hereto and to
exercise any or all of the rights of a beneficiary or secured party pursuant to applicable law. All rights, powers and remedies of Bank may be exercised at any time by Bank and from time to time after the occurrence of an Event of Default, are
cumulative and not exclusive, and shall be in addition to any other rights, powers or remedies provided by law or equity.

ARTICLE VII

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 7.1. NO WAIVER. No delay, failure or discontinuance of Bank in exercising any right, power or remedy under any of the Loan
Documents shall affect or operate as a waiver of such right, power or remedy; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude, waive or otherwise affect any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of
any other right, power or remedy. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind by Bank of any breach of or default under any of the Loan Documents must be in writing and shall be effective only to the extent set forth in such writing.

SECTION 7.2. NOTICES. All notices, requests and demands which any party is required or may desire to give to any other party
under any provision of this Agreement must be in writing delivered to each party at the following address:



BORROWER:	 	SAN JOSE WATER COMPANY
110 W. Taylor Street
San Jose, CA 95110

BANK:	 	WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
Santa Clara Valley RCBO
121 S. Market Street, 2nd Floor
San Jose, CA 95113

or to such other address as any party
may designate by written notice to all other parties. Each such notice, request and demand shall be deemed given or made as follows: (a) if sent by hand delivery, upon delivery; (b) if sent by mail, upon the earlier of the date of receipt
or three (3) days after deposit in the U.S. mail, first class and postage prepaid; and (c) if sent by telecopy, upon receipt.

SECTION 7.3. COSTS, EXPENSES AND ATTORNEYS’ FEES. Borrower shall pay to Bank immediately upon demand the full amount of all
payments, advances, charges, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees (to include outside counsel fees and all allocated costs of Bank’s in-house counsel), expended or incurred by Bank in connection with (a) the
negotiation and preparation of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, Bank’s continued administration hereof and thereof, and the preparation of any amendments and waivers hereto and thereto, (b) the enforcement of Bank’s rights
and/or the collection of any amounts which become due to Bank under any of the Loan Documents, and (c) the prosecution or defense of any action in any way related to any of the Loan Documents, including without limitation, any action for
declaratory relief, whether incurred at the trial or appellate level, in an arbitration proceeding or otherwise, and including any of the foregoing incurred in connection with any bankruptcy proceeding (including without limitation, any adversary
proceeding, contested matter or motion brought by Bank or any other person) relating to Borrower or any other person or entity.


11








SECTION 7.4. SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties; provided however, that Borrower may not assign or transfer its interests or rights hereunder without Bank’s prior written consent.
Bank reserves the right to sell, assign, transfer, negotiate or grant participations in all or any part of, or any interest in, Bank’s rights and benefits under each of the Loan Documents. In connection therewith, Bank may disclose all
documents and information which Bank now has or may hereafter acquire relating to any credit subject hereto, Borrower or its business, or any collateral required hereunder.

SECTION 7.5. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENT. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire agreement between Borrower
and Bank with respect to each credit subject hereto and supersede all prior credit agreements (including, without limitation, that certain Credit Agreement dated August 1, 2001, as amended from time to time), negotiations, communications,
discussions and correspondence concerning the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be amended or modified only in writing signed by each party hereto.

SECTION 7.6. NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement is made and entered into for the sole protection and benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and no other person or entity shall be a third party beneficiary of, or have any direct or indirect cause of action or claim in connection with, this Agreement or any other of the Loan
Documents to which it is not a party.
SECTION 7.7. TIME. Time is of the essence of each and every provision of this Agreement
and each other of the Loan Documents.
SECTION 7.8. SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS. If any provision of this Agreement shall be
prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity without invalidating the remainder of such provision or any remaining provisions of this Agreement.

SECTION 7.9. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall
be deemed to be an original, and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.
SECTION 7.10.
GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California.

SECTION 7.11. ARBITRATION.

(a) Arbitration. The parties hereto agree, upon demand by any party, to submit to binding arbitration all claims, disputes and
controversies between or among them (and their respective employees, officers, directors, attorneys, and other agents), whether in tort, contract or otherwise in any way arising out of or relating to (i) any credit subject hereto, or any of the
Loan Documents, and their negotiation, execution, collateralization, administration, repayment, modification, extension, substitution, formation, inducement, enforcement, default or termination; or (ii) requests for additional credit.



12








(b) Governing Rules. Any arbitration proceeding will (i) proceed in a location
in California selected by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”); (ii) be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (Title 9 of the United States Code), notwithstanding any conflicting choice of law provision in any of the
documents between the parties; and (iii) be conducted by the AAA, or such other administrator as the parties shall mutually agree upon, in accordance with the AAA’s commercial dispute resolution procedures, unless the claim or counterclaim
is at least $1,000,000.00 exclusive of claimed interest, arbitration fees and costs in which case the arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the AAA’s optional procedures for large, complex commercial disputes (the commercial dispute
resolution procedures or the optional procedures for large, complex commercial disputes to be referred to herein, as applicable, as the “Rules”). If there is any inconsistency between the terms hereof and the Rules, the terms and
procedures set forth herein shall control. Any party who fails or refuses to submit to arbitration following a demand by any other party shall bear all costs and expenses incurred by such other party in compelling arbitration of any dispute. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to be a waiver by any party that is a bank of the protections afforded to it under 12 U.S.C. §91 or any similar applicable state law.

(c) No Waiver of Provisional Remedies, Self-Help and Foreclosure. The arbitration requirement does not limit the right of any
party to (i) foreclose against real or personal property collateral; (ii) exercise self-help remedies relating to collateral or proceeds of collateral such as setoff or repossession; or (iii) obtain provisional or ancillary remedies
such as replevin, injunctive relief, attachment or the appointment of a receiver, before during or after the pendency of any arbitration proceeding. This exclusion does not constitute a waiver of the right or obligation of any party to submit any
dispute to arbitration or reference hereunder, including those arising from the exercise of the actions detailed in sections (i), (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph.

(d) Arbitrator Qualifications and Powers. Any arbitration proceeding in which the amount in controversy is $5,000,000.00 or less
will be decided by a single arbitrator selected according to the Rules, and who shall not render an award of greater than $5,000,000.00. Any dispute in which the amount in controversy exceeds $5,000,000.00 shall be decided by majority vote of a
panel of three arbitrators; provided however, that all three arbitrators must actively participate in all hearings and deliberations. The arbitrator will be a neutral attorney licensed in the State of California or a neutral retired judge of the
state or federal judiciary of California, in either case with a minimum of ten years experience in the substantive law applicable to the subject matter of the dispute to be arbitrated. The arbitrator will determine whether or not an issue is
arbitratable and will give effect to the statutes of limitation in determining any claim. In any arbitration proceeding the arbitrator will decide (by documents only or with a hearing at the arbitrator’s discretion) any pre-hearing motions
which are similar to motions to dismiss for failure to state a claim or motions for summary adjudication. The arbitrator shall resolve all disputes in accordance with the substantive law of California and may grant any remedy or relief that a court
of such state could order or grant within the scope hereof and such ancillary relief as is necessary to make effective any award. The arbitrator shall also have the power to award recovery of all costs and fees, to impose sanctions and to take such
other action as the arbitrator deems necessary to the same extent a judge could pursuant to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, the California Rules of Civil Procedure or other applicable law. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may
be entered in any court having jurisdiction. The institution and maintenance of an action for judicial relief or pursuit of a provisional or ancillary remedy shall not constitute a waiver of the right of any party, including the plaintiff, to submit
the controversy or claim to arbitration if any other party contests such action for judicial relief.


13








(e) Discovery. In any arbitration proceeding, discovery will be permitted in
accordance with the Rules. All discovery shall be expressly limited to matters directly relevant to the dispute being arbitrated and must be completed no later than 20 days before the hearing date. Any requests for an extension of the discovery
periods, or any discovery disputes, will be subject to final determination by the arbitrator upon a showing that the request for discovery is essential for the party’s presentation and that no alternative means for obtaining information is
available.
(f) Class Proceedings and Consolidations. No party hereto shall be entitled to join or consolidate disputes
by or against others in any arbitration, except parties who have executed any Loan Document, or to include in any arbitration any dispute as a representative or member of a class, or to act in any arbitration in the interest of the general public or
in a private attorney general capacity.
(g) Payment Of Arbitration Costs And Fees. The arbitrator shall award
all costs and expenses of the arbitration proceeding.
(h) Real Property Collateral; Judicial Reference.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no dispute shall be submitted to arbitration if the dispute concerns indebtedness secured directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, by any real property unless (i) the holder of the mortgage,
lien or security interest specifically elects in writing to proceed with the arbitration, or (ii) all parties to the arbitration waive any rights or benefits that might accrue to them by virtue of the single action rule statute of California,
thereby agreeing that all indebtedness and obligations of the parties, and all mortgages, liens and security interests securing such indebtedness and obligations, shall remain fully valid and enforceable. If any such dispute is not submitted to
arbitration, the dispute shall be referred to a referee in accordance with California Code of Civil Procedure Section 638 et seq., and this general reference agreement is intended to be specifically enforceable in accordance with said
Section 638. A referee with the qualifications required herein for arbitrators shall be selected pursuant to the AAA’s selection procedures. Judgment upon the decision rendered by a referee shall be entered in the court in which such
proceeding was commenced in accordance with California Code of Civil Procedure Sections 644 and 645.
(i)
Miscellaneous. To the maximum extent practicable, the AAA, the arbitrators and the parties shall take all action required to conclude any arbitration proceeding within 180 days of the filing of the dispute with the AAA. No arbitrator or other
party to an arbitration proceeding may disclose the existence, content or results thereof, except for disclosures of information by a party required in the ordinary course of its business or by applicable law or regulation. If more than one
agreement for arbitration by or between the parties potentially applies to a dispute, the arbitration provision most directly related to the Loan Documents or the subject matter of the dispute shall control. This arbitration provision shall survive
termination, amendment or expiration of any of the Loan Documents or any relationship between the parties.
(j) Small
Claims Court. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each party retains the right to pursue in Small Claims Court any dispute within that court’s jurisdiction. Further, this arbitration provision shall apply only to disputes in
which either party seeks to recover an amount of money (excluding attorneys’ fees and costs) that exceeds the jurisdictional limit of the Small Claims Court.



14








IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the
day and year first written above.



WELLS FARGO BANK,
SAN JOSE WATER COMPANY	 		 	  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By:	 	 /s/ W. Richard Roth
By:	 	 /s/ Kevin W. Herr

W. Richard Roth	 		 		 	Kevin W. Herr
President	 		 		 	Vice President

By:	 	 /s. David Green

David Green
Chief Financial Officer



15










WELLS FARGO	  	REVOLVING LINE OF CREDIT NOTE

$75,000,000,00	  	San Jose, California


May 27, 2010
FOR VALUE
RECEIVED, the undersigned San Jose Water Company (“Borrower”) promises to pay to the order of WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (“Bank”) at its office at Santa Clara Valley RCBO, 121 S. Market Street, 2nd Floor, San Jose, CA
95113, or at such other place as the holder hereof may designate, in lawful money of the United States of America and in immediately available funds, the principal sum of $75,000,000.00, or so much thereof as may be advanced and be outstanding, with
interest thereon, to be computed on each advance from the date of its disbursement as set forth herein.
1. DEFINITIONS:

As used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth after each, and any other term defined in this Note shall have the
meaning set forth at the place defined:
1.1 “Business Day” means any day except a Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which
commercial banks in California are authorized or required by law to close.
1.2 “Fixed Rate Term” means a period commencing on a
Business Day and continuing for 1, 2, 3 or 6 months, as designated by Borrower, during which all or a portion of the outstanding principal balance of this Note bears interest determined in relation to LlBOR; provided however, that no Fixed Rate Term
may be selected for a principal amount less than $500,000.00; and provided further, that no Fixed Rate Term shall extend beyond the scheduled maturity date hereof. If any Fixed Rate Term would end on a day which is not a Business Day, then such
Fixed Rate Term shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day.
1.3 “LIBOR” means the rate per annum (rounded upward, if
necessary, to the nearest whole 1/8 of 1%) determined by dividing Base LlBOR by a percentage equal to 100% less any LlBOR Reserve Percentage.

(a) “Base LlBOR” means the rate per annum for United States dollar deposits quoted by Bank as the Inter-Bank Market Offered
Rate, with the understanding that such rate is quoted by Bank for the purpose of calculating effective rates of interest for loans making reference thereto, on the first day of a Fixed Rate Term for delivery of funds on said date for a period of
time approximately equal to the number of days in such Fixed Rate Term and in an amount approximately equal to the principal amount to which such Fixed Rate Term applies. Borrower understands and agrees that Bank may base its quotation of the
Inter-Bank Market Offered Rate upon such offers or other market indicators of the Inter-Bank Market as Bank in its discretion deems appropriate including, but not limited to, the rate offered for U.S. dollar deposits on the London Inter-Bank Market.

(b) “LlBOR Reserve Percentage” means the reserve percentage prescribed by the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System (or any successor) for “Eurocurrency Liabilities” (as defined in Regulation D of the Federal Reserve Board, as amended), adjusted by Bank for expected changes in such reserve percentage during the applicable Fixed Rate Term.

1.4 “Prime Rate” means at any time the rate of interest most recently announced within Bank at its principal office as its Prime
Rate, with the understanding that the Prime Rate is one of Bank’s base rates and serves as the basis upon which effective rates of interest are calculated for those loans making reference thereto, and is evidenced by the recording thereof after
its announcement in such internal publication or publications as Bank may designate.







2. INTEREST:

2.1 Interest. The outstanding principal balance of this Note shall bear interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed) either
(a) at a fluctuating rate per annum 1.00000% below the Prime Rate in effect from time to time, or (b) at a fixed rate per annum determined by Bank to be 1.37500% above LlBOR in effect on the first day of the applicable Fixed Rate Term.
When interest is determined in relation to the Prime Rate, each change In the rate of interest hereunder shall become effective on the date each Prime Rate change is announced within Bank. With respect to each LlBOR selection option selected
hereunder, Bank is hereby authorized to note the date, principal amount, interest rate and Fixed Rate Term applicable thereto and any payments made thereon on Bank’s books and records (either manually or by electronic entry) and/or on any
schedule attached to this Note, which notations shall be prima facie evidence of the accuracy of the information noted.
2.2 Selection of
Interest Rate Options. At any time any portion of this Note bears interest determined in relation to LlBOR, it may be continued by Borrower at the end of the Fixed Rate Term applicable thereto so that all or a portion thereof bears interest
determined in relation to the Prime Rate or to LlBOR for a new Fixed Rate Term designated by Borrower. At any time any portion of this Note bears interest determined in relation to the Prime Rate, Borrower may convert all or a portion thereof so
that it bears interest determined in relation to LlBOR for a Fixed Rate Term designated by Borrower. At such time as Borrower requests an advance hereunder or wishes to select a LlBOR option for all or a portion of the outstanding principal balance
hereof, and at the end of each Fixed Rate Term, Borrower shall give Bank notice specifying: (a) the interest rate option selected by Borrower; (b) the principal amount subject thereto; and (c) for each LlBOR selection, the length of
the applicable Fixed Rate Term. Any such notice may be given by telephone (or such other electronic method as Bank may permit) so long as, with respect to each LlBOR selection, (i) if requested by Bank, Borrower provides to Bank written
confirmation thereof not later than 3 Business Days after such notice is given, and (ii) such notice is given to Bank prior to 10:00 a.m. on the first day of the Fixed Rate Term, or at a later time during any Business Day if Bank, at it’s
sole option but without obligation to do so, accepts Borrower’s notice and quotes a fixed rate to Borrower. If Borrower does not immediately accept a fixed rate when quoted by Bank, the quoted rate shall expire and any subsequent LlBOR request
from Borrower shall be subject to a redetermination by Bank of the applicable fixed rate. If no specific designation of interest is made at the time any advance is requested hereunder or at the end of any Fixed Rate Term, Borrower shall be deemed to
have made a Prime Rate interest selection for such advance or the principal amount to which such Fixed Rate Term applied.
2.3 Taxes and
Regulatory Costs. Borrower shall pay to Bank immediately upon demand, in addition to any other amounts due or to become due hereunder, any and all (a) withholdings, interest equalization taxes, stamp taxes or other taxes (except income and
franchise taxes) imposed by any domestic or foreign governmental authority and related in any manner to LlBOR, and (b) future, supplemental, emergency or other changes in the LlBOR Reserve Percentage, assessment rates imposed by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation, or similar requirements or costs imposed by any domestic or foreign governmental authority or resulting from compliance by Bank with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any central
bank or other governmental authority and related in any manner to LlBOR to the extent they are not included in the calculation of LlBOR. In determining which of the foregoing are attributable to any LlBOR option available to Borrower hereunder, any
reasonable allocation made by Bank among its operations shall be conclusive and binding upon Borrower.
2.4 Payment of Interest. Interest
accrued on this Note shall be payable on the 1st day of each month, commencing June 1, 2010.
2.5 Default Interest. From and after the
maturity date of this Note, or such earlier date as all principal owing hereunder becomes due and payable by acceleration or otherwise, or at Bank’s option upon the occurrence, and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the outstanding
principal balance of this Note shall bear interest at an increased rate per annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed) equal to 4% above the rate of interest from time to time applicable to this Note.







3. BORROWING AND REPAYMENT:

3.1 Borrowing and Repayment. Borrower may from time to time during the term of this Note borrow, partially or wholly repay its outstanding borrowings, and
reborrow, subject to all of the limitations, terms and conditions of this Note and of the Credit Agreement between Borrower and Bank defined below; provided however, that the total outstanding borrowings under this Note shall not at any time exceed
the principal amount stated above. The unpaid principal balance of this obligation at any time shall be the total amounts advanced hereunder by the holder hereof less the amount of principal payments made hereon by or for Borrower, which balance may
be endorsed hereon from time to time by the holder. The outstanding principal balance of this Note shall be due and payable in full on June 1, 2012.

3.2 Advances. Advances hereunder, to the total amount of the principal sum available hereunder, may be made by the holder at the oral or written request
of (a) W. Richard Roth, Angela Yip, Suzy Papazian, Wendy Walker, Clarice Tam, David Green, anyone acting alone, who are authorized to request advances and direct the disposition of any advances until written notice of the revocation of such
authority is received by the holder at the office designated above, or (b) any person, with respect to advances deposited to the credit of any deposit account of Borrower, which advances, when so deposited, shall be conclusively presumed to
have been made to or for the benefit of Borrower regardless of the fact that persons other than those authorized to request advances may have authority to draw against such account. The holder shall have no obligation to determine whether any person
requesting an advance is or has been authorized by Borrower.
3.3 Application of Payments. Each payment made on this Note shall be credited
first, to any interest then due and second, to the outstanding principal balance hereof. All payments credited to principal shall be applied first, to the outstanding principal balance of this Note which bears interest determined in relation to the
Prime Rate, if any, and second, to the outstanding principal balance of this Note which bears interest determined in relation to LIBOR, with such payments applied to the oldest Fixed Rate Term first.

4. PREPAYMENT:
4.1 Prime Rate. Borrower may
prepay principal on any portion of this Note which bears interest determined in relation to the Prime Rate at any time, in any amount and without penalty.

4.2 LIBOR. Borrower may prepay principal on any portion of this Note which bears interest determined in relation to LIBOR at any time and in the minimum
amount of $100,000,00; provided however, that if the outstanding principal balance of such portion of this Note is less than said amount, the minimum prepayment amount shall be the entire outstanding principal balance thereof. In consideration of
Bank providing this prepayment option to Borrower, or if any such portion of this Note shall become due and payable at any time prior to the last day of the Fixed Rate Term applicable thereto by acceleration or otherwise, Borrower shall pay to Bank
immediately upon demand a fee which is the sum of the discounted monthly differences for each month from the month of prepayment through the month in which such Fixed Rate Term matures, calculated as follows for each such month:

(a) Determine the amount of interest which would have accrued each month on the amount prepaid at the interest rate applicable to such
amount had it remained outstanding until the last day of the Fixed Rate Term applicable thereto.
(b) Subtract from the amount
determined in (a) above the amount of interest which would have accrued for the same month on the amount prepaid for the remaining term of such Fixed Rate Term at LIBOR in effect on the date of prepayment for new loans made for such term and in
a principal amount equal to the amount prepaid.
(c) If the result obtained in (b) for any month is greater than zero,
discount that difference by LIBOR used in (b) above.







Borrower acknowledges that prepayment of such amount may result in Bank incurring additional costs, expenses
and/or liabilities, and that it is difficult to ascertain the full extent of such costs, expenses and/or liabilities. Borrower, therefore, agrees to pay the above-described prepayment fee and agrees that said amount represents a reasonable estimate
of the prepayment costs, expenses and/or liabilities of Bank. If Borrower fails to pay any prepayment fee when due, the amount of such prepayment fee shall thereafter bear interest until paid at a rate per annum 2.000% above the Prime Rate in effect
from time to time (computed on the basis of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed).
5. EVENTS OF DEFAULT:

This Note is made pursuant to and is subject to the terms and conditions of that certain Credit Agreement between Borrower and Bank dated
as of May 27, 2010, as amended from time to time (the “Credit Agreement”). Any default in the payment or performance of any obligation under this Note, or any defined event of default under the Credit Agreement, shall constitute an
“Event of Default” under this Note.
6. MISCELLANEOUS:

6.1 Remedies. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, the holder of this Note, at the holder’s option, may declare all sums of principal and
interest outstanding hereunder to be immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, notice of nonperformance, notice of protest, protest or notice of dishonor, all of which are expressly waived by Borrower, and the obligation, if any, of
the holder to extend any further credit hereunder shall immediately cease and terminate. Borrower shall pay to the holder immediately upon demand the full amount of all payments, advances, charges, costs and expenses, including reasonable
attorneys’ fees (to include outside counsel fees and all allocated costs of the holder’s in-house counsel), expended or incurred by the holder in connection with the enforcement of the holder’s rights and/or the collection of any
amounts which become due to the holder under this Note, and the prosecution or defense of any action in any way related to this Note, including without limitation, any action for declaratory relief, whether incurred at the trial or appellate level,
in an arbitration proceeding or otherwise, and including any of the foregoing incurred in connection with any bankruptcy proceeding (including without limitation, any adversary proceeding, contested matter or motion brought by Bank or any other
person) relating to Borrower or any other person or entity.
6.2 Obligations Joint and Several. Should more than one person or entity sign
this Note as a Borrower, the obligations of each such Borrower shall be joint and several.
6.3 Governing Law. This Note shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Note as of the
date first written above.



San Jose Water Company

By:	 	 /s/ W. Richard Roth

W. Richard Roth, President

By:	 	 /s/ David Green

David Green, Chief Financial Officer


