






Credit Agreement



Exhibit 10.1
CREDIT AGREEMENT
THIS CREDIT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is entered
into effective as of December 1, 2010, by and between NATURAL ALTERNATIVES INTERNATIONAL, INC., a Delaware corporation (“Borrower”), and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (“Bank”).

RECITALS

Borrower has requested that Bank extend or continue credit to Borrower as described below, and Bank has agreed to provide such credit to
Borrower on the terms and conditions contained herein.
NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Bank and Borrower hereby agree as follows:
ARTICLE I

CREDIT TERMS
SECTION 1.1. LINE OF CREDIT.
(a) Line of Credit. Subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, Bank hereby agrees to make advances to Borrower from time to time up to and including November 1, 2012, not to exceed at any time the aggregate principal amount of Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000.00) (“Line
of Credit”), the proceeds of which shall be used first, to refinance Borrower’s existing line of credit with Bank, and second, to finance Borrower’s working capital requirements. Borrower’s obligation to repay advances under the
Line of Credit shall be evidenced by a promissory note dated as of December 1, 2010 (“Line of Credit Note”), all terms of which are incorporated herein by this reference.

(b) Borrowing and Repayment. Borrower may from time to time during the term of the Line of Credit borrow, partially or wholly
repay its outstanding borrowings, and reborrow, subject to all of the limitations, terms and conditions contained herein or in the Line of Credit Note; provided however, that the total outstanding borrowings under the Line of Credit shall not at any
time exceed the maximum principal amount available thereunder, as set forth above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower shall maintain a zero balance on advances under the Line of Credit for a period of at least thirty (30) consecutive days
during each fiscal year.
SECTION 1.2. INTEREST/FEES.

(a) Interest. The outstanding principal balance of each credit subject hereto shall bear interest at the rate of interest set
forth in each promissory note or other instrument or document executed in connection therewith.
(b) Computation and
Payment. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed. Interest shall be payable at the times and place set forth in each promissory note or other instrument or document required hereby.

(c) Commitment Fee. Borrower shall pay to Bank a non-refundable commitment fee for the Line of Credit equal to $25,000.00, which
fee shall be payable in two installments, with the first such installment in the amount of $12,500.00 payable on the date this Agreement is












executed by Borrower and delivered to Bank, and with the second such installment in the amount of $12,500.00 payable on December 1, 2011.

SECTION 1.3. COLLECTION OF PAYMENTS. Borrower authorizes Bank to collect all interest and fees due under each credit subject hereto by
charging Borrower’s primary checking account with Bank, or any other deposit account maintained by Borrower with Bank, for the full amount thereof. Should there be insufficient funds in any such deposit account to pay all such sums when due,
the full amount of such deficiency shall be immediately due and payable by Borrower.
SECTION 1.4. COLLATERAL.

As security for all indebtedness and other obligations of Borrower to Bank under the Line of Credit, Borrower hereby grants to Bank
security interests of first priority in all Borrower’s accounts receivable and other rights to payment, general intangibles, inventory, equipment and fixtures.
All of the foregoing shall be evidenced by and subject to the terms of such security agreements, financing statements, deeds or mortgages, and other documents as Bank shall reasonably require, all in form
and substance satisfactory to Bank. Borrower shall pay to Bank immediately upon demand the full amount of all charges, costs and expenses (to include fees paid to third parties and all allocated costs of Bank personnel), expended or incurred by Bank
in connection with any of the foregoing security, including without limitation, filing and recording fees and costs of appraisals, audits and title insurance.
ARTICLE II
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Borrower makes the following representations and warranties to Bank, which representations and warranties shall survive the execution of
this Agreement and shall continue in full force and effect until the full and final payment, and satisfaction and discharge, of all obligations of Borrower to Bank subject to this Agreement.

SECTION 2.1. LEGAL STATUS. Borrower is a corporation, duly organized and existing and in good standing under the laws of Delaware, and is
qualified or licensed to do business (and is in good standing as a foreign corporation, if applicable) in all jurisdictions in which such qualification or licensing is required or in which the failure to so qualify or to be so licensed could have a
material adverse effect on Borrower.
SECTION 2.2. AUTHORIZATION AND VALIDITY. This Agreement and each promissory note,
contract, instrument and other document required hereby or at any time hereafter delivered to Bank in connection herewith (collectively, the “Loan Documents”) have been duly authorized, and upon their execution and delivery in accordance
with the provisions hereof will constitute legal, valid and binding agreements and obligations of Borrower or the party which executes the same, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be
affected by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, and except as the availability of certain equitable remedies may be limited by certain equitable principles of general applicability.

SECTION 2.3. NO VIOLATION. The execution, delivery and performance by Borrower of each of the Loan Documents do not violate
any provision of any law or regulation, or












contravene any provision of the Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws of Borrower, or result in any breach of or default under any contract, obligation, indenture or other instrument to which
Borrower is a party or by which Borrower may be bound.
SECTION 2.4. LITIGATION. There are no pending, or to the best of
Borrower’s knowledge threatened, actions, claims, investigations, suits or proceedings by or before any governmental authority, arbitrator, court or administrative agency which could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or
operation of Borrower other than those disclosed by Borrower to Bank in writing prior to the date hereof.
SECTION 2.5.
CORRECTNESS OF FINANCIAL STATEMENT. The annual financial statement of Borrower dated June 30, 2010, and all interim financial statements delivered to Bank since said date, true copies of which have been delivered by Borrower to Bank prior to
the date hereof, (a) are complete and correct and present fairly the financial condition of Borrower, (b) disclose all liabilities of Borrower that are required to be reflected or reserved against under generally accepted accounting
principles, whether liquidated or unliquidated, fixed or contingent, and (c) have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied. Since the dates of such financial statements there has been no
material adverse change in the financial condition of Borrower, nor has Borrower mortgaged, pledged, granted a security interest in or otherwise encumbered any of its assets or properties except in favor of Bank or as otherwise permitted by Bank in
writing.
SECTION 2.6. INCOME TAX RETURNS. Borrower has no knowledge of any pending assessments or adjustments of its income
tax payable with respect to any year.
SECTION 2.7. NO SUBORDINATION. There is no agreement, indenture, contract or instrument
to which Borrower is a party or by which Borrower may be bound that requires the subordination in right of payment of any of Borrower’s obligations subject to this Agreement to any other obligation of Borrower.

SECTION 2.8. PERMITS, FRANCHISES. Borrower possesses, and will hereafter possess, all permits, consents, approvals, franchises and
licenses required and rights to all trademarks, trade names, patents, and fictitious names, if any, necessary to enable it to conduct the business in which it is now engaged in compliance with applicable law.

SECTION 2.9. ERISA. Borrower is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable provisions of the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended or recodified from time to time (“ERISA”); Borrower has not violated any provision of any defined employee pension benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) maintained or contributed to by Borrower (each, a
“Plan”); no Reportable Event as defined in ERISA has occurred and is continuing with respect to any Plan initiated by Borrower; Borrower has met its minimum funding requirements under ERISA with respect to each Plan; and each Plan will be
able to fulfill its benefit obligations as they come due in accordance with the Plan documents and under generally accepted accounting principles.
SECTION 2.10. OTHER OBLIGATIONS. Borrower is not in default on any obligation for borrowed money, any purchase money obligation or any other material lease, commitment, contract, instrument or obligation.

SECTION 2.11. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS. Except as disclosed by Borrower to Bank in writing prior to the date hereof, Borrower is
in compliance in all material respects with all












applicable federal or state environmental, hazardous waste, health and safety statutes, and any rules or regulations adopted pursuant thereto, which govern or affect any of Borrower’s
operations and/or properties, including without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, the Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery
Act of 1976, and the Federal Toxic Substances Control Act, as any of the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. None of the operations of Borrower is the subject of any federal or state investigation evaluating whether any
remedial action involving a material expenditure is needed to respond to a release of any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the environment. Borrower has no material contingent liability in connection with any release of any toxic or
hazardous waste or substance into the environment.
ARTICLE III

CONDITIONS

SECTION 3.1. CONDITIONS OF INITIAL EXTENSION OF CREDIT. The obligation of Bank to extend any credit contemplated by this Agreement is
subject to the fulfillment to Bank’s satisfaction of all of the following conditions:
(a) Approval of Bank
Counsel. All legal matters incidental to the extension of credit by Bank shall be satisfactory to Bank’s counsel.

(b) Documentation. Bank shall have received, in form and substance satisfactory to Bank, each of the following, duly executed:



(i)	This Agreement and each promissory note or other instrument or document required hereby.




(ii)	Corporate Resolution: Borrowing.



(iii)	Certificate of Incumbency.



(iv)	Continuing Security Agreement: Rights to Payment and Inventory.



(v)	Security Agreement: Equipment and Fixtures.



(vi)	Waiver of Landlord or Mortgagee (Fixtures).



(vii)	Such other documents as Bank may require under any other Section of this Agreement.


(c) Financial Condition. There shall have been no material adverse change, as determined by Bank, in the financial condition or
business of Borrower, nor any material decline, as determined by Bank, in the market value of any collateral required hereunder or a substantial or material portion of the assets of Borrower.

(d) Insurance. Borrower shall have delivered to Bank evidence of insurance coverage on all Borrower’s property, in form,
substance, amounts, covering risks and issued by companies satisfactory to Bank, and where required by Bank, with loss payable endorsements in favor of Bank.
SECTION 3.2. CONDITIONS OF EACH EXTENSION OF CREDIT. The obligation of Bank to make each extension of credit requested by Borrower hereunder shall be subject to the fulfillment to Bank’s satisfaction
of each of the following conditions:











(a) Compliance. The representations and warranties contained herein and in each of
the other Loan Documents shall be true on and as of the date of the signing of this Agreement and on the date of each extension of credit by Bank pursuant hereto, with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on
and as of each such date, and on each such date, no Event of Default as defined herein, and no condition, event or act which with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both would constitute such an Event of Default, shall have occurred and
be continuing or shall exist.
(b) Documentation. Bank shall have received all additional documents which may be
required in connection with such extension of credit.
ARTICLE IV

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS
Borrower covenants that so long as Bank remains committed to extend credit to Borrower pursuant hereto, or any liabilities (whether direct or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated) of Borrower to Bank
under any of the Loan Documents remain outstanding, and until payment in full of all obligations of Borrower subject hereto, Borrower shall, unless Bank otherwise consents in writing:

SECTION 4.1. PUNCTUAL PAYMENTS. Punctually pay all principal, interest, fees or other liabilities due under any of the Loan Documents at
the times and place and in the manner specified therein.
SECTION 4.2. ACCOUNTING RECORDS. Maintain adequate books and records
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied, and permit any representative of Bank, at any reasonable time, to inspect, audit and examine such books and records, to make copies of the same, and to inspect the
properties of Borrower.
SECTION 4.3. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Provide to Bank all of the following, in form and detail
satisfactory to Bank:
(a) not later than 90 days after and as of the end of each fiscal year, a copy of Borrower’s 10K
report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission, prepared by a certified public accountant acceptable to Bank;
(b) not
later than 30 days after and as of the end of each fiscal year, annual financial projections, prepared by Borrower on a quarterly basis, to include balance sheet, income statement and statement of cash flow;

(c) not later than 45 days after and as of the end of each fiscal quarter, a copy of Borrower’s IOQ report filed with the Securities
Exchange Commission, prepared by a certified public accountant acceptable to Bank;
(d) from time to time such other
information as Bank may reasonably request.
SECTION 4.4. COMPLIANCE. Preserve and maintain all licenses, permits,
governmental approvals, rights, privileges and franchises necessary for the conduct of its business; and comply with the provisions of all documents pursuant to which Borrower is organized and/or which govern Borrower’s continued existence and
with the requirements of all












laws, rules, regulations and orders of any governmental authority applicable to Borrower and/or its business.
SECTION 4.5. INSURANCE. Maintain and keep in force, for each business in which Borrower is engaged, insurance of the types and in amounts customarily carried in similar lines of business, including but
not limited to fire, extended coverage, public liability, flood, property damage and workers’ compensation, with all such insurance carried with companies and in amounts satisfactory to Bank, and deliver to Bank from time to time at Bank’s
request schedules setting forth all insurance then in effect.
SECTION 4.6. FACILITIES. Keep all properties useful or
necessary to Borrower’s business in good repair and condition, and from time to time make necessary repairs, renewals and replacements thereto so that such properties shall be fully and efficiently preserved and maintained.

SECTION 4.7. TAXES AND OTHER LIABILITIES. Pay and discharge when due any and all indebtedness, obligations, assessments and taxes, both
real or personal, including without limitation federal and state income taxes and state and local property taxes and assessments, except (a) such as Borrower may in good faith contest or as to which a bona fide dispute may arise, and
(b) for which Borrower has made provision, to Bank’s satisfaction, for eventual payment thereof in the event Borrower is obligated to make such payment.
SECTION 4.8. LITIGATION. Promptly give notice in writing to Bank of any litigation pending or threatened against Borrower.
SECTION 4.9. FINANCIAL CONDITION. Maintain Borrower’s financial condition as follows using generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied and used consistently with prior practices
(except to the extent modified by the definitions herein):
(a) Total Liabilities divided by Tangible Net Worth not greater
than 1.25 to 1.0 at any time, with “Total Liabilities” defined as the aggregate of current liabilities and non-current liabilities less subordinated debt, and with “Tangible Net Worth” defined as the aggregate of total
stockholders’ equity plus subordinated debt less any intangible assets.
(b) Net income after taxes not less than
$750,000.00, determined on a trailing 4-quarter basis as of the end of each calendar quarter, commencing with the 4-quarter period ending December 31, 2010.
SECTION 4.10. NOTICE TO BANK. Promptly (but in no event more than five (5) days after the occurrence of each such event or matter) give written notice to Bank in reasonable detail of: (a) the
occurrence of any Event of Default, or any condition, event or act which with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both would constitute an Event of Default; (b) any change in the name or the organizational structure of Borrower;
(c) the occurrence and nature of any Reportable Event or Prohibited Transaction, each as defined in ERISA, or any funding deficiency with respect to any Plan; or (d) any termination or cancellation of any insurance policy which Borrower is
required to maintain, or any uninsured or partially uninsured loss through liability or property damage, or through fire, theft or any other cause affecting Borrower’s property.











ARTICLE V
NEGATIVE COVENANTS
Borrower further covenants that so long as Bank
remains committed to extend credit to Borrower pursuant hereto, or any liabilities (whether direct or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated) of Borrower to Bank under any of the Loan Documents remain outstanding, and until payment in full of all
obligations of Borrower subject hereto, Borrower will not without Bank’s prior written consent:
SECTION 5.1. USE OF
FUNDS. Use any of the proceeds of any credit extended hereunder except for the purposes stated in Article I hereof.
SECTION
5.2. CAPITAL EXPENDITURES. Make any additional investment in fixed assets in any fiscal year in excess of an aggregate of $5,500,000.00.
SECTION 5.3. LEASE EXPENDITURES. Incur operating lease expense in any fiscal year in excess of an aggregate of $500,000.00.
SECTION 5.4. OTHER INDEBTEDNESS. Create, incur, assume or permit to exist any indebtedness or liabilities resulting from borrowings, loans or advances, whether secured or unsecured, matured or unmatured,
liquidated or unliquidated, joint or several, except (a) the liabilities of Borrower to Bank, (b) any other liabilities of Borrower existing as of, and disclosed to Bank prior to, the date hereof, (c) liabilities not to exceed an
aggregate of $5,500,000.00 resulting from investment in fixed assets permitted under Section 5.2 hereof, and (d) liabilities obtained for NAI Europe not to exceed an aggregate of $1,000,000.00.

SECTION 5.5. MERGER, CONSOLIDATION, TRANSFER OF ASSETS. Merge into or consolidate with any other entity; make any substantial change in
the nature of Borrower’s business as conducted as of the date hereof; acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any other entity; nor sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial or material portion of
Borrower’s assets except in the ordinary course of its business.
SECTION 5.6. GUARANTIES. Guarantee or become liable in
any way as surety, endorser (other than as endorser of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business), accommodation endorser or otherwise for, nor pledge or hypothecate any assets of Borrower as security for,
any liabilities or obligations of any other person or entity, except any of the foregoing in favor of Bank or existing as of, and disclosed to Bank prior to, the date hereof.
SECTION 5.7. LOANS, ADVANCES, INVESTMENTS. Make any loans or advances to or investments in any person or entity, except (a) any of the foregoing existing as of, and disclosed to Bank prior to, the
date hereof, and (b) loans and advances made hereafter so long as the outstanding principal balance thereof does not at any time exceed $100,000.00 in the aggregate.
SECTION 5.8. DIVIDENDS, DISTRIBUTIONS. Declare or pay any dividend or distribution either in cash, stock or any other property on Borrower’s stock now or hereafter outstanding, nor redeem, retire,
repurchase or otherwise acquire any shares of any class of Borrower’s stock now or hereafter outstanding.











SECTION 5.9. PLEDGE OF ASSETS. Mortgage, pledge, grant or permit to exist a security
interest in, or lien upon, all or any portion of Borrower’s assets now owned or hereafter acquired, except (a) any of the foregoing in favor of Bank or which is existing as of, and disclosed to Bank in writing prior to, the date hereof and
(b) liens to the extent they secure other liabilities permitted under Section 5.4 hereof.
ARTICLE VI

EVENTS OF DEFAULT
SECTION 6.1. The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an “Event of Default” under this Agreement:
(a) Borrower shall fail to pay when due any principal, interest, fees or other amounts payable under any of the Loan Documents.
(b) Any financial statement or certificate furnished to Bank in connection with, or any representation or warranty made by Borrower or any other party under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall
prove to be incorrect, false or misleading in any material respect when furnished or made.
(c) Any default in the performance
of or compliance with any obligation, agreement or other provision contained herein or in any other Loan Document (other than those specifically described as an “Event of Default” in this section 6.1), and with respect to any such default
that by its nature can be cured, such default shall continue for a period of twenty (20) days from its occurrence.
(d)
Any default in the payment or performance of any obligation, or any defined event of default, under the terms of any contract, instrument or document (other than any of the Loan Documents) pursuant to which Borrower, any guarantor hereunder or any
general partner or joint venturer in Borrower if a partnership or joint venture (with each such guarantor, general partner and/or joint venturer referred to herein as a “Third Party Obligor”) has incurred any debt or other liability to any
person or entity, including Bank.
(e) Borrower or any Third Party Obligor shall become insolvent, or shall suffer or consent
to or apply for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or liquidator of itself or any of its property, or shall generally fail to pay its debts as they become due, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; Borrower
or any Third Party Obligor shall file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or seeking reorganization, in order to effect a plan or other arrangement with creditors or any other relief under the Bankruptcy Reform Act, Title 11 of the United States
Code, as amended or recodified from time to time (“Bankruptcy Code”), or under any state or federal law granting relief to debtors, whether now or hereafter in effect; or Borrower or any Third Party Obligor shall file an answer admitting
the jurisdiction of the court and the material allegations of any involuntary petition; or Borrower or any Third Party Obligor shall be adjudicated a bankrupt, or an order for relief shall be entered against Borrower or any Third Party Obligor by
any court of competent jurisdiction under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable state or federal law relating to bankruptcy, reorganization or other relief for debtors.
(f) The filing of a notice of judgment lien against Borrower or any Third Party Obligor; or the recording of any abstract of judgment against Borrower or any Third Party Obligor in any county in which
Borrower or such Third Party Obligor has an interest in real property; or the












service of a notice of levy and/or of a writ of attachment or execution, or other like process, against the assets of Borrower or any Third Party Obligor; or the entry of a judgment against
Borrower or any Third Party Obligor; or any involuntary petition or proceeding pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable state or federal law relating to bankruptcy, reorganization or other relief for debtors is filed or commenced
against Borrower or any Third Party Obligor.
(g) There shall exist or occur any event or condition that Bank in good faith
believes impairs, or is substantially to impair, the prospect of payment or performance by Borrower, any Third Party Obligor, or the general partner of either if such entity is a partnership, of its obligations under any of the Loan Documents.

(h) The death or incapacity of Borrower or any Third Party Obligor if an individual. The dissolution or liquidation of
Borrower or any Third Party Obligor if a corporation, partnership, joint venture or other type of entity; or Borrower or any such Third Party Obligor, or any of its directors, stockholders or members, shall take action seeking to effect the
dissolution or liquidation of Borrower or such Third Party Obligor.
(i) Any change in control of Borrower or any entity or
combination of entities that directly or indirectly control Borrower, with “control” defined as ownership of an aggregate of twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the common stock, members’ equity or other ownership interest
(other than a limited partnership interest).
SECTION 6.2. REMEDIES. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default: (a) all
indebtedness of Borrower under each of the Loan Documents, any term thereof to the contrary notwithstanding, shall at Bank’s option and without notice become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or notice of
dishonor, all of which are hereby expressly waived by Borrower; (b) the obligation, if any, of Bank to extend any further credit under any of the Loan Documents shall immediately cease and terminate; and (c) Bank shall have all rights,
powers and remedies available under each of the Loan Documents, or accorded by law, including without limitation the right to resort to any or all security for any credit subject hereto and to exercise any or all of the rights of a beneficiary or
secured party pursuant to applicable law. All rights, powers and remedies of Bank may be exercised at any time by Bank and from time to time after the occurrence of an Event of Default, are cumulative and not exclusive, and shall be in addition to
any other rights, powers or remedies provided by law or equity.
ARTICLE VII

MISCELLANEOUS
SECTION 7.1. NO WAIVER. No delay, failure or discontinuance of Bank in exercising any right, power or remedy under any of the Loan Documents shall affect or operate as a waiver of such right, power or
remedy; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude, waive or otherwise affect any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. Any waiver, permit, consent or
approval of any kind by Bank of any breach of or default under any of the Loan Documents must be in writing and shall be effective only to the extent set forth in such writing.

SECTION 7.2. NOTICES. All notices, requests and demands which any party is required or may desire to give to any other party under any
provision of this Agreement must be in writing delivered to each party at the following address:














BORROWER:	  	 NATURAL ALTERNATIVES INTERNATIONAL, INC.
1185 Linda Vista Drive
San Marcos, CA 92078


BANK:	  	 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
San Diego Regional Commercial Banking Office
401 B Street, Suite 2201

San Diego, CA 92101


or to
such other address as any party may designate by written notice to all other parties. Each such notice, request and demand shall be deemed given or made as follows: (a) if sent by hand delivery, upon delivery; (b) if sent by mail, upon the
earlier of the date of receipt or three (3) days after deposit in the U.S. mail, first class and postage prepaid; and (c) if sent by telecopy, upon receipt.
SECTION 7.3. COSTS, EXPENSES AND ATTORNEYS’ FEES. Borrower shall pay to Bank immediately upon demand the full amount of all payments, advances, charges, costs and expenses, including reasonable
attorneys’ fees (to include outside counsel fees and all allocated costs of Bank’s in-house counsel), expended or incurred by Bank in connection with (a) the negotiation and preparation of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents,
Bank’s continued administration hereof and thereof, and the preparation of any amendments and waivers hereto and thereto, (b) the enforcement of Bank’s rights and/or the collection of any amounts which become due to Bank under any of
the Loan Documents, and (c) the prosecution or defense of any action in any way related to any of the Loan Documents, including without limitation, any action for declaratory relief, whether incurred at the trial or appellate level, in an
arbitration proceeding or otherwise, and including any of the foregoing incurred in connection with any bankruptcy proceeding (including without limitation, any adversary proceeding, contested matter or motion brought by Bank or any other person)
relating to Borrower or any other person or entity.
SECTION 7.4. SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties; provided however, that Borrower may not assign or transfer its interests or rights hereunder without Bank’s prior
written consent. Bank reserves the right to sell, assign, transfer, negotiate or grant participations in all or any part of, or any interest in, Bank’s rights and benefits under each of the Loan Documents. In connection therewith, Bank may
disclose all documents and information which Bank now has or may hereafter acquire relating to any credit subject hereto, Borrower or its business, or any collateral required hereunder.

SECTION 7.5. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENT. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire agreement between Borrower
and Bank with respect to each credit subject hereto and supersede all prior negotiations, communications, discussions and correspondence concerning the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be amended or modified only in writing signed by each
party hereto.
SECTION 7.6. NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement is made and entered into for the sole protection and
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and no other person or entity shall be a third party beneficiary of, or have any direct or indirect cause of action or claim in connection with, this Agreement or
any other of the Loan Documents to which it is not a party.











SECTION 7.7. TIME. Time is of the essence of each and every provision of this Agreement and
each other of the Loan Documents.
SECTION 7.8. SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS. If any provision of this Agreement shall be
prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity without invalidating the remainder of such provision or any remaining provisions of this Agreement.

SECTION 7.9. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall
be deemed to be an original, and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.
SECTION 7.10.
GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California.

SECTION 7.11. ARBITRATION.
(a) Arbitration. The parties hereto agree, upon demand by any party, to submit to binding arbitration all claims, disputes and controversies between or among them (and their respective employees,
officers, directors, attorneys, and other agents), whether in tort, contract or otherwise in any way arising out of or relating to (i) any credit subject hereto, or any of the Loan Documents, and their negotiation, execution, collateralization,
administration, repayment, modification, extension, substitution, formation, inducement, enforcement, default or termination; or (ii) requests for additional credit.
(b) Governing Rules. Any arbitration proceeding will (i) proceed in a location in San Diego County, California, selected by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”); (ii) be
governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (Title 9 of the United States Code), notwithstanding any conflicting choice of law provision in any of the documents between the parties; and (iii) be conducted by the AAA, or such other administrator as
the parties shall mutually agree upon, in accordance with the AAA’s commercial dispute resolution procedures, unless the claim or counterclaim is at least $1,000,000.00 exclusive of claimed interest, arbitration fees and costs in which case the
arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the AAA’s optional procedures for large, complex commercial disputes (the commercial dispute resolution procedures or the optional procedures for large, complex commercial disputes to be
referred to herein, as applicable, as the “Rules”). If there is any inconsistency between the terms hereof and the Rules, the terms and procedures set forth herein shall control. Any party who fails or refuses to submit to arbitration
following a demand by any other party shall bear all costs and expenses incurred by such other party in compelling arbitration of any dispute. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to be a waiver by any party that is a bank of the protections
afforded to it under 12 U.S.C. §91 or any similar applicable state law.
(c) No Waiver of Provisional Remedies,
Self-Help and Foreclosure. The arbitration requirement does not limit the right of any party to (i) foreclose against real or personal property collateral; (ii) exercise self-help remedies relating to collateral or proceeds of
collateral such as setoff or repossession; or (iii) obtain provisional or ancillary remedies such as replevin, injunctive relief, attachment or the appointment of a receiver, before during or after the pendency of any arbitration proceeding.
This exclusion does not constitute a waiver of the right or obligation of any party to submit any dispute to arbitration or reference hereunder, including












those arising from the exercise of the actions detailed in sections (i), (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph.
(d) Arbitrator Qualifications and Powers. Any arbitration proceeding in which the amount in controversy is $5,000,000.00 or less will be decided by a single arbitrator selected according to the
Rules, and who shall not render an award of greater than $5,000,000.00. Any dispute in which the amount in controversy exceeds $5,000,000.00 shall be decided by majority vote of a panel of three arbitrators; provided however, that all three
arbitrators must actively participate in all hearings and deliberations. The arbitrator will be a neutral attorney licensed in the State of California or a neutral retired judge of the state or federal judiciary of California, in either case with a
minimum of ten years experience in the substantive law applicable to the subject matter of the dispute to be arbitrated. The arbitrator will determine whether or not an issue is arbitratable and will give effect to the statutes of limitation in
determining any claim. In any arbitration proceeding the arbitrator will decide (by documents only or with a hearing at the arbitrator’s discretion) any pre-hearing motions which are similar to motions to dismiss for failure to state a claim or
motions for summary adjudication. The arbitrator shall resolve all disputes in accordance with the substantive law of California and may grant any remedy or relief that a court of such state could order or grant within the scope hereof and such
ancillary relief as is necessary to make effective any award. The arbitrator shall also have the power to award recovery of all costs and fees, to impose sanctions and to take such other action as the arbitrator deems necessary to the same extent a
judge could pursuant to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, the California Rules of Civil Procedure or other applicable law. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. The institution and
maintenance of an action for judicial relief or pursuit of a provisional or ancillary remedy shall not constitute a waiver of the right of any party, including the plaintiff, to submit the controversy or claim to arbitration if any other party
contests such action for judicial relief.
(e) Discovery. In any arbitration proceeding, discovery will be permitted in
accordance with the Rules. All discovery shall be expressly limited to matters directly relevant to the dispute being arbitrated and must be completed no later than 20 days before the hearing date. Any requests for an extension of the discovery
periods, or any discovery disputes, will be subject to final determination by the arbitrator upon a showing that the request for discovery is essential for the party’s presentation and that no alternative means for obtaining information is
available.
(f) Class Proceedings and Consolidations. No party hereto shall be entitled to join or consolidate disputes
by or against others in any arbitration, except parties who have executed any Loan Document, or to include in any arbitration any dispute as a representative or member of a class, or to act in any arbitration in the interest of the general public or
in a private attorney general capacity.
(g) Payment Of Arbitration Costs And Fees. The arbitrator shall award all
costs and expenses of the arbitration proceeding.
(h) Real Property Collateral; Judicial Reference. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, no dispute shall be submitted to arbitration if the dispute concerns indebtedness secured directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, by any real property unless (i) the holder of the mortgage, lien or security
interest specifically elects in writing to proceed with the arbitration, or (ii) all parties to the arbitration waive any rights or benefits that might accrue to them by virtue of the single action rule statute of California, thereby agreeing
that all indebtedness and obligations of the parties, and all mortgages, liens and security interests securing such indebtedness and obligations, shall remain fully valid and enforceable. If any such dispute is













not submitted to arbitration, the dispute shall be referred to a referee in accordance with California Code of Civil Procedure Section 638 et seq., and this general reference agreement is
intended to be specifically enforceable in accordance with said Section 638. A referee with the qualifications required herein for arbitrators shall be selected pursuant to the AAA’s selection procedures. Judgment upon the decision
rendered by a referee shall be entered in the court in which such proceeding was commenced in accordance with California Code of Civil Procedure Sections 644 and 645.
(i) Miscellaneous. To the maximum extent practicable, the AAA, the arbitrators and the parties shall take all action required to conclude any arbitration proceeding within 180 days of the filing of
the dispute with the AAA. No arbitrator or other party to an arbitration proceeding may disclose the existence, content or results thereof, except for disclosures of information by a party required in the ordinary course of its business or by
applicable law or regulation. If more than one agreement for arbitration by or between the parties potentially applies to a dispute, the arbitration provision most directly related to the Loan Documents or the subject matter of the dispute shall
control. This arbitration provision shall survive termination, amendment or expiration of any of the Loan Documents or any relationship between the parties.
(j) Small Claims Court. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each party retains the right to pursue in Small Claims Court any dispute within that court’s jurisdiction. Further,
this arbitration provision shall apply only to disputes in which either party seeks to recover an amount of money (excluding attorneys’ fees and costs) that exceeds the jurisdictional limit of the Small Claims Court.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed effective as of the day and year first written above.




NATURAL ALTERNATIVES

INTERNATIONAL, INC.
WELLS FARGO BANK,

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION


By:	 	 /s/ Mark A. LeDoux
By:	 	 /s/ Bernie K. Palmer

Mark A. LeDoux	 		 		 	Bernie K. Palmer
Chief Executive Officer	 		 		 	Vice President

By:	 	 /s/ Kenneth E. Wolf

Kenneth E. Wolf
Chief Financial Officer






