









<PAGE>

CREDIT AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT is entered into as of June 15, 1998, by and between
ROTONICS MANUFACTURING INC., a Delaware corporation ("Borrower"), and WELLS
FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("Bank").

RECITAL

Borrower has requested from Bank the credit accommodations described
below (each, a "Credit" and collectively, the "Credits"), and Bank has agreed
to provide the Credits to Borrower on the terms and conditions contained
herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, Bank and Borrower hereby agree as follows:


ARTICLE I
THE CREDITS

SECTION 1.1.   LINE OF CREDIT.

(a)  LINE OF CREDIT.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Bank has agreed to make advances to Borrower from time to time up
to and including October 1, 2000, not to exceed at any time the aggregate
principal amount of Seven Million Dollars ($7,000,000.00) ("Line of Credit"),
the proceeds of which shall be used for Borrower's working capital
requirements.  Borrower's obligation to repay advances under the Line of
Credit is evidenced by a promissory note substantially in the form of Exhibit
A attached hereto ("Line of Credit Note"), all terms of which are
incorporated herein by this reference.

(b)  LETTER OF CREDIT SUBFEATURE.  As a subfeature under the Line of
Credit, Bank has agreed from time to time during the term thereof to issue
standby letters of credit for the account of Borrower to finance a note
payable to seller of Rotocast (each, a "Letter of Credit" and collectively,
"Letters of Credit"); provided however, that the form and substance of each
Letter of Credit shall be subject to approval by Bank, in its sole
discretion; and provided further, that the aggregate undrawn amount of all
outstanding Letters of Credit shall not at any time exceed Two Million
Dollars ($2,000,000.00).  Each Letter of Credit shall be issued for a term
not to exceed eighteen (18) months, as designated by Borrower; provided
however, that no Letter of Credit shall have an expiration date subsequent to
the maturity date of the Line of Credit.  The undrawn amount of all Letters
of Credit shall be reserved under the Line of Credit and shall not be
available for borrowings thereunder.  Each Letter of Credit shall be subject
to the additional terms and conditions of


<PAGE>

the Letter of Credit Agreement and related documents, if any, required by
Bank in connection with the issuance thereof (each, a "Letter of Credit
Agreement" and collectively, "Letter of Credit Agreements").  Each draft paid
by Bank under a Letter of Credit shall be deemed an advance under the Line of
Credit and shall be repaid by Borrower in accordance with the terms and
conditions of this Agreement applicable to such advances; provided however,
that if advances under the Line of Credit are not available, for any reason,
at the time any draft is paid by Bank, then Borrower shall immediately pay to
Bank the full amount of such draft, together with interest thereon from the
date such amount is paid by Bank to the date such amount is fully repaid by
Borrower, at the rate of interest applicable to advances under the Line of
Credit.  In such event Borrower agrees that Bank, in its sole discretion, may
debit any demand deposit account maintained by Borrower with Bank for the
amount of any such draft. Bank has issued a standby letter of credit for the
amount of Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000.00), which is outstanding as of the
date hereof and shall be deemed included within the definition of Letters of
Credit set forth herein.

(c)  BORROWING AND REPAYMENT.  Borrower may from time to time during the
term of the Line of Credit borrow, partially or wholly repay its outstanding
borrowings, and reborrow, subject to all of the limitations, terms and
conditions contained herein or in the Line of Credit Note; provided however,
that the total outstanding borrowings under the Line of Credit shall not at
any time exceed the maximum principal amount available thereunder, as set
forth above.

SECTION 1.2.   TERM LOAN A.

(a)  TERM LOAN A.  Bank has made a loan to Borrower in the original
principal amount of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00) ("Term Loan A"), on
which the outstanding principal balance as of the date hereof is $799,999.96.
Borrower's obligation to repay Term Loan A is evidenced by a promissory note
in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto ("Term Note A"), all terms of which
are incorporated herein by this reference.  Any reference in Term Note A to
any prior loan agreement between Bank and Borrower shall be deemed a
reference to this Agreement.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Bank hereby confirms that Term Loan A remains in full force and
effect.

(b)  REPAYMENT.  The principal amount of Term Loan A shall be repaid in
accordance with the provisions of Term Note A.

(c)  PREPAYMENT. Borrower may prepay principal on Term Loan A solely in
accordance with the provisions of Term Note A.


<PAGE>

SECTION 1.3.   TERM LOAN B.

(a)  TERM LOAN B.  Bank has made a loan to Borrower in the original
principal amount of Four Million Dollars ($4,000,000.00) ("Term Loan B"), on
which the outstanding principal balance as of the date hereof is
$1,533,321.00. Borrower's obligation to repay Term Loan B is evidenced by a
promissory note in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto ("Term Note B"), all
terms of which are incorporated herein by this reference.  Subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank hereby confirms that Term Loan B
remains in full force and effect.  Any reference in Term Note B to any prior
loan agreement between Bank and Borrower shall be deemed a reference to this
Agreement.

(b)  REPAYMENT.  The principal amount of Term Loan B shall be repaid in
accordance with the provisions of Term Note B.

(c)  PREPAYMENT. Borrower may prepay principal on Term Loan B solely in
accordance with the provisions of Term Note B.

SECTION 1.5.   TERM LOAN C.

(a)  TERM LOAN C.  Bank granted a term commitment to Borrower in the
original principal amount of Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000.00),
which has been fully disbursed ("Term Loan C"), and on which the outstanding
principal balance as of the date hereof is $389,830.46.  Borrower's
obligation to repay Term Loan C is evidenced by a promissory note in the form
of Exhibit D attached hereto ("Term Note C"), all terms of which are
incorporated herein by this reference.  Any reference in Term Note C to any
prior loan agreement between Bank and Borrower shall be deemed a reference to
this Agreement.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank
hereby confirms that Term Loan C remains in full force and effect.

(b)  REPAYMENT.  The principal amount of Term Loan C shall be repaid in
accordance with the provisions of Term Note C.

(c)  PREPAYMENT.  Borrower may prepay principal on Term Loan C at any
time, in any amount and without penalty.  All prepayments of principal shall
be applied on the most remote principal installment or installments then
unpaid.

SECTION 1.6.   TERM LOAN D.

(a)  TERM LOAN D.  Bank has made a loan to Borrower in the original
principal amount of Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000.00) ("Term Loan
D"), on which the outstanding principal balance as of the date hereof is
$291,650.00. Borrower's obligation to repay Term Loan D is evidenced by a
promissory note in the form of Exhibit E attached hereto ("Term Note D"), all
terms of which are incorporated herein by this reference.  Any reference in
Term Note D to any prior loan agreement between Bank


<PAGE>

and Borrower shall be deemed a reference to this Agreement.  Subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank hereby confirms that Term Loan D
remains in full force and effect.

(b)  REPAYMENT.  The principal amount of Term Loan D shall be repaid in
accordance with the provisions of Term Note D.

(c)  PREPAYMENT. Borrower may prepay principal on Term Loan D solely in
accordance with the provisions of Term Note D.

SECTION 1.7.   TERM LOAN E.

(a)  TERM LOAN E.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Bank hereby agrees to make a loan to Borrower in the principal
amount of Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000.00) ("Term Loan E"), the proceeds
of which shall be used to refinance an existing term loan originally used for
equipment purchases and for additional equipment purchases.  Borrower's
obligation to repay Term Loan E shall be evidenced by a promissory note
substantially in the form of Exhibit F attached hereto ("Term Note E"), all
terms of which are incorporated herein by this reference.  Bank's commitment
to grant Term Loan E shall terminate on July 15, 1998.

(b)  REPAYMENT.  The principal amount of Term Loan E shall be repaid in
accordance with the provisions of Term Note E.

(c)  PREPAYMENT.  Borrower may prepay principal on Term Loan E solely in
accordance with the provisions of Term Note E.

SECTION 1.8.   TERM LOAN F.

(a)  TERM LOAN F.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Bank hereby agrees to make a loan to Borrower in the principal
amount of Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000.00) ("Term Loan F"), the proceeds
of which shall be used for financing real properties.  Borrower's obligation
to repay Term Loan F shall be evidenced by a promissory note substantially in
the form of Exhibit G attached hereto ("Term Note F"), all terms of which are
incorporated herein by this reference.  Bank's commitment to grant Term Loan
F shall terminate on July 15, 1998.

(b)  REPAYMENT.  The principal amount of Term Loan F shall be repaid in
accordance with the provisions of Term Note F.

(c)  PREPAYMENT.  Borrower may prepay principal on Term Loan F solely in
accordance with the provisions of Term Note F.


<PAGE>

SECTION 1.9.   TERM COMMITMENT

(a)  TERM COMMITMENT.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Bank hereby agrees to make advances to Borrower from time to time
up to and including November 1, 1998, not to exceed the aggregate principal
amount of One Million Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($1,200,000.00) ("Term
Commitment"), on which the outstanding principal balance as of the date
hereof is $700,000.00, the proceeds of which shall be used to refinance an
existing Term Commitment used for equipment purchases and for additional
equipment purchases, and which shall be converted on November 1, 1998, to a
term loan, as described more fully below.  Borrower's obligation to repay
advances under the Term Commitment shall be evidenced by a promissory note
substantially in the form of Exhibit H attached hereto ("Term Commitment
Note"), all terms of which are incorporated herein by this reference.

(b)  LIMITATION ON BORROWINGS.  Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, the aggregate amount of all outstanding borrowings under the
Term Commitment shall not at any time exceed a maximum of eighty percent
(80%) of the cost of each item of new equipment purchased with the proceeds
thereof or seventy-five percent (75%) of the cost of each item of used
equipment purchased with proceeds thereof, as evidenced by the seller's
invoice.

(c)  BORROWING AND REPAYMENT.  Borrower may from time to time during the
period in which Bank will make advances under the Term Commitment borrow and
partially or wholly repay its outstanding borrowings, provided that amounts
repaid may not be reborrowed, subject to all the limitations, terms and
conditions contained herein; provided however, that the total outstanding
borrowings under the Term Commitment shall not exceed the maximum principal
amount available thereunder, as set forth above.  The principal amount of the
Term Commitment shall be repaid in accordance with the provisions of the Term
Commitment Note.

(d)  PREPAYMENT.  Borrower may prepay principal on the Term Commitment
solely in accordance with the provisions of the Term Commitment Note.

SECTION 1.10.  INTEREST/FEES.

(a)  INTEREST.  The outstanding principal balances of    Line of Credit,
Term Loan A, Term Loan B, Term Loan C, Term Loan D, Term Loan E, Term Loan F
and the Term Commitment shall bear interest at the rates of interest set
forth in the Line of Credit Note, Term Note A, Term Note B, Term Note C, Term
Note D, Term Note E, Term Note F and the Term Commitment Note (collectively,
the "Notes").


<PAGE>

(b)  COMPUTATION AND PAYMENT.  Interest shall be computed on the basis
of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed.  Interest shall be payable at the
times and place set forth in the Notes.

(c)  COMMITMENT FEE.  Borrower shall pay to Bank a non-refundable
commitment fee for the Line of Credit equal to one hundred twenty-five
hundredths percent (0.125%), which fee shall be due and payable in full on
the date of this Agreement.

(d)  LETTER OF CREDIT FEES.  Borrower shall pay to Bank fees upon the
issuance of each Letter of Credit, upon the payment or negotiation by Bank of
each draft under any Letter of Credit and upon the occurrence of any other
activity with respect to any Letter of Credit (including without limitation,
the transfer, amendment or cancellation of any Letter of Credit) determined
in accordance with Bank's standard fees and charges then in effect for such
activity.

SECTION 1.11.  COLLECTION OF PAYMENTS.  Borrower authorizes Bank to
collect all principal and interest due under each Credit by charging
Borrower's demand deposit account number 4624-074191 with Bank, or any other
demand deposit account maintained by Borrower with Bank, for the full amount
thereof.  Should there be insufficient funds in any such demand deposit
account to pay all such sums when due, the full amount of such deficiency
shall be immediately due and payable by Borrower.

SECTION 1.12.  COLLATERAL.

As security for all indebtedness of Borrower to Bank under the Line of
Credit, Term Loan A, Term Loan B, Term Loan C, Term Loan D, Term Loan E and
the Term Commitment, Borrower hereby grants to Bank security interests of
first priority in all Borrower's accounts receivable, other rights to payment
and general intangibles, inventory and equipment.

As security for all indebtedness of Borrower to Bank under the Line of
Credit, Term Loan A, Term Loan B, Term Loan C, Term Loan D, Term Loan E and
the Term Commitment, Borrower shall cause Rotocast International, Inc.,
Rotocast Management Corp., Rotocast Plastic Products, Inc., Nutron Plastic
Products, Inc., Wonder Products, Inc., Rotocast Plastic Products of Nevada,
Inc., Rotocast Plastic Products of Tennessee, Inc. and Rotocast Plastic
Products of Texas, Inc. to grant to Bank security interests of first priority
in all their accounts receivable, other rights to payment and general
intangibles, inventory and equipment.

As security for all security for all indebtedness of Borrower to Bank
under Term Loan F, Borrower hereby grants to Bank a lien of not less than
first priority on real properties located at 736-738 and 740-746 Birginal
Drive, Bensenville, Illinois 60106 and Highway I-35 at FM 1306, Gainesville,
Texas 76240.


<PAGE>

All of the foregoing shall be evidenced by and subject to the terms of
such security agreements, financing statements, deeds of trust and other
documents as Bank shall reasonably require, all in form and substance
satisfactory to Bank. Borrower shall reimburse Bank immediately upon demand
for all costs and expenses incurred by Bank in connection with any of the
foregoing security, including without limitation, filing and recording fees
and costs of appraisals, audits and title insurance.

ARTICLE II
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Borrower makes the following representations and warranties to Bank,
which representations and warranties shall survive the execution of this
Agreement and shall continue in full force and effect until the full and
final payment, and satisfaction and discharge, of all obligations of Borrower
to Bank subject to this Agreement.

SECTION 2.1.   LEGAL STATUS.  Borrower is a corporation, duly organized
and existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of Delaware,
and is qualified or licensed to do business (and is in good standing as a
foreign corporation, if applicable) in all jurisdictions in which such
qualification or licensing is required or in which the failure to so qualify
or to be so licensed could have a material adverse effect on Borrower.

SECTION 2.2.   AUTHORIZATION AND VALIDITY.  This Agreement, the Notes,
and each other document, contract and instrument required hereby or at any
time hereafter delivered to Bank in connection herewith (collectively, the
"Loan Documents") have been duly authorized, and upon their execution and
delivery in accordance with the provisions hereof will constitute legal,
valid and binding agreements and obligations of Borrower or the party which
executes the same, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms.

SECTION 2.3.   NO VIOLATION.  The execution, delivery and performance by
Borrower of each of the Loan Documents do not violate any provision of any
law or regulation, or contravene any provision of the Articles of
Incorporation or By-Laws of Borrower, or result in any breach of or default
under any contract, obligation, indenture or other instrument to which
Borrower is a party or by which Borrower may be bound.

SECTION 2.4.   LITIGATION.  There are no pending, or to the best of
Borrower's knowledge threatened, actions, claims, investigations, suits or
proceedings by or before any governmental authority, arbitrator, court or
administrative agency which could have a material adverse effect on the
financial condition or operation of Borrower other than those


<PAGE>

disclosed by Borrower to Bank in writing prior to the date hereof.

SECTION 2.5.   CORRECTNESS OF FINANCIAL STATEMENT.  The financial
statement of Borrower dated March 31,1998, a true copy of which has been
delivered by Borrower to Bank prior to the date hereof, (a) is complete and
correct and presents fairly the financial condition of Borrower, (b)
discloses all liabilities of Borrower that are required to be reflected or
reserved against under generally accepted accounting principles, whether
liquidated or unliquidated, fixed or contingent, and (c) has been prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently
applied.  Since the date of such financial statement there has been no
material adverse change in the financial condition of Borrower, nor has
Borrower mortgaged, pledged, granted a security interest in or otherwise
encumbered any of its assets or properties except in favor of Bank or as
otherwise permitted by Bank in writing.

SECTION 2.6.   INCOME TAX RETURNS.  Borrower has no knowledge of any
pending assessments or adjustments of its income tax payable with respect to
any year.

SECTION 2.7.   NO SUBORDINATION.  There is no agreement, indenture,
contract or instrument to which Borrower is a party or by which Borrower may
be bound that requires the subordination in right of payment of any of
Borrower's obligations subject to this Agreement to any other obligation of
Borrower.

SECTION 2.8.   PERMITS, FRANCHISES.  Borrower possesses, and will
hereafter possess, all permits, consents, approvals, franchises and licenses
required and rights to all trademarks, trade names, patents, and fictitious
names, if any, necessary to enable it to conduct the business in which it is
now engaged in compliance with applicable law.

SECTION 2.9.   ERISA.  Borrower is in compliance in all material
respects with all applicable provisions of the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended or recodified from time to time ("ERISA");
Borrower has not violated any provision of any defined employee pension
benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) maintained or contributed to by Borrower
(each, a "Plan"); no Reportable Event as defined in ERISA has occurred and is
continuing with respect to any Plan initiated by Borrower; Borrower has met
its minimum funding requirements under ERISA with respect to each Plan; and
each Plan will be able to fulfill its benefit obligations as they come due in
accordance with the Plan documents and under generally accepted accounting
principles.

SECTION 2.10.  OTHER OBLIGATIONS.  Borrower is not in default on any
obligation for borrowed money, any purchase money


<PAGE>

obligation or any other material lease, commitment, contract, instrument or
obligation.

SECTION 2.11.  ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS.  Except as disclosed by Borrower
to Bank in writing prior to the date hereof, Borrower is in compliance in all
material respects with all applicable federal or state environmental,
hazardous waste, health and safety statutes, and any rules or regulations
adopted pursuant thereto, which govern or affect any of Borrower's operations
and/or properties, including without limitation, the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, the Superfund
Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, the Federal Resource Conservation
and Recovery Act of 1976, and the Federal Toxic Substances Control Act, as
any of the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.
None of the operations of Borrower is the subject of any federal or state
investigation evaluating whether any remedial action involving a material
expenditure is needed to respond to a release of any toxic or hazardous waste
or substance into the environment. Borrower has no material contingent
liability in connection with any release of any toxic or hazardous waste or
substance into the environment.

SECTION 2.12.  REAL PROPERTY COLLATERAL.  Except as disclosed by
Borrower to Bank in writing prior to the date hereof, with respect to any
real property collateral required hereby:

(a)  All taxes, governmental assessments, insurance premiums, and water,
sewer and municipal charges, and rents (if any) which previously became due
and owing in respect thereof have been paid as of the date hereof.

(b)  There are no mechanics' or similar liens or claims which have been
filed for work, labor or material (and no rights are outstanding that under
law could give rise to any such lien) which affect all or any interest in any
such real property and which are or may be prior to or equal to the lien
thereon in favor of Bank.

(c)  None of the improvements which were included for purpose of
determining the appraised value of any such real property lies outside of the
boundaries and/or building restriction lines thereof, and no improvements on
adjoining properties materially encroach upon any such real property.

(d)  There is no pending, or to the best of Borrower's knowledge
threatened, proceeding for the total or partial condemnation of all or any
portion of any such real property, and all such real property is in good
repair and free and clear of any damage that would materially and adversely
affect the value thereof as security and/or the intended use thereof.


<PAGE>

ARTICLE III
CONDITIONS

SECTION 3.1.   CONDITIONS OF INITIAL EXTENSION OF CREDIT.  The
obligation of Bank to grant any of the Credits is subject to the fulfillment
to Bank's satisfaction of all of the following conditions:

(a)  APPROVAL OF BANK COUNSEL.  All legal matters incidental to the
granting of each of the Credits shall be satisfactory to Bank's counsel.

(b)  DOCUMENTATION.  Bank shall have received, in form and substance
satisfactory to Bank, each of the following, duly executed:

(i)  This Agreement and the Notes.
(ii)  Corporate Borrowing Resolution.
(iii)  Corporate Resolution: Third Party Collateral.
(iv)  Certificate of Incumbency.
(v)  Security Agreement: Equipment.
(vi)  Continuing Security Agreement: Rights to Payment and Inventory.
(vii)  Third Party Security Agreement: Equipment.
(viii)  Third Party Security Agreement: Rights to Payment and Inventory.
(ix)  UCC-1 Financing Statements.
(x)  Mortgage and Assignment of Rents and Leases.
(xi)  Amended and Restated Mortgage, and Assignment of Rents and Leases.
(xii)  Deed of Trust and Assignment of Rents and Leases.
(xiii)  Such other documents as Bank may require under any other Section of
this Agreement.

(c)  FINANCIAL CONDITION.  There shall have been no material adverse
change, as determined by Bank, in the financial condition or business of
Borrower, nor any material decline, as determined by Bank, in the market
value of any collateral required hereunder or a substantial or material
portion of the assets of Borrower.

(d)  INSURANCE.  Borrower shall have delivered to Bank evidence of
insurance coverage on all Borrower's property, in form, substance, amounts,
covering risks and issued by companies satisfactory to Bank, and where
required by Bank, with loss payable endorsements in favor of Bank, including
without limitation, policies of fire and extended coverage insurance covering
all real property collateral required hereby, with replacement cost and
mortgagee loss payable endorsements, and such policies of insurance against
specific hazards affecting any such real property as may be required by
governmental regulation or Bank.


<PAGE>

(e)  APPRAISALS.  Bank shall have obtained, at Borrower's cost, an
appraisal of all real property collateral required hereby, and all
improvements thereon, issued by an appraiser acceptable to Bank and in form,
substance and reflecting values satisfactory to Bank, in its discretion.

(f)  TITLE INSURANCE.  Bank shall have received an ALTA Policy of Title
Insurance, with such endorsements as Bank may require, issued by a company
and in form and substance satisfactory to Bank, in such amount as Bank shall
require, insuring Bank's lien on the real property collateral required hereby
to be of the priority set forth in Section 1.12 hereof, subject only to such
exceptions as Bank shall approve in its discretion, with all costs thereof to
be paid by Borrower.

(g)  TAX SERVICE CONTRACT.  Borrower shall have procured and delivered
to Bank, at Borrower's cost, such tax service contract as Bank shall require
for any real property collateral required hereby, to remain in effect as long
as such real property secures any obligations of Borrower to Bank as required
hereby.

SECTION 3.2.   CONDITIONS OF EACH EXTENSION OF CREDIT.  The obligation
of Bank to make each extension of credit requested by Borrower hereunder
shall be subject to the fulfillment to Bank's satisfaction of each of the
following conditions:

(a)  COMPLIANCE.  The representations and warranties contained herein
and in each of the other Loan Documents shall be true on and as of the date
of the signing of this Agreement and on the date of each extension of credit
by Bank pursuant hereto, with the same effect as though such representations
and warranties had been made on and as of each such date, and on each such
date, no Event of Default as defined herein, and no condition, event or act
which with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both would
constitute such an Event of Default, shall have occurred and be continuing or
shall exist.

(b)  DOCUMENTATION.  Bank shall have received all additional documents
which may be required in connection with such extension of credit.


<PAGE>

ARTICLE IV
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

Borrower covenants that so long as Bank remains committed to extend
credit to Borrower pursuant hereto, or any liabilities (whether direct or
contingent, liquidated or unliquidated) of Borrower to Bank under any of the
Loan Documents remain outstanding, and until payment in full of all
obligations of Borrower subject hereto, Borrower shall, unless Bank otherwise
consents in writing:

SECTION 4.1.   PUNCTUAL PAYMENTS.  Punctually pay all principal,
interest, fees or other liabilities due under any of the Loan Documents at
the times and place and in the manner specified therein, and immediately upon
demand by Bank, the amount by which the outstanding principal balance of any
of the Credits at any time exceeds any limitation on borrowings applicable
thereto.

SECTION 4.2.   ACCOUNTING RECORDS.  Maintain adequate books and records
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently
applied, and permit any representative of Bank, at any reasonable time, to
inspect, audit and examine such books and records, to make copies of the
same, and to inspect the properties of Borrower.

SECTION 4.3.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.  Provide to Bank all of the
following, in form and detail satisfactory to Bank:

(a)  not later than 120 days after and as of the end of each fiscal
year, a consolidated audited financial statement of Borrower, prepared by
certified public accountant acceptable to Bank, to include all schedules,
notes and narratives reasonably included in Borrower's 10K;

(b)  not later than 45 days after and as of the end of each fiscal
quarter, a consolidated financial statement of Borrower, prepared by
Borrower, to include all schedules, notes and narratives reasonably included
in Borrower's 10Q; and

(c)  from time to time such other information as Bank may reasonably
request.

SECTION 4.4.   COMPLIANCE.  Preserve and maintain all licenses, permits,
governmental approvals, rights, privileges and franchises necessary for the
conduct of its business; and comply with the provisions of all documents
pursuant to which Borrower is organized and/or which govern Borrower's
continued existence and with the requirements of all laws, rules, regulations
and orders of any governmental authority applicable to Borrower and/or its
business.


<PAGE>

SECTION 4.5.   INSURANCE.  Maintain and keep in force insurance of the
types and in amounts customarily carried in lines of business similar to that
of Borrower, including but not limited to fire, extended coverage, public
liability, flood, property damage and workers' compensation, with all such
insurance carried with companies and in amounts satisfactory to Bank, and
deliver to Bank from time to time at Bank's request schedules setting forth
all insurance then in effect.

SECTION 4.6.   FACILITIES.  Keep all properties useful or necessary to
Borrower's business in good repair and condition, and from time to time make
necessary repairs, renewals and replacements thereto so that such properties
shall be fully and efficiently preserved and maintained.

SECTION 4.7.   TAXES AND OTHER LIABILITIES.  Pay and discharge when due
any and all indebtedness, obligations, assessments and taxes, both real or
personal, including without limitation federal and state income taxes and
state and local property taxes and assessments, except such (a) as Borrower
may in good faith contest or as to which a bona fide dispute may arise, and
(b) for which Borrower has made provision, to Bank's satisfaction, for
eventual payment thereof in the event Borrower is obligated to make such
payment.

SECTION 4.8.   LITIGATION.  Promptly give notice in writing to Bank of
any litigation pending or threatened against Borrower with a claim in excess
of $100,000.00.

SECTION 4.9.   FINANCIAL CONDITION.  Maintain Borrower's financial
condition as follows using generally accepted accounting principles
consistently applied and used consistently with prior practices (except to
the extent modified by the definitions herein):

(a)  Current Ratio not at any time less than 1.25 to 1.00, measured as
of each fiscal quarter end, with "Current Ratio" defined as total current
assets divided by total current liabilities.

(b)  Tangible Net Worth not at any time less than $14,000,000.00,
measured as of each fiscal quarter end, with "Tangible Net Worth" defined as
the aggregate of total stockholders' equity plus subordinated debt less any
intangible assets.

(c)  Total Liabilities divided by Tangible Net Worth not at any time
greater than 1.25 to 1.00, measured as of each fiscal quarter end, with
"Total Liabilities" defined as the aggregate of current liabilities and
non-current liabilities less subordinated debt, and with "Tangible Net Worth"
as defined above.


<PAGE>

(d)  EBITDA Coverage Ratio not less than 1.5 to 1.0 as of each fiscal
quarter end measured on a rolling four-quarter basis; not less than 1.75 to
1.0, beginning at third fiscal quarter end of 1999; and not less than 2.0 to
1.0, beginning at first fiscal quarter end of 2000; and thereafter, with
"EBITDA" defined as net profit before tax plus interest expense (net of
capitalized interest expense), depreciation expense and amortization expense,
and with "EBITDA Coverage Ratio" defined as EBITDA divided by the aggregate
of total interest expense plus the prior period current maturity of long-term
debt and the prior period current maturity of subordinated debt.

SECTION 4.10.  NOTICE TO BANK.  Promptly (but in no event more than five
(5) days after the occurrence of each such event or matter) give written
notice to Bank in reasonable detail of:  (a) the occurrence of any Event of
Default, or any condition, event or act which with the giving of notice or
the passage of time or both would constitute an Event of Default; (b) any
change in the name or the organizational structure of Borrower; (c) the
occurrence and nature of any Reportable Event or Prohibited Transaction, each
as defined in ERISA, or any funding deficiency with respect to any Plan; or
(d) any termination or cancellation of any insurance policy which Borrower is
required to maintain, or any uninsured or partially uninsured loss through
liability or property damage, or through fire, theft or any other cause
affecting Borrower's property in excess of an aggregate of $50,000.00.

SECTION 4.11.  YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE.  Perform all acts reasonably
necessary to ensure that (a) Borrower and any business in which Borrower
holds a substantial interest, and (b) all customers, suppliers and vendors
that are material to Borrower's business, become Year 2000 Compliant in a
timely manner. Such acts shall include, without limitation, performing a
comprehensive review and assessment of all of Borrower's systems and adopting
a detailed plan, with itemized budget, for the remediation, monitoring and
testing of such systems. As used herein, "Year 2000 Compliant" shall mean, in
regard to any entity, that all software, hardware, firmware, equipment, goods
or systems utilized by or material to the business operations or financial
condition of such entity, will properly perform date sensitive functions
before, during and after the year 2000.  Borrower shall, immediately upon
request, provide to Bank such certifications or other evidence of Borrower's
compliance with the terms hereof as Bank may from time to time require.


<PAGE>

ARTICLE V
NEGATIVE COVENANTS

Borrower further covenants that so long as Bank remains committed to
extend credit to Borrower pursuant hereto, or any liabilities (whether direct
or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated) of Borrower to Bank under any of
the Loan Documents remain outstanding, and until payment in full of all
obligations of Borrower subject hereto, Borrower will not without Bank's
prior written consent:

SECTION 5.1.   USE OF FUNDS.  Use any of the proceeds of any of the
Credits except for the purposes stated in Article I hereof.

SECTION 5.2.   CAPITAL EXPENDITURES.  Make any additional investment in
fixed assets in any fiscal year in excess of an aggregate of $2,000,000.00.

SECTION 5.3.   LEASE EXPENDITURES.  Incur operating lease expense in any
fiscal year in excess of an aggregate of $200.000.00.

SECTION 5.4.   OTHER INDEBTEDNESS.  Create, incur, assume or permit to
exist any indebtedness or liabilities resulting from borrowings, loans or
advances, whether secured or unsecured, matured or unmatured, liquidated or
unliquidated, joint or several, except (a) the liabilities of Borrower to
Bank, and (b) any other liabilities of Borrower existing as of, and disclosed
to Bank prior to, the date hereof.

SECTION 5.5.   MERGER, CONSOLIDATION, TRANSFER OF ASSETS.  Merge into or
consolidate with any other entity; make any substantial change in the nature
of Borrower's business as conducted as of the date hereof; acquire all or
substantially all of the assets of any other entity; nor sell, lease,
transfer or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial or material portion of
Borrower's assets except in the ordinary course of its business.

SECTION 5.6.   GUARANTIES.  Guarantee or become liable in any way as
surety, endorser (other than as endorser of negotiable instruments for
deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business), accommodation
endorser or otherwise for, nor pledge or hypothecate any assets of Borrower
as security for, any liabilities or obligations of any other person or
entity, except any of the foregoing in favor of Bank.

SECTION 5.7.   LOANS, ADVANCES, INVESTMENTS.  Make any loans or advances
to or investments in any person or entity, except any of the foregoing
existing as of, and disclosed to Bank prior to, the date hereof.


<PAGE>

SECTION 5.8.   DIVIDENDS, DISTRIBUTIONS.  Declare or pay any dividend or
distribution either in cash, stock or any other property on Borrower's stock
now or hereafter outstanding, nor redeem, retire, repurchase or otherwise
acquire any shares of any class of Borrower's stock now or hereafter
outstanding.

SECTION 5.9.   PLEDGE OF ASSETS.  Mortgage, pledge, grant or permit to
exist a security interest in, or lien upon, all or any portion of Borrower's
assets now owned or hereafter acquired, except any of the foregoing in favor
of Bank or which is existing as of, and disclosed to Bank in writing prior
to, the date hereof.

ARTICLE VI
EVENTS OF DEFAULT

SECTION 6.1.   The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute
an "Event of Default" under this Agreement:

(a)  Borrower shall fail to pay when due any principal, interest, fees
or other amounts payable under any of the Loan Documents.

(b)  Any financial statement or certificate furnished to Bank in
connection with, or any representation or warranty made by Borrower or any
other party under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall prove to be
incorrect, false or misleading in any material respect when furnished or made.

(c)  Any default in the performance of or compliance with any
obligation, agreement or other provision contained herein or in any other
Loan Document (other than those referred to in subsections (a) and (b)
above), and with respect to any such default which by its nature can be
cured, such default shall continue for a period of twenty (20) days from its
occurrence.

(d)  Any default in the payment or performance of any obligation, or any
defined event of default, under the terms of any contract or instrument
(other than any of the Loan Documents) pursuant to which Borrower has
incurred any debt or other liability to any person or entity, including Bank.

(e)  The filing of a notice of judgment lien against Borrower; or the
recording of any abstract of judgment against Borrower in any county in which
Borrower has an interest in real property; or the service of a notice of levy
and/or of a writ of attachment or execution, or other like process, against
the assets of Borrower; or the entry of a judgment against Borrower.

(f)  Borrower shall become insolvent, or shall suffer or consent to or
apply for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or liquidator of
itself or any of its property, or


<PAGE>

shall generally fail to pay its debts as they become due, or shall make a
general assignment for the benefit of creditors; Borrower shall file a
voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or seeking reorganization, in order to
effect a plan or other arrangement with creditors or any other relief under
the Bankruptcy Reform Act, Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended or
recodified from time to time ("Bankruptcy Code"), or under any state or
federal law granting relief to debtors, whether now or hereafter in effect;
or any involuntary petition or proceeding pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code or
any other applicable state or federal law relating to bankruptcy,
reorganization or other relief for debtors is filed or commenced against
Borrower, or Borrower shall file an answer admitting the jurisdiction of the
court and the material allegations of any involuntary petition; or Borrower
shall be adjudicated a bankrupt, or an order for relief shall be entered
against Borrower by any court of competent jurisdiction under the Bankruptcy
Code or any other applicable state or federal law relating to bankruptcy,
reorganization or other relief for debtors.

(g)  There shall exist or occur any event or condition which Bank in
good faith believes impairs, or is substantially likely to impair, the
prospect of payment or performance by Borrower of its obligations under any
of the Loan Documents.

(h)  The death or incapacity of Borrower.  The dissolution or
liquidation of Borrower; or Borrower, or any of its directors, stockholders
or members, shall take action seeking to effect the dissolution or
liquidation of Borrower.

(i)  Any change in ownership during the term of this Agreement of an
aggregate of twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the common stock of
Borrower.

(j)  The sale, transfer, hypothecation, assignment or encumbrance,
whether voluntary, involuntary or by operation of law, without Bank's prior
written consent, of all or any part of or interest in any real property
collateral required hereby.

SECTION 6.2.   REMEDIES.  Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default:
(a) all indebtedness of Borrower under each of the Loan Documents, any term
thereof to the contrary notwithstanding, shall at Bank's option and without
notice become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand,
protest or notice of dishonor, all of which are hereby expressly waived by
each Borrower; (b) the obligation, if any, of Bank to extend any further
credit under any of the Loan Documents shall immediately cease and terminate;
and (c) Bank shall have all rights, powers and remedies available under each
of the Loan Documents, or accorded by law, including without limitation the
right to resort to any or all security for any of the Credits and to exercise
any or all of the rights of a beneficiary or secured party pursuant


<PAGE>

to applicable law.  All rights, powers and remedies of Bank may be exercised
at any time by Bank and from time to time after the occurrence of an Event of
Default, are cumulative and not exclusive, and shall be in addition to any
other rights, powers or remedies provided by law or equity.

ARTICLE VII
MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 7.1.   NO WAIVER.  No delay, failure or discontinuance of Bank
in exercising any right, power or remedy under any of the Loan Documents
shall affect or operate as a waiver of such right, power or remedy; nor shall
any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude,
waive or otherwise affect any other or further exercise thereof or the
exercise of any other right, power or remedy.  Any waiver, permit, consent or
approval of any kind by Bank of any breach of or default under any of the
Loan Documents must be in writing and shall be effective only to the extent
set forth in such writing.

SECTION 7.2.   NOTICES.  All notices, requests and demands which any
party is required or may desire to give to any other party under any
provision of this Agreement must be in writing delivered to each party at the
following address:

BORROWER:  ROTONICS MANUFACTURING INC.
17022 South Figueroa Street
Gardena, CA 90248


BANK:      WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
South Bay Regional Commercial Banking Office
111 W. Ocean Blvd., Suite 300
Long Beach, CA 90802

or to such other address as any party may designate by written notice to all
other parties.  Each such notice, request and demand shall be deemed given or
made as follows:  (a) if sent by hand delivery, upon delivery; (b) if sent by
mail, upon the earlier of the date of receipt or three (3) days after deposit
in the U.S. mail, first class and postage prepaid; and (c) if sent by
telecopy, upon receipt.

SECTION 7.3.   COSTS, EXPENSES AND ATTORNEYS' FEES.  Borrower shall pay
to Bank immediately upon demand the full amount of all payments, advances,
charges, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees (to include
outside counsel fees and all allocated costs of Bank's in-house counsel),
expended or incurred by Bank in connection with (a) the negotiation and
preparation of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, Bank's continued
administration hereof and thereof, and the preparation of any amendments and
waivers hereto and


<PAGE>

thereto, (b) the enforcement of Bank's rights and/or the collection of any
amounts which become due to Bank under any of the Loan Documents, and (c) the
prosecution or defense of any action in any way related to any of the Loan
Documents, including without limitation, any action for declaratory relief,
whether incurred at the trial or appellate level, in an arbitration
proceeding or otherwise, and including any of the foregoing incurred in
connection with any bankruptcy proceeding (including without limitation, any
adversary proceeding, contested matter or motion brought by Bank or any other
person) relating to any Borrower or any other person or entity.

SECTION 7.4.   SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNMENT.  This Agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, administrators, legal
representatives, successors and assigns of the parties; provided however,
that Borrower may not assign or transfer its interest hereunder without
Bank's prior written consent.  Bank reserves the right to sell, assign,
transfer, negotiate or grant participations in all or any part of, or any
interest in, Bank's rights and benefits under each of the Loan Documents.  In
connection therewith, Bank may disclose all documents and information which
Bank now has or may hereafter acquire relating to any of the Credits,
Borrower or its business, or any collateral required hereunder.

SECTION 7.5.   ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENT.  This Agreement and the
other Loan Documents constitute the entire agreement between Borrower and
Bank with respect to the Credits and supersede all prior negotiations,
communications, discussions and correspondence concerning the subject matter
hereof.  This Agreement may be amended or modified only in writing signed by
each party hereto.

SECTION 7.6.   NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES.  This Agreement is made and
entered into for the sole protection and benefit of the parties hereto and
their respective permitted successors and assigns, and no other person or
entity shall be a third party beneficiary of, or have any direct or indirect
cause of action or claim in connection with, this Agreement or any other of
the Loan Documents to which it is not a party.

SECTION 7.7.   TIME.  Time is of the essence of each and every provision
of this Agreement and each other of the Loan Documents.

SECTION 7.8.   SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS.  If any provision of this
Agreement shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such
provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or
invalidity without invalidating the remainder of such provision or any
remaining provisions of this Agreement.


<PAGE>

SECTION 7.9.   COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in any
number of counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be
deemed to be an original, and all of which when taken together shall
constitute one and the same Agreement.

SECTION 7.10.  GOVERNING LAW.  This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California.

SECTION 7.11.  ARBITRATION.

(a)  ARBITRATION.  Upon the demand of any party, any Dispute shall be
resolved by binding arbitration (except as set forth in (e) below) in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  A "Dispute" shall mean any
action, dispute, claim or controversy of any kind, whether in contract or
tort, statutory or common law, legal or equitable, now existing or hereafter
arising under or in connection with, or in any way pertaining to, any of the
Loan Documents, or any past, present or future extensions of credit and other
activities, transactions or obligations of any kind related directly or
indirectly to any of the Loan Documents, including without limitation, any of
the foregoing arising in connection with the exercise of any self-help,
ancillary or other remedies pursuant to any of the Loan Documents.  Any party
may by summary proceedings bring an action in court to compel arbitration of
a Dispute.  Any party who fails or refuses to submit to arbitration following
a lawful demand by any other party shall bear all costs and expenses incurred
by such other party in compelling arbitration of any Dispute.

(b)  GOVERNING RULES.  Arbitration proceedings shall be administered by
the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") or such other administrator as
the parties shall mutually agree upon in accordance with the AAA Commercial
Arbitration Rules.  All Disputes submitted to arbitration shall be resolved
in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act (Title 9 of the United States
Code), notwithstanding any conflicting choice of law provision in any of the
Loan Documents.  The arbitration shall be conducted at a location in
California selected by the AAA or other administrator.  If there is any
inconsistency between the terms hereof and any such rules, the terms and
procedures set forth herein shall control.  All statutes of limitation
applicable to any Dispute shall apply to any arbitration proceeding.  All
discovery activities shall be expressly limited to matters directly relevant
to the Dispute being arbitrated. Judgment upon any award rendered in an
arbitration may be entered in any court having jurisdiction; provided
however, that nothing contained herein shall be deemed to be a waiver by any
party that is a bank of the protections afforded to it under 12 U.S.C.
Section 91 or any similar applicable state law.


<PAGE>

(c)   NO WAIVER; PROVISIONAL REMEDIES, SELF-HELP AND FORECLOSURE.  No
provision hereof shall limit the right of any party to exercise self-help
remedies such as setoff, foreclosure against or sale of any real or personal
property collateral or security, or to obtain provisional or ancillary
remedies, including without limitation injunctive relief, sequestration,
attachment, garnishment or the appointment of a receiver, from a court of
competent jurisdiction before, after or during the pendency of any
arbitration or other proceeding.  The exercise of any such remedy shall not
waive the right of any party to compel arbitration or reference hereunder.

(d)  ARBITRATOR QUALIFICATIONS AND POWERS; AWARDS.  Arbitrators must be
active members of the California State Bar or retired judges of the state or
federal judiciary of California, with expertise in the substantive laws
applicable to the subject matter of the Dispute.  Arbitrators are empowered
to resolve Disputes by summary rulings in response to motions filed prior to
the final arbitration hearing.  Arbitrators (i) shall resolve all Disputes in
accordance with the substantive law of the state of California, (ii) may
grant any remedy or relief that a court of the state of California could
order or grant within the scope hereof and such ancillary relief as is
necessary to make effective any award, and (iii) shall have the power to
award recovery of all costs and fees, to impose sanctions and to take such
other actions as they deem necessary to the same extent a judge could
pursuant to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, the California Rules of
Civil Procedure or other applicable law.  Any Dispute in which the amount in
controversy is $5,000,000 or less shall be decided by a single arbitrator who
shall not render an award of greater than $5,000,000 (including damages,
costs, fees and expenses).  By submission to a single arbitrator, each party
expressly waives any right or claim to recover more than $5,000,000.  Any
Dispute in which the amount in controversy exceeds $5,000,000 shall be
decided by majority vote of a panel of three arbitrators; provided however,
that all three arbitrators must actively participate in all hearings and
deliberations.

(e)  JUDICIAL REVIEW.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
in any arbitration in which the amount in controversy exceeds $25,000,000,
the arbitrators shall be required to make specific, written findings of fact
and conclusions of law.  In such arbitrations (i) the arbitrators shall not
have the power to make any award which is not supported by substantial
evidence or which is based on legal error, (ii) an award shall not be binding
upon the parties unless the findings of fact are supported by substantial
evidence and the conclusions of law are not erroneous under the substantive
law of the state of California, and (iii) the parties shall have in addition
to the grounds referred to in the Federal Arbitration Act for vacating,
modifying or correcting an award the right to judicial review of (A) whether
the findings of fact rendered by the


<PAGE>

arbitrators are supported by substantial evidence, and (B) whether the
conclusions of law are erroneous under the substantive law of the state of
California.  Judgment confirming an award in such a proceeding may be entered
only if a court determines the award is supported by substantial evidence and
not based on legal error under the substantive law of the state of California.

(f)  REAL PROPERTY COLLATERAL; JUDICIAL REFERENCE.  Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, no Dispute shall be submitted to arbitration
if the Dispute concerns indebtedness secured directly or indirectly, in whole
or in part, by any real property unless (i) the holder of the mortgage, lien
or security interest specifically elects in writing to proceed with the
arbitration, or (ii) all parties to the arbitration waive any rights or
benefits that might accrue to them by virtue of the single action rule
statute of California, thereby agreeing that all indebtedness and obligations
of the parties, and all mortgages, liens and security interests securing such
indebtedness and obligations, shall remain fully valid and enforceable.  If
any such Dispute is not submitted to arbitration, the Dispute shall be
referred to a referee in accordance with California Code of Civil Procedure
Section 638 et seq., and this general reference agreement is intended to be
specifically enforceable in accordance with said Section 638.  A referee with
the qualifications required herein for arbitrators shall be selected pursuant
to the AAA's selection procedures.  Judgment upon the decision rendered by a
referee shall be entered in the court in which such proceeding was commenced
in accordance with California Code of Civil Procedure Sections 644 and 645.

(g)  MISCELLANEOUS.  To the maximum extent practicable, the AAA, the
arbitrators and the parties shall take all action required to conclude any
arbitration proceeding within 180 days of the filing of the Dispute with the
AAA.  No arbitrator or other party to an arbitration proceeding may disclose
the existence, content or results thereof, except for disclosures of
information by a party required in the ordinary course of its business, by
applicable law or regulation, or to the extent necessary to exercise any
judicial review rights set forth herein.  If more than one agreement for
arbitration by or between the parties potentially applies to a Dispute, the
arbitration provision most directly related to the Loan Documents or the
subject matter of the Dispute shall control.  This arbitration provision
shall survive termination, amendment or expiration of any of the Loan
Documents or any relationship between the parties.


<PAGE>

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed as of the day and year first written above.

WELLS FARGO BANK,
ROTONICS MANUFACTURING INC.                  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION


By:  /s/ SHERMAN MCKINNISS                   By: /s/ MICHAEL KURINIJ
Sherman McKinniss                           Michael Kurinij
President/Chief                             Assistant Vice President
Executive Officer


By: /s/ DOUGLAS W. RUSSELL
Douglas W. Russell
Chief Financial Officer/
Assistant Secretary/
Treasurer



