









<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 4.4





$1,000,000,000

CREDIT AGREEMENT



DATED AS OF



DECEMBER 7, 1994



AMONG



COCA-COLA ENTERPRISES INC.


AND


THE BANKS LISTED HEREIN





<PAGE>
<TABLE>



TABLE OF CONTENTS


ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS


<S>                                                                                                          <C>
SECTION 1.01. Definitions  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    1
SECTION 1.02. Accounting Terms and Determinations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    8
SECTION 1.03. Types of Borrowings  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    8

ARTICLE II

THE CREDITS

SECTION 2.01. Commitments to Lend  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    9
SECTION 2.02. Notice of Syndicated Borrowings  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    9
SECTION 2.03. Money Market Borrowings  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    9
SECTION 2.04. Funding of Loans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   13
SECTION 2.05. Notes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   13
SECTION 2.06. Maturity of Loans  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   14
SECTION 2.07. Interest Rates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   14
SECTION 2.08. Facility Fees  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   17
SECTION 2.09. Optional Termination or Reduction of
Commitments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   17
SECTION 2.10. Mandatory Termination of Commitments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   17
SECTION 2.11. Optional Prepayments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   18
SECTION 2.12. General Provisions as to Payments  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   18
SECTION 2.13. Funding Losses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   18
SECTION 2.14. Computation of Interest and Fees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   19
SECTION 2.15. Regulation D Compensation  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   19

ARTICLE III

CONDITIONS TO BORROWINGS

SECTION 3.01. All Borrowings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   20
SECTION 3.02. First Borrowings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   20

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

SECTION 4.01. Representations and Warranties of the
Borrower  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   21

</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>

ARTICLE V

COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER


<S>                                                                                                          <C>
SECTION 5.01. Affirmative Covenants  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   23
SECTION 5.02. Negative Covenants . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   27

ARTICLE VI

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

SECTION 6.01. Events of Default  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   30

ARTICLE VII

CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCES

SECTION 7.01. Basis for Determining Interest Rate
Inadequate or Unfair  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   33
SECTION 7.02. Illegality . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   34
SECTION 7.03. Increased Cost and Reduced Return  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   34
SECTION 7.04. Prime Loans Substituted for Affected Fixed
Rate Loans  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   36
SECTION 7.05. Borrower's Election to Substitute or
Terminate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   36

ARTICLE VIII

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 8.01. Notices  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   37
SECTION 8.02. No Waivers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   37
SECTION 8.03. Expenses; Documentary Taxes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   37
SECTION 8.04. Set-Offs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   38
SECTION 8.05. Amendments and Waivers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   39
SECTION 8.06. Successors and Assigns . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   39
SECTION 8.07. Collateral . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   41
SECTION 8.09. New York Law . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   41
SECTION 8.10. Counterparts; Effectiveness  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   41
EXHIBIT A  Domestic Note
EXHIBIT B Euro-Dollar Note
EXHIBIT C Money Market Note
EXHIBIT D Invitation for Money Market Quotes
EXHIBIT E Money Market Quote
EXHIBIT F Opinion of Counsel for the Borrower
EXHIBIT G Opinion of Counsel for the Banks
</TABLE>





ii
<PAGE>

CREDIT AGREEMENT




Agreement dated as of December 7, 1994 among COCA-COLA ENTERPRISES
INC., a Delaware corporation and the BANKS listed on the signature pages
hereof.

The parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.01. DEFINITIONS.  The following terms, as used herein, have
the following meanings:

"ABSOLUTE RATE AUCTION" means a solicitation of Money Market Quotes
setting forth Money Market Rates pursuant to Section 2.03.

"AVAILABLE COMMITMENT" means, with respect to each Bank, the amount
equal to (i) such Bank's Commitment less (ii) such Bank's Existing Advances.

"BANK" means each bank listed on the signature pages hereof as having
a Commitment, and its successors and assigns.

"BORROWER" means Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc., a Delaware corporation,
and its successors.

"BORROWING" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03.

"CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any
successor statute.

"COMMITMENT" means, with respect to each Bank, the amount set forth
opposite the name of such Bank on the signature pages hereof, as such amount
may be reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09.

"CONSOLIDATED" refers to the consolidation of the financial statements
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, including principles of consolidation.

"DEBT" means (i) indebtedness for borrowed money or for the deferred
purchase price of property or services, other than (x) trade accounts payable
on customary terms in the ordinary course of business and (y) financial
obligations under management consulting contracts or noncompete agreements with
unaffiliated Persons entered into in connection with the acquisition of the
bottling

<PAGE>

businesses of such Persons, (ii) financial obligations evidenced by bonds,
debentures, notes or other similar instruments, (iii) financial obligations as
lessee under leases which shall have been or should be, in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, recorded as capital leases and (iv)
obligations under direct or indirect guaranties in respect of, and obligations
(contingent or otherwise) to purchase or otherwise acquire, or otherwise to
assure a creditor against loss in respect of, indebtedness or financial
obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (i) through (iii)
above.

"DEFAULT" means any condition or event which constitutes an Event of
Default or which with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both would,
unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default.

"DOMESTIC BUSINESS DAY" means any day except a Saturday, Sunday or
other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized by law to
close.

"DOMESTIC LENDING OFFICE" means, as to each Bank, its office located
at its address set forth on the signature pages hereof (or identified on the
signature pages hereof as its Domestic Lending Office) or such other office as
such Bank may hereafter designate as its Domestic Lending Office by notice to
the Borrower.

"DOMESTIC LOANS" means Prime Loans.

"DOMESTIC NOTES" means promissory notes of the Borrower, substantially
in the form of Exhibit A hereto, evidencing the obligation of the Borrower to
repay the Domestic Loans.

"EFFECTIVE DATE" has the meaning set forth in Section 8.09.

"ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued
thereunder.

"ERISA AFFILIATE" means, as of any date, any trade or business
(whether or not incorporated) which (as of such date) is a member of a group of
which the Borrower is a member and which, as of such date, is under common
control within the meaning of either Section 414(b) or Section 414(c) of the
Code, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder.

"EURO-DOLLAR BUSINESS DAY" means any Domestic Business Day on which
commercial banks are open for international business (including dealings in
dollar deposits) in London.

"EURO-DOLLAR LENDING OFFICE" means, as to each Bank, its office,
branch or affiliate located at its address set forth on the signature pages
hereof (or identified on the signature pages hereof


2
<PAGE>

as its Euro-Dollar lending Office) or such other office, branch or affiliate of
such Bank as it may hereafter designate as its Euro-Dollar lending Office by
notice to the Borrower.

"EURO-DOLLAR LOAN" means a Loan to be made by a Bank pursuant to
Section 2.01 as a Euro-Dollar Loan in accordance with the applicable Notice of
Borrowing.

"EURO-DOLLAR MARGIN" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07(b).

"EURO-DOLLAR NOTES" means promissory notes of the Borrower,
substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, evidencing the obligation of the
Borrower to repay the Euro-Dollar Loans.

"EURO-DOLLAR REFERENCE BANKS" means the principal London offices of
Citibank, N.A, Union Bank of Switzerland, and Swiss Bank Corporation, and each
such other bank as may be appointed pursuant to Section 8.06(d).

"EURO-DOLLAR RESERVE PERCENTAGE" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.15.

"EVENT OF DEFAULT" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.01.

"EXISTING ADVANCES" means, with respect to each Bank, the principal
amount of outstanding Loans (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement), if
any, of such Bank under the Existing Credit Agreement.

"EXISTING CREDIT AGREEMENT" means the Credit Agreement dated as of
April 12, 1993 among the Borrower and the banks named therein.

"FIXED RATE LOANS" means Euro-Dollar Loans or Money Market Loans
(excluding Money Market Loans bearing interest at the Prime Rate pursuant to
Section 7.01) or any combination of the foregoing.

"HIGH RATING" means, with respect to any Rating Agency, that such
agency shall have rated the commercial paper of the Borrower, as set forth
below:

Rating Agency                                Rating

Standard & Poor's Corporation                      A-1 or higher
Moody's Investors Service, Inc.                    P-1
Fitch Investors Service, Inc.                      F-1 or higher
Substitute Rating Agency                           equivalent to above

"INSUFFICIENCY" means, with respect to any Plan, the amount, if any,
by which the present value of the vested benefits under such Plan exceeds the
fair market value of the assets of such Plan





3
<PAGE>

allocable to such benefits, as determined using such reasonable actuarial
assumptions and methods as are specified in the Schedule B (Actuarial
Information) to the most recent annual report (Form 5500 Series) filed with
respect to such Plan.

"INTEREST PERIOD" means for any Borrowing, the period commencing on
the date of such Borrowing and ending, with respect to a Euro-Dollar Borrowing
or a Money Market Borrowing, 1, 2, 3 or 6 months thereafter, as the Borrower
may elect in the applicable Notice of Borrowing, and, with respect to a Prime
borrowing, 30 days thereafter; in each case, provided that:

(a)      any Interest Period which would otherwise end on a
day which is not a Euro-Dollar Business Day shall be extended to the
next succeeding Euro-Dollar Business Day unless such Euro-Dollar
Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such
Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Euro-Dollar Business
Day;

(b)      any Interest Period which begins on the last
Euro-Dollar Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which
there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the
end of such Interest Period) shall, subject to clause (c) below, end
on the last Euro-Dollar Business Day of a calendar month; and

(c)      any Interest Period which begins before December 8,
1999 and would otherwise end after such date shall end on December 8,
1999.

"LENDING OFFICE" means as to any Bank its Domestic Lending Office, its
Euro-Dollar Lending Office or its Money Market Lending Office, as the context
may require.

"LIBOR AUCTION" means a solicitation of Money Market Quotes setting
forth Money Market Margins based on the London Interbank Offered Rate pursuant
to Section 2.03.

"LOAN" means a Domestic Loan, a Euro-Dollar Loan or a Money Market
Loan and "Loans" means Domestic Loans, Euro-Dollar Loans or Money Market Loans
or any combination of the foregoing.

"LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATE" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.07(b).

"LOW RATING" means, with respect to any Rating Agency, that such
agency shall have rated the commercial paper of the Borrower, as set forth
below:

Rating Agency                              Rating

Standard & Poor's Corporation                      A-3 or below





4
<PAGE>

Moody's Investors Service, Inc.                    P-3 or below
Fitch Investors Service, Inc.                      F-3 or below
Substitute Rating Agency                           equivalent to above

"MAJORITY BANKS" means at any time Banks having 66 2/3% of the
aggregate amount of the Commitments or, if the Commitments shall have been
terminated, holding Notes evidencing at least 66 2/3% of the aggregate unpaid
principal amount of the Loans.

"MIDDLE RATING" means, with respect to any Rating Agency, that such
agency shall have rated the commercial paper of the Borrower, as set forth
below:

Rating Agency                                Rating

Standard & Poor's Corporation                      A-2
Moody's Investors Service, Inc.                    P-2
Fitch Investor Services, Inc.                      F-2
Substitute Rating Agency                           equivalent to above

"MONEY MARKET LENDING OFFICE" means, as to each Bank, its Domestic
Lending Office or such other office, branch or affiliate of such Bank as it may
hereafter designate as its Money Market Lending Office by notice to the
Borrower; provided that any Bank may from time to time by notice to the
Borrower designate separate Money Market Lending Offices for its Money Market
LIBOR Loans and/or its Money Market Rate Loans, in which case all references
herein to the Money Market Lending Office of such Bank shall be deemed to refer
to any one or more of such offices, as the context may require.

"MONEY MARKET LIBOR LOAN" means a Loan to be made by a Bank pursuant
to a LIBOR Auction (including such a Loan bearing interest at the Prime Rate
pursuant to Section 7.01).

"MONEY MARKET LOAN" means a Money Market LIBOR Loan or a Money Market
Rate Loan.

"MONEY MARKET MARGIN" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.03(c)(ii)(C).

"MONEY MARKET NOTES" means promissory notes of the Borrower,
substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, evidencing the obligation of the
Borrower to repay the Money Market Loans.

"MONEY MARKET QUOTE" means an offer by a Bank to make a Money Market
Loan in accordance with Section 2.03.

"MONEY MARKET RATE" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.03(c)(ii)(D).

"MONEY MARKET RATE LOAN" means a Loan to be made by a Bank





5
<PAGE>

pursuant to an Absolute Rate Auction.

"MULTIEMPLOYER PLAN" means, as of any date, a "multiemployer plan" as
defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which the Borrower or any ERISA
affiliate is making or accruing an obligation to make contributions, or has
within the current plan year or any of the immediately preceding two plan years
made or accrued an obligation to make contributions.

"MULTIPLE EMPLOYER PLAN" means, as of any date, an employee benefit
plan, other than a Multiemployer Plan, (i) which is subject to Title IV of
ERISA, (ii) to which the Borrower or an ERISA Affiliate, and one or more
employers other than the Borrower or an ERISA Affiliate, is making or accruing
an obligation to make contributions or, in the event that any such plan has
been terminated, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate made or accrued
an obligation to make contributions during any of the five plan years preceding
the date of termination of such plan and (iii) either (A) whose assets have a
market value as of such date, as reasonably determined by Borrower in good
faith, in excess of $100,000,000 or (B) under which an Insufficiency exists and
the amount of such Insufficiency which is allocable to the Borrower or any
ERISA Affiliate as of such date, as reasonably determined by the Borrower in
good faith, exceeds $5,000,000.

"NOTE" means a Domestic Note or a Euro-Dollar Note or a Money Market
Note, and "Notes" means the Domestic Notes or the Euro-Dollar Notes or the
Money Market Notes or any combination of the foregoing.

"NOTICE OF BORROWING" means a Notice of Syndicated Borrowing (as
defined in Section 2.02) or a Notice of Money Market Borrowing (as defined in
Section 2.03(d)).

"PBGC" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any entity
succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA.

"PERSON" means an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an
association, a trust or any other entity or organization, including a
government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

"PLAN" means a Single Employer Plan or a Multiple Employer Plan.

"PRIME LOAN" means a Loan to be made by a Bank pursuant to Section
2.01 as a Prime Loan in accordance with the applicable Notice of Borrowing or
pursuant to Article VII.

"PRIME RATE" means the rate of interest publicly announced by
Citibank, N.A. in New York City from time to time as its Prime Rate.





6
<PAGE>

"RATING AGENCY" means any of Standard & Poor's Corporation, Moody's
Investors Services, Inc., Fitch Investor Services, Inc., or any substitute
rating agency designated by the Borrower and acceptable to the Majority Banks
(the latter sometimes referred to herein a "Substitute Rating Agency").  When
reference is made herein to "Rating Agencies" it is to more than one Rating
Agency.

"REFERENCE BANKS" means the Euro-Dollar Reference Banks, and
"Reference Bank" means any one of such Reference Banks.

"REFUNDING BORROWING" means a Borrowing which, after application of
the proceeds thereof, results in no net increase in the outstanding principal
amount of Loans made by any Bank (but, without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, shall not include any Borrowing the proceeds of which are applied to
repay Money Market Loans).

"REGULATION U' means Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time.

"SINGLE EMPLOYER PLAN" means, as of any date, an employee benefit
plan, other than a Multiemployer Plan or a Multiple Employer Plan, (i) which is
subject to Title IV of ERISA, (ii) which is (or, in the event that any such
plan has been terminated within five years after a transaction described in
Section 4069 of ERISA involving the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate, was)
maintained for employees of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate and (iii) whose
assets have a market value as of such date, as reasonably determined by the
Borrower in good faith, in excess of $100,000,000 or which has an Insufficiency
as of such date, as reasonably determined by the Borrower in good faith, in
excess of $5,000,000.

"SUBSIDIARY" means any corporation or other entity of which securities
or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power to elect a majority
of the board of directors or other persons performing similar functions are at
the time directly or indirectly owned by the Borrower.

"SUBSTITUTE RATING AGENCY" has the meaning set forth in the definition
of "Rating Agency."

"SYNDICATED LOAN" means a Domestic Loan or a Euro-Dollar Loan made by
a Bank pursuant to Section 2.01.

"TERMINATION EVENT" means (i) a "reportable event", as such term is
described in Section 4043(b) of ERISA other than a "reportable event" not
subject to the provision for 30-day notice to the PBGC, with respect to a Plan,
or an event described in Section 4062(e) of ERISA involving a Plan, or (ii) the
withdrawal within the meaning of Section 4063(a) of ERISA) of the Borrower or





7
<PAGE>

any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiple Employer Plan during a plan year in which
it was a "substantial employer", as such term is defined in Section 4001(a)(2)
of ERISA, or the incurrence of liability by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate
under Section 4064 of ERISA upon the termination of a Multiple Employer Plan,
or (iii) the distribution of a notice of intent to terminate a Plan pursuant to
Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA or the treatment of a Plan amendment as a
termination under Section 4041(e) of ERISA, or (iv) the institution of
proceedings to terminate a Plan by the PBGC under Section 4042 of ERISA or (v)
any other event or condition which, as reasonably determined by the Borrower in
good faith, might constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the
termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan.

"UNCONTESTED WITHDRAWAL LIABILITY" means as of any date, Withdrawal
Liability for which the Borrower has not provided the Banks with evidence
reasonably satisfactory to the Banks that there are reasonable grounds for
contesting, and the Borrower is in fact contesting in a timely and appropriate
manner, such Withdrawal Liability.

"WITHDRAWAL LIABILITY" shall have the meaning given such term under
Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.

SECTION 1.02. ACCOUNTING TERMS AND DETERMINATIONS.  Unless otherwise
specified herein, all accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted, all
accounting determinations hereunder shall be made, and all financial statements
required to be delivered hereunder shall be prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time,
applied on a basis consistent (except for changes required by the accounting
profession or changes concurred in by the Borrower's independent public
accountants) with the most recent audited Consolidated financial statements of
the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries delivered to the Banks.

SECTION 1.03. TYPES OF BORROWINGS.  The term "Borrowing" denotes the
aggregation of Loans of one or more Banks to be made to the Borrower pursuant
to Article II on a single date and for a single Interest Period. Borrowings are
classified for purposes of this Agreement either by reference to the pricing of
Loans comprising such Borrowing (e.g., a "Euro-Dollar Borrowing" is a Borrowing
comprised of Euro-Dollar Loans) or by reference to the provisions of Article II
under which participation therein is determined (i.e., a "Syndicated Borrowing"
is a Borrowing under Section 2.01 in which all Banks participate in proportion
to their Available Commitments, while a "Money Market Borrowing" is a Borrowing
under Section 2.03 in which the Bank participants are determined by the
Borrower in accordance therewith).

ARTICLE II



8
<PAGE>


THE CREDITS

SECTION 2.01. COMMITMENTS TO LEND.  Each Bank severally agrees, on the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, to lend to the Borrower
pursuant to this Section from time to time amounts such that the aggregate
principal amount of Syndicated Loans by such Bank at any one time outstanding
shall not exceed the amount of its Available Commitment.  Each Borrowing under
this Section shall be in an aggregate principal amount of $25,000,000 or any
larger multiple of $5,000,000 (except that any such Borrowing may be in the
aggregate amount of the unused Available Commitments) and shall be made from
the several Banks ratably in proportion to their respective Available
Commitments. Within the foregoing limits, the Borrower may borrow under this
Section, repay, or to the extent permitted by Section 2.11, prepay Loans and
reborrow at any time.

SECTION 2.02. NOTICE OF SYNDICATED BORROWINGS.  The Borrower shall
give each of the Banks notice (a "NOTICE OF SYNDICATED BORROWING") not later
than 10:00 AM. (New York City time) on (x) the date of each Prime Borrowing,
and (y) the third Euro-Dollar Business Day before each Euro-Dollar Borrowing,
specifying:

(a)      the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Domestic
Business Day in the case of a Domestic Borrowing or a Euro-Dollar
Business Day in the case of a Euro-Dollar Borrowing,

(b)      the aggregate amount of such Borrowing,

(c)      every Bank's ratable share of such Borrowing,

(d)      whether the Loans comprising such Borrowing are to be
Prime Loans or Euro-Dollar Loans, and

(e)      in the case of a Euro-Dollar Borrowing, the duration
of the Interest Period applicable thereto, subject to the provisions
of the definition of Interest Period.

SECTION 2.03. MONEY MARKET BORROWINGS.

(a)      THE MONEY MARKET OPTION.  In addition to Syndicated
Borrowings pursuant to Section 2.01, the Borrower may, as set forth in
this Section, request the Banks to make offers to make Money Market
Loans to the Borrower. The Banks may, but shall have no obligation to,
make such offers and the Borrower may, but shall have no obligation
to, accept any such offers in the manner set forth in this Section.

(b)      MONEY MARKET QUOTE REQUEST.  When the Borrower wishes
to request offers to make Money Market Loans under this Section, it
shall transmit to each Bank by facsimile an





9
<PAGE>

Invitation for Money Market Quotes substantially in the form of
Exhibit D hereto so as to be received no later than 10:00 AM. (New
York City time) on (x) the fourth Euro-Dollar Business Day prior to
the date of Borrowing proposed therein, in the case of a LIBOR Auction
or (y) the Domestic Business Day next preceding the date of Borrowing
proposed therein, in the case of an Absolute Rate Auction (or, in any
such case, such other time and date as the Borrower and all Banks may
agree), specifying:

(i)        the proposed date of Borrowing, which shall
be a Euro-Dollar Business Day in the case of a LIBOR Auction
or a Domestic Business Day in the case of an Absolute Rate
Auction,

(ii)        the aggregate amount of such Borrowing, which
shall be $25,000,000 or a larger multiple of $5,000,000,

(iii)        the duration of the Interest Period
applicable thereto, subject to the provisions of the
definition of Interest Period,

(iv)        whether the Money Market Quotes requested are
to set forth a Money Market Margin or a Money Market Rate, and

(v)        any Borrower request for modification to the
procedures otherwise applicable to the requested Money Market
Quotes or Money Market Loans.

The Borrower may request offers to make Money Market Loans for more than one
(but not more than three) Interest Periods in a single Invitation for Money
Market Quotes.  No Invitation for Money Market Quotes shall be given within
five Euro-Dollar Business Days (or such other number of days as the Borrower
and all Banks may agree) of any other Invitation for Money Market Quotes.

(c)      SUBMISSION AND CONTENTS OF MONEY MARKET QUOTES.

(i)         Each Bank may submit a Money Market Quote
containing an offer or offers to make Money Market Loans in
response to any Invitation for Money Market Quotes.  Each
Money Market Quote must comply with the requirements of this
subsection (c) and must be submitted to the Borrower by
facsimile at its offices specified in or pursuant to Section
8.01 not later than (x) 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the
third Euro-Dollar Business Day prior to the proposed date of
Borrowing, in the case of a LIBOR Auction or (y) 9:00 A.M.
(New York City time) on the proposed date of Borrowing, in the
case of an Absolute Rate Auction (or, in any such case, such
other time and date as the Borrower and all Banks may agree).





10
<PAGE>

Subject to Articles III and VI, any Money Market Quote so made
shall be irrevocable except with the written consent of the
Borrower.

(ii)        Each Money Market Quote shall be in
substantially the form of Exhibit E hereto and shall in any
case specify:

(A)      the proposed date of Borrowing,

(B)      the principal amount of the Money
Market Loan for which each such offer is being made
(and if such Money Market Quote is in response to an
invitation for Money Market Quotes specifying more
than one Interest Period, the maximum aggregate
principal amount of Money Market Loans for which
offers are being made), which principal amount as to
each Money Market Loan (x) may be greater than or
less than the Available Commitment of the quoting
Bank, (y) must be $1,000,000 or a larger multiple
thereof and (z) may not exceed the principal amount
of Money Market Loans for which offers were
requested,

(C)      in the case of a LIBOR Auction, the
margin above or below the applicable London Interbank
Offered Rate (the "Money Market Margin") offered for
each such Money Market Loan, expressed as a
percentage (rounded to the nearest 1/10,000th of 1%)
to be added to or subtracted from the applicable
London Interbank Offered Rate,

(D)      in the case of an Absolute Rate
Auction, the rate of interest per annum (rounded to
the nearest 1/10,000th of 1%) (the "Money Market
Rate") offered for each such Money Market Loan, and

(E)      the identity of the quoting Bank.

(iii)         Each Money Market Quote must:

(A)      be substantially in the form of
Exhibit E hereto and specify all of the information
required by subsection (c)(ii);

(B)      not contain qualifying, conditional
or similar language;

(C)      not propose terms other than or in
addition to those set forth in the applicable
Invitation for Money Market Quotes; and





11
<PAGE>

(D)      arrive by the time set forth in
subsection (c)(i).

Any Money Market Quote that amends, modifies or is otherwise
inconsistent with a previous Money Market Quote submitted by any Bank
with respect to the same Invitation for Money Market Quotes shall be
disregarded by the Borrower unless such subsequent Money Market Quote
is submitted solely to correct a manifest error in such former Money
Market Quote.

(d)      ACCEPTANCE AND NOTICE BY BORROWER.  Not later than
(x) 2:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the third Euro- Dollar Business
Day prior to the proposed date of Borrowing, in the case of a LIBOR
Auction or (y) 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the proposed date of
Borrowing, in the case of an Absolute Rate Auction (or, in any such
case, such other time and date as the Borrower and all Banks may
agree), the Borrower shall notify all Banks of its acceptance or
nonacceptance of the offers so received by it pursuant to subsection
(c); provided that in the case of an Absolute Rate Auction, the
Borrower shall have at least 30 minutes to accept or reject a Money
Market Quote after receiving such quote from each Bank pursuant to
subsection (c). In the case of acceptance, such notice (a "NOTICE OF
MONEY MARKET BORROWING") shall specify the aggregate principal amount
of offers for each Interest Period that are accepted.  The Borrower
may accept any Money Market Quote in whole or in part, provided that:

(i)        the aggregate principal amount of each Money
Market Borrowing may not exceed the applicable amount set
forth in the related Invitation for Money Market Quotes,

(ii)        the principal amount of each Money Market
Borrowing must be $25,000,000 or a larger multiple of
$5,000,000,

(iii)        acceptance of offers may only be made on the
basis of ascending Money Market Margins or Money Market Rates,
as the case may be, and

(iv)        the Borrower may not accept any offer that
fails to comply with subsection (c)(iii) or otherwise fails to
comply with the requirements of this Agreement.

(e)      ALLOCATION BY BORROWER. If offers are made by two or
more Banks with the same Money Market Margins or Money Market Rates,
as the case may be, for a greater aggregate principal amount than the
amount in respect of which offers are accepted for the related
Interest Period, the principal amount of Money Market Loans in respect
of which such offers are accepted shall be allocated by the Borrower
among such Banks as nearly as possible (in such multiples, not greater
than $100,000, as





12
<PAGE>

the Borrower may deem appropriate) in proportion to the aggregate
principal amount of such offers; provided, however, that no Bank shall
be required, as a result of such allocation, to make a Money Market
Loan in an original principal amount equal to less than the greater of
(i) $1,000,000 and (ii) the minimum amount, if any, specified in such
Bank's Money Market Quote (which minimum amount shall not be greater
than $5,000,000.00). Determinations by the Borrower of the amounts of
Money Market Loans shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest
error.

SECTION 2.04. FUNDING OF LOANS.

(a)      Upon receipt of a Notice of Borrowing by a Bank, such
Notice of Borrowing shall not thereafter be revocable by the Borrower.

(b)      Unless a Bank determines that any applicable
condition specified in Article III has not been satisfied, not later
than 12:00 Noon (New York City time) on the date of each Borrowing,
each Bank participating therein shall (except as provided in
subsection (c) of this Section) make available its ratable share of
such Borrowing, in federal or other funds immediately available in New
York City, to the Borrower at the Domestic Lending Office of such Bank
and, as soon as practicable thereafter, shall credit such amount to a
regular deposit account maintained by the Borrower in New York City or
shall credit, or arrange for appropriate transfer of, such amount to
such other account in New York City as the Borrower and such Bank may
agree.

(c)      If any Bank makes a new Loan hereunder on a day on
which the Borrower is to repay all or any part of an outstanding Loan
from such Bank, such Bank shall apply the proceeds of its new Loan to
make such repayment and only an amount equal to the difference (if
any) between the amount being borrowed and the amount being repaid
shall be made available by such Bank to the Borrower as provided in
subsection (b), or remitted by the Borrower to such Bank as provided
in Section 2.12, as the case may be.

SECTION 2.05. NOTES.

(a)      The Domestic Loans of each Bank shall be evidenced by
a single Domestic Note payable to the order of such Bank for the
account of its Domestic Lending Office in an amount equal to the
aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Bank's Domestic Loans.

(b)      The Euro-Dollar Loans of each Bank shall be evidenced
by a single Euro-Dollar Note payable to the order of such Bank for the
account of its Euro-Dollar Lending Office in





13
<PAGE>

an amount equal to the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such
Bank's Euro-Dollar Loans.

(c)      The Money Market Loans of each Bank shall be
evidenced by a single Money Market Note payable to the order of such
Bank for the account of its Money Market Lending Office in an amount
equal to the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Bank's Money
Market Loans.

(d)      Each Bank may, by notice to the Borrower (to be given
not later than two Domestic Business Days prior to the first
Borrowing) request that its Money Market Rate Loans be evidenced by
separate Money Market Notes, in each case in an amount equal to the
aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Loans. Each such Note shall
be in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto with appropriate
modifications to reflect the fact that it evidences solely Loans of
the relevant type.  Each reference in this Agreement to the "Notes" or
"Money Market Note" of such Bank shall be deemed to refer to and
include either or both of such Notes, as the context may require.

(e)      Upon receipt of each Bank's Notes pursuant to Section
3.02(a), each Bank shall record, and prior to any transfer of its
Notes shall endorse on the schedules forming a part thereof
appropriate notations to evidence, the date, amount and maturity of
each Loan made by it and the date and amount of each payment of
principal made by the Borrower with respect thereto; provided that the
failure of any Bank to make any such recordation or endorsement shall
not affect the obligations of the Borrower hereunder or under the
Notes.  Each Bank is hereby irrevocably authorized by the Borrower so
to endorse its Notes and to attach to and make a part of any Note a
continuation of any such schedule as and when required.

SECTION 2.06. MATURITY OF LOANS.  Each Loan included in any Borrowing
shall mature, and the principal amount thereof shall be due and payable on the
last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Borrowing.

SECTION 2.07. INTEREST RATES.

(a)      Each Prime Loan shall bear interest on the
outstanding principal amount thereof, for each day from the date such
Loan is made until it becomes due, at a rate per annum equal to the
Prime Rate for such day. Such interest shall be payable for each
Interest Period on the last day thereof. Any overdue principal of and,
to the extent permitted by law, overdue interest on any Prime Loan
shall bear interest, payable on demand, for each day until paid at a
rate per annum equal to the sum of 1% plus the Prime Rate for such
day.





14
<PAGE>

(b)      Each Euro-Dollar Loan shall bear interest on the
outstanding principal amount thereof for the Interest Period
applicable thereto, at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the London
Interbank Offered Rate plus the Euro-Dollar Margin.  Such interest
shall be payable for each Interest Period on the last day thereof and,
if such Interest Period is longer than three months, at intervals of
three months after the first day thereof.

The "EURO-DOLLAR MARGIN" applicable to any Interest
Period means the following margin percentages of one percent (1%)
determined by the ratings of Borrower's commercial paper by the Rating
Agencies in effect at all times during such Interest Period in
accordance with the following table:

High Rating of three Rating
Agencies                                        .16

High Rating of two Rating
Agencies and Middle Rating of
one Rating Agency or High
Rating of one Rating Agency
and Middle Rating of two Rating
Agencies                                        .16

Middle Rating of three Rating
Agencies                                        .1875

Low Rating of one or two (but no more
than two) Rating Agencies                       .225

Low Rating of three Rating
Agencies                                        .225


The "LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATE" applicable to any
Interest Period means the average (rounded upward, if necessary, to
the next higher 1/100 of 1%) of the respective rates per annum at
which deposits in dollars are offered to each of the Euro-Dollar
Reference Banks in the London interbank market at approximately 11:00
A.M. (London time) two Euro-Dollar Business Days before the first day
of such Interest Period in an amount approximately equal to the
principal amount of the Euro-Dollar Loan of such Euro-Dollar Reference
Bank to which such Interest Period is to apply and for a period of
time comparable to such Interest Period.

(c)      Any overdue principal of and, to the extent permitted
by law, overdue interest on any Euro-Dollar Loan shall bear interest,
payable on demand, for each day from and including the date payment
thereof was due to, but excluding, the date of actual payment, at a
rate per annum equal to the





15
<PAGE>

sum of 1% plus the Euro-Dollar Margin plus the quotient obtained
(rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next higher 1/100 of 1%) by
dividing (i) the average (rounded upward, if necessary, to the next
higher 1/100 of 1%) of the respective rates per annum at which one day
(or, if such amount due remains unpaid more than three Euro-Dollar
Business Days, then for such other period of time not longer than
three months as each Bank may elect) deposits in dollars in an amount
approximately equal to such overdue payment due to each of the
Euro-Dollar Reference Banks are offered to such Euro-Dollar Reference
Bank in the London interbank market for the applicable period
determined as provided above by (ii) 1.00 minus the Euro-Dollar
Reserve Percentage (or, if the circumstances described in clause (a)
or (b) of Section 7.01 shall exist, at a rate per annum equal to the
sum of 1% plus the rate applicable to Prime Loans for such day).

(d)      Subject to Section 7.01, each Money Market LIBOR Loan
shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for
the Interest Period applicable thereto, at a rate per annum equal to
the sum of the London Interbank Offered Rate for such Interest Period
(determined in accordance with Section 2.07(b) as if each Euro-Dollar
Reference Bank were to participate in the related Money Market
Borrowing ratably in proportion to its Available Commitment) plus (or
minus) the Money Market Margin quoted by the Bank making such Loan in
accordance with Section 2.03.  Each Money Market Rate Loan shall bear
interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for the Interest
Period applicable thereto, at a rate per annum equal to the Money
Market Rate quoted by the Bank making such Loan in accordance with
Section 2.03. Such interest shall be payable for each Interest Period
on the last day thereof and, if such Interest Period is longer than
three months, at intervals of three months after the first day
thereof.  Any overdue principal of and, to the extent permitted by
law, overdue interest on any Money Market Loan shall bear interest,
payable on demand, for each day until paid at a rate per annum equal
to the sum of 1% plus the Prime Rate for such day.

(e)      The Borrower shall determine each interest rate
applicable to the Loans hereunder and shall give prompt notice thereof
to each participating Bank by telex or facsimile. Any Bank disputing
any such rate of interest so determined shall give prompt notice of
the interest rate determined by such Bank to the Borrower and each
other participating Bank by telex or facsimile, and its determination
thereof shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error.

(f)      Each Reference Bank agrees to use its best efforts to
furnish quotations to the Borrower and the other Banks as contemplated
by this Section. If any Reference Bank does not





16
<PAGE>

furnish a timely quotation to the Borrower or any Bank seeking a
quotation, such Bank shall determine the relevant interest rate on the
basis of the quotation or quotations furnished by the remaining
Reference Bank or Banks or, if none of such quotations is available on
a timely basis, the provisions of Section 7.01 shall apply.

SECTION 2.08.  FACILITY FEES.  As long as Commitments hereunder are
outstanding, the Borrower shall pay to each Bank a facility fee at the
following rates of one percent (1%) per annum, computed on the daily average
amount of its Commitment for each day on which the commercial paper of the
Borrower has the applicable ratings by the Rating Agencies shown in the
following table:


High Rating of three Rating
Agencies                                     .07

High Rating of two Rating
Agencies and Middle Rating of
one Rating Agency or High
Rating of one Rating Agency
and Middle Rating of two Rating
Agencies                                     .09

Middle Rating of three Rating
Agencies                                     .125

Low Rating of one or two (but no more
than two) Rating Agencies                    .15

Low Rating of three Rating
Agencies                                     .20


Such facility fees shall be payable in arrears quarterly on each March 31, June
30, September 30 and December 31 and on the termination of the Commitments in
their entirety.  Such facility fee shall accrue from and including the date
this Agreement becomes effective in accordance with Section 8.09, to but
excluding the date Commitments are terminated hereunder.

SECTION 2.09. OPTIONAL TERMINATION OR REDUCTION OF COMMITMENTS.  The
Borrower may, upon at least three Domestic Business Days' notice to each Bank,
terminate at any time, or ratably reduce from time to time by an aggregate
amount of $25,000,000 or any larger multiple of $5,000,000, the aggregate
amount of the Commitments in excess of the aggregate outstanding principal
amount of the Loans.

SECTION 2.10. MANDATORY TERMINATION OF COMMITMENTS.  The Commitments
shall terminate on December 8, 1999, and any Loans then





17
<PAGE>


outstanding (together with accrued interest thereon) shall be due and payable
on such date.

SECTION 2.11. OPTIONAL PREPAYMENTS.

(a)      The Borrower may, upon at least three Domestic
Business Days' notice to each Bank, prepay any Prime Loans comprising
a single Borrowing in whole at any time, or from time to time in part
in amounts aggregating $25,000,000 or any larger multiple of
$5,000,000, by paying the principal amount to be prepaid together with
accrued interest thereon to the date of prepayment. Each such optional
prepayment shall be applied to prepay ratably the Prime Loans
comprising a single Borrowing of the several Banks included in such
Borrowing.

(b)      Except as provided in Section 7.02 the Borrower may
not prepay all or any portion of the principal amount of any Fixed
Rate Loan prior to the maturity thereof.

(c) Any notice of prepayment pursuant to this Section shall
not thereafter be revocable by the Borrower.

SECTION 2.12. GENERAL PROVISIONS AS TO PAYMENTS.  The Borrower shall
make each payment of principal of, and interest on, the Loans and of additional
compensation hereunder, not later than 12:00 Noon (New York City time) on the
date when due, in federal or other funds immediately available in New York
City, to the Banks to which such amounts are due at their respective Domestic
Lending Offices.  Whenever any payment of principal of, or interest on, the
Domestic Loans or of additional compensation shall be due on a day which is not
a Domestic Business Day, the date for payment thereof shall be extended to the
next succeeding Domestic Business Day.  Whenever any payment of principal of,
or interest on, the Euro-Dollar Loans shall be due on a day which is not a
Euro-Dollar Business Day, the date for payment thereof shall be extended to the
next succeeding Euro-Dollar Business Day unless such Euro-Dollar Business Day
falls in another calendar month, in which case the date for payment thereof
shall be the next preceding Euro-Dollar Business Day.  Whenever any payment of
principal of, or interest on, the Money Market Loans shall be due on a day
which is not a Euro-Dollar Business Day, the date for payment thereof shall be
extended to the next succeeding Euro-Dollar Business Day.  If the date for any
payment of principal is extended by operation of law or otherwise, interest
thereon shall be payable for such extended time.

SECTION 2.13. FUNDING LOSSES.  If the Borrower makes any payment of
principal with respect to any Fixed Rate Loan (pursuant to Article VI or VII or
otherwise) on any day other than the last day of the Interest Period applicable
thereto, or the end of an applicable period fixed pursuant to Section 2.07(c),
or if the Borrower fails to borrow any Fixed Rate Loans after notice has been
given to any Bank in accordance with Section 2.02 or 2.03(d), the





18
<PAGE>


Borrower shall reimburse each Bank on demand for any resulting loss or expense
incurred by it (or by an existing or prospective participant in the related
Loan), including (without limitation) any loss incurred in obtaining,
liquidating or employing deposits from third parties, but excluding loss of
margin for the period after any such payment or failure to borrow, provided
that such Bank shall have delivered to the Borrower a certificate as to the
amount of such loss or expense, which certificate shall be conclusive in the
absence of manifest error, and provided further that in cases where a Bank has
granted a participation in a Loan, the aggregate amount of losses and expenses
demanded by such Bank shall not exceed the aggregate amount of losses and
expenses that such Bank would have incurred had it not granted such
participation.

SECTION 2.14. COMPUTATION OF INTEREST AND FEES.  Interest based on the
Prime Rate and facility fees hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year
of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year) and paid for the actual number of days
elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). All other
interest and fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and paid
for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding
the last day).

SECTION 2.15.  REGULATION D COMPENSATION.  Each Bank that is subject
to reserve requirements of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
(or any successor) may require the Borrower to pay, contemporaneously with each
payment of interest on the Euro-Dollar Loans, additional interest on the
related Euro-Dollar Loan of such Bank at a rate per annum equal to the excess
of (i) (A) the applicable London Interbank Offered Rate divided by (B) one
minus the Euro-Dollar Reserve Percentage over (ii) the rate specified in clause
(i)(A). Any Bank wishing to require payment of such additional interest (x)
shall so notify the Borrower, in which case such additional interest on the
Euro-Dollar Loans of such Bank shall be payable to such Bank at the place
indicated in such notice with respect to each Interest Period commencing at
least five Euro-Dollar Business Days after the giving of such notice and (y)
shall notify the Borrower at least five Euro-Dollar Business Days prior to each
date on which interest is payable on the amount then due it under this Section.

"EURO-DOLLAR RESERVE PERCENTAGE" means for any day that percentage
(expressed as a decimal) which is in effect on such day, as prescribed by the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for
determining the maximum reserve requirement for a member bank of the Federal
Reserve System in New York City with deposits exceeding five billion dollars in
respect of "Eurocurrency liabilities" (or in respect of any other category of
liabilities which includes deposits by reference to which the interest rate on
Euro-Dollar Loans is determined or any category of extensions of credit or
other assets which includes Loans by a non-United States office of any Bank to
United States residents).





19
<PAGE>


ARTICLE III

CONDITIONS TO BORROWINGS

The obligation of any Bank to make a Loan on the occasion of any
Borrowing is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

SECTION 3.01. ALL BORROWINGS.  In the case of each Borrowing:

(a)      receipt by each Bank of a Notice of Borrowing as
required by Section 2.02 or 2.03, as the case maybe;

(b)      the fact that, immediately after giving effect to
such Borrowing, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the
Loans and Existing Advances will not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Commitments;

(c)      the fact that, both before and immediately after
giving effect to such Borrowing, no Default shall have occurred and be
continuing; and

(d)      the fact that the representations and warranties of
the Borrower contained in this Agreement (except (i) in the case of a
Refunding Borrowing, the representations and warranties set forth in
the second sentence of Section 4.01(e) and in Section 4.01(f) as to
any material adverse change which has theretofore been disclosed in
writing by the Borrower to the Banks and in Sections 4.01(i) and
4.01(j) and (ii) after the termination of the Existing Credit
Agreement, 4.01(1)) shall be true in all material respects on and as
of the date of such Borrowing.

Each Borrowing hereunder shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by
the Borrower on the date of such Borrowing as to the facts specified in clauses
(b), (c) and (d) of this Section.

SECTION 3.02.  FIRST BORROWINGS. In the case of the first Borrowing:

(a)      receipt by each Bank of a duly executed Domestic
Note, Euro-Dollar Note and Money Market Note, each dated on or before
the date of such Borrowing, complying with the provisions of Section
2.05;

(b)      receipt by each Bank of an opinion of Miller &
Martin, counsel for the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit
F hereto;

(c)      receipt by each Bank of an opinion of Sutherland,
Asbill & Brennan, special counsel or the Banks, substantially





20
<PAGE>


in the form of Exhibit G hereto;

(d)      receipt by each Bank of a certificate signed by the
Chief Financial Officer or, if unavailable, the Treasurer of the
Borrower, to the effect set forth in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of
Section 3.01;

(e)      receipt by each Bank of (i) a copy of the Borrower's
certificate of incorporation, bylaws and board of director resolutions
authorizing the Borrower to incur indebtedness, certified by the
Borrower's corporate secretary or assistant secretary; (ii) a
certificate of the Borrower's corporate secretary or assistant
secretary as to the incumbency and specimen signatures of the officers
of the Borrower who are authorized to execute and deliver this
Agreement and the Notes on the Borrower's behalf; and (iii) all other
documents it may reasonably request relating to the existence of the
Borrower, the corporate authority for and the validity of this
Agreement and the Notes, and any other matters relevant hereto, all in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to each Bank; and

(f)      evidence satisfactory to each Bank that the Borrower
has complied with Section 5.01(e) hereof.

The documents referred to in this Section 3.02 shall be delivered to
each Bank no later than two Domestic Business Days (if such Borrowing
is pursuant to a Domestic Loan) or two Euro-Dollar Business Days (if
such Borrowing is pursuant to a Euro-Dollar Loan) prior to the date
of the first Borrowing.  The certificate and opinions referred to in
clauses (b), (c), (d) and (f) above shall be dated the date of the
first Borrowing and the continuing accuracy and effectiveness of each
such item on and as of the date of the first Borrowing shall be
confirmed to each Bank on the date of the first Borrowing by facsimile
notice from Borrower, counsel to Borrower and special counsel for the
Banks, respectively.


ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

SECTION 4.01. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BORROWER. The
Borrower represents and warrants as follows:

(a)      The Borrower is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction
indicated at the beginning of this Agreement. The Borrower is duly
qualified and in good standing as a foreign corporation authorized to
do business in each jurisdiction (other than the jurisdiction of its
incorporation) in which the nature of its activities or the character
of the





21
<PAGE>


properties it owns or leases makes such qualification necessary and in
which the failure so to qualify would have a materially adverse effect
on the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

(b)      The execution, delivery and performance by the
Borrower of this Agreement and the Notes are within the Borrower's
corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
action and do not contravene (i) the Borrower's charter or by-laws or
(ii) any law, rule, regulation or contractual restriction in any
material contract or, to the knowledge of the Chief Financial Officer
of the Borrower, any other contract binding on or affecting the
Borrower.

(c)      No authorization or approval or other action by, and
no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory
body is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by
the Borrower of this Agreement or the Notes.

(d)      This Agreement is, and the Notes when delivered
hereunder will be, legal, valid and binding obligations of the
Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with their
respective terms.

(e)      The consolidated financial statements of Borrower and
its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and the related
Consolidated statements of income, Consolidated balance sheets,
Consolidated statements of shareholders' equity and Consolidated
statements of cash flows for the fiscal year then ended, reported on
by Ernst & Young and set forth in the Borrower's 1993 Form 10-K, a
copy of which has been delivered to each of the Banks, fairly
represent, in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, the consolidated financial position of the Borrower and
its Consolidated Subsidiaries at such date and their consolidated
results of operations for such fiscal year then ended.  Compared with
December 31, 1993, there has been no material adverse change in the
business, financial position, results of operations or prospects of
the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(f)      There is no pending or, to the best of the Borrower's
knowledge, threatened action or proceeding involving the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries before any court, governmental agency or
arbitrator, which is likely to materially adversely affect the
financial condition or operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
taken as a whole or which purports to affect the legality, validity or
enforceability of this Agreement or any Note.





22
<PAGE>


(g)      No proceeds of any Loan will be used to acquire any
equity security of a class which is registered pursuant to Section 12
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, other than immaterial
quantities of equity securities held in the investment portfolio of a
Person whose stock is acquired with the proceeds of such Loan.

(h)      The Borrower is not engaged in the business of
extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin
stock (within the meaning of Regulation U), and no proceeds of any
Loan will be used to purchase or carry any margin stock or to extend
credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin
stock.

(i)      No Default described in Sections 6.01(g) 6 01(h) or
6.01(i) has occurred and is continuing, or is reasonably expected to
occur within sixty days.

(j)      A copy of the Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to
the most recent annual report (Form 5500 Series) of the Borrower or
any ERISA Affiliate with respect to each Plan has been filed with the
Internal Revenue Service, and each such Schedule B fairly presents the
funding status and financial condition of such Plan in all material
respects, and since the date of such Schedule B there has been no
material adverse change in such funding status or financial condition.

(k)      The Borrower is not an "investment company", or a
company "controlled" by an "investment company", within the meaning of
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(l)      No event has occurred and is continuing that would
constitute an Event of Default under the Existing Credit Agreement.



ARTICLE V

COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER


SECTION 5.01. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. So long as any Note shall remain
unpaid or any Bank shall have any Commitment hereunder, the Borrower will,
unless the Majority Banks shall otherwise consent in writing:

(a)      COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS, ETC.  Comply, and cause each
of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all applicable laws, rules,
regulations and orders (including, without limitation, ERISA and the
rules and regulations thereunder), noncompliance with which would
materially adversely affect the business or





23
<PAGE>


financial condition of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, such compliance to include, without limitation,
paying before the same become delinquent all taxes, assessments and
governmental charges imposed upon it or upon its property except to
the extent contested in good faith.

(b)      REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.  Furnish to the Banks:

(i)         as soon as available and in any event not
later than 55 days after the end of each of the first three
quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, commencing with
the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 1995, Consolidated balance
sheets of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of
the end of such quarter, and related Consolidated statements
of income of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries
for such quarter and for the period commencing at the end of
the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such
quarter, and Consolidated statements of cash flows of the
Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for such quarter
and for such period, in each case signed by the chief
financial officer of the Borrower, together with (A) the
representation and warranty of the Borrower to the effect that
no Default has occurred and is continuing or, if an Event of
Default or such event has occurred and is continuing, a
statement as to the nature thereof and the action which the
Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto
and (B) a schedule in form satisfactory to the Majority Banks
of the computations used by the Borrower in determining
compliance with the covenants contained in Sections 5.02(a)
and 5.02(b);

(ii)        as soon as available and in any event not
later than 110 days after the end of each fiscal year of the
Borrower, a copy of the annual report for such year for the
Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, containing the
Consolidated financial statements for such fiscal year with a
report thereon by Ernst & Young or other independent public
accountants acceptable to the Majority Banks stating that such
Consolidated financial statements fairly present the
Consolidated financial position of the Borrower and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries as at the date indicated and the
Consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for
the period indicated in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles applied on a consistent basis (except
for changes required by the accounting profession or changes
concurred in by the Borrower's independent public accountants)
and that the audit by such accountants in connection with such
Consolidated financial statements has been made in accordance
with





24
<PAGE>


generally accepted auditing standards, together with (A) the
representation and warranty of the Borrower to the effect that
no Default has occurred and is continuing or, if an Event of
Default or Default has occurred and is continuing, a statement
as to the nature thereof and the action which the Borrower has
taken and proposes to take with respect thereto and (B) a
schedule in form satisfactory to the Majority Banks of the
computations used by the Borrower in determining compliance
with the covenants contained in Sections 5.02(a) and 5.02(b);

(iii)         as soon as possible and in any event within
five days after the chief financial officer of the borrower
has knowledge of the occurrence of each Default continuing on
the date of such statement, a statement of such chief
financial officer setting forth details of such Default and
the action which the Borrower has taken and proposes to take
with respect thereto;

(iv)        promptly after the sending or filing thereof,
copies of all reports which the Borrower sends to its security
holders (other than reports furnished only to The Coca-Cola
Company), and copies of all reports and registration
statements which become effective which the Borrower or any
Subsidiary files with the Securities and Exchange Commission
or any national securities exchange;

(v)         as soon as possible and in any event (A)
within sixty Domestic Business Days after the Borrower or any
ERISA Affiliate knows or has reason to know that any
Termination Event described in clause (i) of the definition of
Termination Event with respect to any Plan has occurred and
(B) within thirty Domestic Business Days after the Borrower or
any ERISA Affiliate knows or has reason to know that any other
Termination Event with respect to any Plan has occurred, a
statement of the chief financial officer of the Borrower
describing such Termination Event and the action, if any,
which the Borrower or such ERISA Affiliate proposes to take
with respect thereto;

(vi)        promptly and in any event within ten domestic
Business Days after receipt thereof by the Borrower or any
ERISA Affiliate, copies of each notice received by the
Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC stating its
intention to terminate any Plan or to have a trustee appointed
to administer any Plan;

(vii)         promptly and in any event within thirty
Domestic Business Days after receipt thereof by the Borrower
or any ERISA Affiliate from the sponsor of a Multiemployer
Plan, a copy of each notice received by the





25
<PAGE>


Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate concerning (A) the imposition
of Withdrawal Liability by a Multiemployer Plan, (B) the
determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to
be, in reorganization within the meaning of Title V of ERISA,
(C) the termination of a Multiemployer Plan within the meaning
of Title IV of ERISA, or (D) the amount of liability incurred,
or expected to be incurred, by the Borrower or any ERISA
Affiliate in connection with any event described in clause
(A), (B) or (C) above; and

(viii)         such other information respecting the
condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as any Bank may from time
to time reasonably request.

(c)      MAINTENANCE OF PROPERTIES, ETC.  Cause all properties
used or useful in the conduct of its business or the business of any
Subsidiary to be maintained and kept in good condition, repair and
working order and cause to be made all necessary repairs, renewals,
replacements, betterments and improvements thereof, all as in the
judgment of the Borrower may be necessary so that the business carried
on in connection therewith may be properly and advantageously
conducted at all times; provided, however, that nothing in this
Section 5.01(c) shall prevent the Borrower or an Subsidiary from
discontinuing the operation or maintenance of any of such properties
if such discontinuance is not materially adverse to the Banks and, in
the judgment of the Borrower, is desirable in the conduct of its
business or the business of any Subsidiary.

(d)      MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE.  Maintain, and cause each
of its Subsidiaries to maintain, insurance with responsible and
reputable insurance companies or associations in such amounts and
covering such risks as is usually carried by companies engaged in
similar businesses and owning similar properties in the same general
areas in which the Borrower or such Subsidiary operates, provided that
the Borrower may self-insure, or insure through captive insurers or
insurance cooperatives, to the extent consistent with prudent business
practices.

(e)      EXISTING CREDIT AGREEMENT.

(i)         If there are any Existing Advances on the
Effective Date, the Borrower shall (A) on the Effective Date
and on each later date of repayment or prepayment of any such
Existing Advances comprising a Syndicated Loan (as defined in
the Existing Credit Agreement), if any, reduce the aggregate
commitments under the Existing Credit Agreement, pursuant to
Section 2.09 thereof, to an amount equal to the aggregate
principal amount of





26
<PAGE>


Existing Advances comprising such Syndicated Loans outstanding
on each such date, after giving effect to any such repayment
or prepayment, and (B) terminate the Existing Credit Agreement
not later than the date that is the latest maturity date of
any such Existing Advance.

(ii)        If there are no Existing Advances on the
Effective Date, then the Borrower shall terminate the Existing
Credit Agreement effective as of the Effective Date.


SECTION 5.02. NEGATIVE COVENANTS.  So long as any Note shall remain
unpaid or any Bank shall have any Commitment hereunder, the Borrower will not,
without the written consent of the Majority Banks:

(a)      LIENS, ETC.  Create, incur, issue, assume or
guarantee, or permit any Restricted Subsidiary to create, incur,
issue, assume or guarantee, any Secured Debt.  The term "SECURED DEBT"
means notes, bonds, debentures or other similar evidences of
indebtedness for money borrowed secured by any Mortgage. The term
"MORTGAGE" or "MORTGAGES" means any mortgage, pledge, lien, security
interest or other encumbrances upon any Principal Property or on any
shares of stock or indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary (whether
such Principal Property, shares of stock or indebtedness are now owned
or hereafter acquired). "RESTRICTED SUBSIDIARY" means any Subsidiary
(i) substantially all the property of which is located, or
substantially all of the business of which is carried on, within the
fifty states of the United States, the District of Columbia, or Puerto
Rico, and (ii) which owns or is the lessee of any Principal Property.
"PRINCIPAL PROPERTY" means each bottling plant or facility of the
Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary located within the United States
of America (other than its territories and possessions) or Puerto
Rico; except any such bottling plant or facility which the Board of
Directors of the Borrower by resolution reasonably determines not to
be of material importance to the total business conducted by the
Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. The foregoing restrictions
shall not apply to:

(1)     Mortgages on property, shares of stock or
indebtedness of any corporation existing at the time such
corporation becomes a Restricted Subsidiary;

(2)     Mortgages on property or shares of stock
existing at the time of acquisition of such property or stock
by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary or existing as of
September  30, 1994;




27
<PAGE>


(3)     Mortgages to secure the payment of all or any
part of the price of acquisition, construction or improvement
of such property or stock by the Borrower or a Restricted
Subsidiary, or to secure any Secured Debt incurred by the
Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, prior to, at the time of,
or within 90 days after the later of the acquisition or
completion of construction (including any improvements on an
existing property), which Secured Debt is incurred for the
purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price
thereof or construction of improvements thereon; provided,
however, that, in the case of any such acquisition,
construction or improvement, the Mortgage shall not apply to
any property theretofore owned by the Borrower or a Restricted
Subsidiary, other than, in the case of any such construction
or improvement, any theretofore substantially unimproved real
property on which the property or improvement so constructed
is located;

(4)     Mortgages securing Secured Debt of a
Restricted Subsidiary owing to Borrower or to another
Restricted Subsidiary;

(5)     Mortgages on property of a corporation
existing at the time such corporation is merged into or
consolidated with the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary or
at the time of a sale, lease or other disposition of the
properties of a corporation or firm as an entirety or
substantially as an entirety to the Borrower or a Restricted
Subsidiary;

(6)     Mortgages on property of the Borrower or a
Restricted Subsidiary in favor of the United States of America
or any state thereof, or any department, agency or
instrumentality or political subdivision of the United States
of America or any state thereof, or in favor of any other
country or any political subdivision thereof, or any
department, agency or instrumentality of such country or
political subdivision, to secure partial progress, advance or
other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to
secure any indebtedness incurred for the purpose of financing
all or any part of the purchase price or the cost of
construction of the property subject to such Mortgages; or

(7)     any extension, renewal or replacement (or
successive extensions, renewals or replacements) in whole or
in part of any Mortgage referred to in the foregoing clauses
(1) through (6), inclusive, provided, however, that the
principal amount of Secured Debt secured thereby shall not
exceed the principal amount of Secured Debt so secured at the
time of such extension, renewal or





28
<PAGE>


replacement, and that such extension, renewal or replacement
shall be limited to all or a part of the property which
secured the Mortgage so extended, renewed or replaced (plus
improvements and construction on such property).


Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 5.02(a), the
Borrower and any one or more Restricted Subsidiaries may create,
incur, issue, assume or guarantee Secured Debt secured by a Mortgage
which would otherwise be subject to the foregoing restrictions in an
aggregate amount which, together with all other Secured Debt of the
Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries which (if originally created,
incurred, issued, assumed or guaranteed at such time) would otherwise
be subject to the foregoing restrictions (not including Secured Debt
permitted to be secured under clauses (1) through (7) above), does not
at the time exceed 10% of the shareholders' equity of the Borrower and
its Consolidated Subsidiaries as shown on the financial statements of
the Borrower as of the end of the fiscal year preceding the date of
determination.

(b)      LEVERAGE RATIO.  Permit Consolidated Debt less Cash
to be at any time more than 75% of Total Capital, where "Cash" means
cash and cash equivalents and interest bearing assets with maturities
of one year or less; and "Total Capital" means the sum of
Shareholders' Equity, Deferred Income Taxes and Consolidated Debt less
Cash.  All such terms shall be as they appear on the Borrower's
published Consolidated financial statements and calculated under the
generally accepted accounting principles and practices applied by the
Borrower on the date hereof in the preparation of its Consolidated
financial statements.

(c)      MERGERS, ETC.  Merge or consolidate with or into, or
convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one
transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all
of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to, any
Person, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so, except that (i)
any Subsidiary of the Borrower may merge or consolidate with or into,
or dispose of assets to, any other Subsidiary of the Borrower and (ii)
any Subsidiary of the Borrower may merge into or dispose of assets to
the Borrower or any other Person, provided in each case that,
immediately after giving effect to such proposed transaction, no
Default would exist, and, in the case of any such merger to which the
Borrower is a party the Borrower is the surviving corporation.

(d)      AFFILIATE TRANSACTIONS.  Engage in, or permit any of
its Subsidiaries to engage in any transaction (other than





29
<PAGE>


transactions between the Borrower and any Subsidiary or between
Subsidiaries of the Borrower) involving payments, or property having a
fair market value, in excess of $15,000,000 with The Coca-Cola Company
or any Person controlling, controlled by, or under common control with
the Borrower, on terms less favorable to it or such Subsidiary than
would be available in an arms' length transaction with an unrelated
Person.

(e)      COMPLIANCE WITH ERISA.  Terminate, or permit any
ERISA Affiliate to terminate, any Plan so as to result in any
liability of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate to the PBGC in excess
of $15,000,000, or permit to exist an event or condition which
reasonably presents a material risk of a termination by the PBGC of
any Plan with respect to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate
would, in the event of such termination, incur liability to the PBGC
in excess of $15,000,000.


ARTICLE VI

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

SECTION 6.01. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. If any of the following events
("Events of Default") shall occur and be continuing:

(a)      the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any
Note when the same becomes due and payable, or shall fail to pay any
interest on any Note or any fees payable under Section 2.08 for a
period of five days after the same becomes due and payable; or

(b)      any representation or warranty made or deemed to have
been made by the Borrower herein or by the Borrower (or any of its
officers) in connection with this Agreement shall prove to have been
incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to
have been made; or

(c)      the Borrower shall fail to perform or observe (i) any
term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 5.01(b)(iii) or (v)
or 5.02, or (ii) any other term, covenant or agreement contained in
this Agreement on its part to be performed or observed if such failure
shall remain unremedied for 30 days after written notice thereof shall
have been given to the Borrower by any Bank; or

(d)      there shall be a default under any bond, debenture,
note or other evidence of indebtedness for borrowed money or under any
mortgage, indenture or other instrument under which there may be
issued or by which there may be secured or evidenced any indebtedness
for borrowed money by the Borrower





30
<PAGE>


or any Subsidiary or under any guarantee of payment by the Borrower or
any Subsidiary of indebtedness for borrowed money, whether such
indebtedness or guarantee now exists or shall hereafter be incurred or
created (but excluding Indebtedness evidenced by the Notes), and (i)
with respect to a payment default, as a result of such payment default
such indebtedness has, by acceleration or otherwise under the terms of
such bond, debenture, note, mortgage, indenture, guarantee or payment
or such other evidence of indebtedness, become due prior to its stated
maturity or the effect of such payment default is to permit such bond,
debenture, note, mortgage, indenture, guarantee or payment or such
other evidence of indebtedness, to become due prior to its stated
maturity, or (ii) with respect to any default other than a payment
default, as a result of such default such indebtedness has, by
acceleration or otherwise under the terms of such bond, debenture,
note, mortgage, indenture, guarantee of payment or such other evidence
of indebtedness, becomes due prior to its stated maturity and such
default continues for a period of 4 Domestic Business Days after the
date upon which such indebtedness has become due prior to its stated
maturity (and, with respect to any guarantee, such default continues
for a period of 4 Domestic Business Days after the Borrower has
received written demand for payment under any such guarantee);
provided, however, that no default under this Section 6.01(d) shall
exist if all such defaults do not relate to such indebtedness or
guarantees with an aggregate principal amount in excess of
$15,000,000.00.

(e)      the Borrower or any Subsidiary pursuant to or within
the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law: (i) commences a voluntary case,
(ii) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an
involuntary case, (iii) consents to the appointment of a Custodian of
it or for all or substantially all of its property, (iv) makes a
general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or (v) a court of
competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy
Law that (A) is for relief against the Borrower or any Subsidiary in
an involuntary case, (B) appoints a Custodian of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary or for all or substantially all of its property, or (C)
orders the liquidation of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, and the
order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 45 days; (vi) is
the subject of an involuntary case which is not dismissed within 45
days after the filing thereof; (vii) fails to pay its debts generally
as they become due or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts
generally as they become due; or (viii) takes any corporate action to
authorize the Borrower's taking of any of the actions set forth in
clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above.  "BANKRUPTCY LAW" means Title
11, U.S. Code or any similar federal or state law for the relief of
debtors.  The term "Custodian" means any receiver, trustee, assignee,
liquidator





31
<PAGE>


or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

(f)      any judgment or order for the payment of money in
excess of $15,000,000 shall be rendered against the Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries and either (i) enforcement proceedings shall have
been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order or (ii)
there shall be any period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay
of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending
appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect; or

(g)      any Termination Event with respect to a Plan shall
have occurred and, 30 days after notice thereof shall have been given
to the Borrower by any Bank, (i) such Termination Event shall still
exist and (ii) the sum (determined as of the date of occurrence of
such Termination Event) of the Insufficiency of such Plan and the
Insufficiency of any and all other Plans with respect to which a
Termination Event shall have occurred and then exist (or in the case
of a Multiple Employer Plan with respect to which a Termination Event
shall have occurred and then exist, the liability of the Borrower or
any ERISA Affiliate related to such Termination Event) is equal to or
greater than $30,000,000; or

(h)      the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate shall have been
notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan that it has incurred
Uncontested Withdrawal Liability to such Multiemployer Plan in an
amount which, when aggregated with all other amounts required to be
paid to Multiemployer Plans in connection with Uncontested Withdrawal
Liabilities (determined as of the date of such notification), exceeds
$50,000,000 or requires payments exceeding $5,000,000 per annum; or

(i)      the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate shall have been
notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan that such
Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization or is being terminated, within
the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, if solely as a result of such
reorganization or termination the aggregate annual contributions of
the Borrower and its ERISA Affiliates to all Multiemployer Plans which
are then in reorganization or being terminated have been or will be
increased over the amounts contributed to such Multiemployer Plans for
the immediately preceding plan years of the respective plans by an
amount exceeding $5,000,000;

then, and in every such event, each Bank shall (i) if requested by the Majority
Banks, by notice to the Borrower (with notice to the other Banks) terminate its
Commitment and each Commitment shall thereupon terminate, and (ii) if requested
by Banks holding Notes evidencing more than 66 2/3% in aggregate principal
amount of the Loans, by notice to the Borrower (with copies to the other Banks)





32
<PAGE>


declare the Notes (together with accrued interest thereon and any and all
amounts payable by the Borrower hereunder or under the Notes) to be, and the
Notes shall thereupon become, immediately due and payable without presentment,
demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived the
Borrower, provided that in the case of any of the Events of Default specified
in clause (e) above with respect to the Borrower, without any notice to the
Borrower or any other act by the Banks, the Commitments shall thereupon
terminate and the outstanding principal amount of the Notes (together with
accrued interest thereon and any and all amounts payable by the Borrower
hereunder or under the Notes) shall become immediately due and payable, without
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are
hereby waived by the Borrower.


ARTICLE VII

CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCES


SECTION 7.01. BASIS FOR DETERMINING INTEREST RATE INADEQUATE OR
UNFAIR.  If on or prior to the first day of any Interest Period for any Fixed
Rate Borrowing:

(a)      any Bank is advised by the Reference Banks that
deposits in dollars (in the applicable amounts) are not being offered
to the Reference Banks in the relevant market for such Interest
Period, or

(b)      Banks having 50% or more of the aggregate amount of
the Commitments determine that the London Interbank Offered Rate will
not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Banks of funding
their Euro-Dollar Loans, for such Interest Period,

each such affected Bank shall forthwith give notice thereof to the Borrower and
to the other Banks, whereupon until the Banks which gave such notice
subsequently notify the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such
suspension no longer exist, the obligations of the Banks to make Euro-Dollar
Loans shall be suspended unless the Borrower notifies the Banks at least two
Domestic Business Days before the date of any Fixed Rate Borrowing for which a
Notice of Borrowing has previously been given that it elects not to borrow on
such date, (i) if such Fixed Rate Borrowing is a Syndicated Borrowing, such
Borrowing shall instead be made as a Prime Borrowing and (ii) if such Fixed
Rate Borrowing is a Money Market LIBOR Borrowing the Money Market Loans
comprising such Borrowing shall bear interest for each day from and including
the first day to but excluding the last day of the Interest Period applicable
thereto at the Prime Rate for such day.





33
<PAGE>


SECTION 7.02. ILLEGALITY. If, after the date of this Agreement, the
adoption of any applicable law, rule or regulation, or any change therein, or
any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any governmental
authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or
administration thereof, or compliance by any Bank (or its Euro-Dollar Lending
Office) with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law)
of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency shall make it unlawful
or impossible for any Bank (or its Euro-Dollar Lending Office) to make,
maintain or fund its Euro- Dollar Loans or Money Market LIBOR Loans (excluding
such Loans bearing interest at the Prime Rate pursuant to Section 7.01) such
Bank shall so notify the Borrower, whereupon until such Bank notifies the
Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such suspension no longer exist,
the obligation of such Bank to make Euro-Dollar Loans shall be suspended.
Before giving any notice to the Borrower pursuant to this Section, such Bank
shall designate a different Euro-Dollar Lending Office if such designation will
avoid the need for giving such notice and will not, in the judgment of such
Bank, be otherwise disadvantageous to such Bank. If such Bank shall determine
that it may not lawfully continue to maintain and fund any of its outstanding
Euro-Dollar Loans or Money Market LIBOR Loans (excluding such Loans bearing
interest at the Prime Rate pursuant to Section 7.01) to maturity and shall so
specify in such notice, the Borrower shall immediately prepay in full the then
outstanding principal amount of each such Euro-Dollar Loan and Money Market
LIBOR Loan (excluding any such Loan bearing interest at the Prime Rate pursuant
to Section 7.01), together with accrued interest thereon. Concurrently with
prepaying each such Euro-Dollar Loan and Money Market LIBOR Loan (excluding any
such Loan bearing interest at the Prime Rate pursuant to Section 7.01), the
Borrower shall borrow a Prime Loan in an equal principal amount from such Bank
(on which interest and principal shall be payable contemporaneously with the
related Euro-Dollar Loans or Money Market LIBOR Loans (excluding such Loans
bearing interest at the Prime Rate pursuant to Section 7.01) of the other
Banks), and such Bank shall make such a Prime Loan, unless the Borrower elects
pursuant to Section 7.05 not to borrow such Prime Loan.

SECTION 7.03. INCREASED COST AND REDUCED RETURN.

(a)      If after the date hereof, the adoption of any
applicable law, rule or regulation, or any change therein, or any
change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any
governmental authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with
the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any
Bank (or its Lending Office) with any request or directive (whether or
not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or
comparable agency:

(i)     shall subject any Bank (or its Lending
Office) to any tax, duty or other charge with respect to its





34
<PAGE>


Fixed Rate Loans, its Notes or its obligation to make Fixed
Rate Loans, or shall change the basis of taxation of payments
to any Bank (or its Lending Office) of the principal of or
interest on its Fixed Rate Loans or any other amounts due
under this Agreement in respect of its Fixed Rate Loans or
its obligation to make Fixed Rate Loans (except for changes
in franchise taxes on the overall net income of such Bank or
its Lending office imposed by any jurisdiction in which such
Bank's principal executive office or Lending Office is
located); or

(ii)    shall impose, modify or deem applicable any
reserve, special deposit or similar requirement (including,
without limitation, any such requirement imposed by the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System but excluding with
respect to any Euro-Dollar Loan any such requirement included
in an applicable Euro-Dollar Reserve Percentage) against
assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit
extended by, any Bank (or its Lending Office) or shall impose
on any Bank (or its Lending Office) or on the United States
market for certificates of deposit or the London interbank
market any other condition affecting its Fixed Rate Loans, its
Notes or its obligation to make Fixed Rate Loans;

and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such
Bank (or its Lending Office) of making or maintaining any Fixed Rate
Loan, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by
such Bank (or its Lending Office) under this Agreement or under its
Notes with respect thereto by an amount deemed by such Bank to be
material, then, within 15 days after demand by such Bank, the Borrower
shall pay to such Bank such additional amount or amounts as will
compensate such Bank for such increased cost or reduction.

(b)      If after the date hereof, any Bank shall have
determined that the adoption of any applicable law, rule or regulation
regarding capital adequacy, or any change therein, or any
administration thereof by any governmental authority, central bank or
comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration
thereof, or compliance by any Bank (or its Lending Office) with any
request or directive regarding capital adequacy (whether or not having
the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable
agency, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on
such Bank's capital as a consequence of its obligations hereunder to a
level below that which such Bank could have achieved but for such
adoption, change or compliance (taking into consideration such Bank's
policies with respect to capital adequacy) by an amount deemed by such
Bank to be





35
<PAGE>


material, then from time to time, within 15 days after demand by such
Bank, the Borrower shall pay to such Bank such additional amount or
amounts as will compensate such Bank for such reduction.

(c)      Each Bank will promptly notify the Borrower of any
event of which it has knowledge, occurring after the date hereof,
which will entitle such Bank to compensation pursuant to this Section
and will designate a different Lending Office if such designation will
avoid the need for, or reduce the amount of, such compensation and
will not, in the judgment of such Bank, be otherwise disadvantageous
to such Bank. A certificate of any Bank claiming compensation under
this Section and setting forth the additional amount or amounts to be
paid to it hereunder shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest
error. In determining such amount, such Bank may use any reasonable
averaging and attribution methods.

SECTION 7.04. PRIME LOANS SUBSTITUTED FOR AFFECTED FIXED RATE LOANS.
If (i) the obligation of any Bank to make Euro-Dollar Loans has been suspended
pursuant to Section 7.02 or (ii) any Bank has demanded compensation under
Section 7.03(a) and the Borrower shall, by at least three Euro-Dollar Business
Days' prior notice to such Bank, have elected that the provisions of this
Section shall apply to such Bank, then, unless and until such Bank notifies the
Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such suspension or demand for
compensation no longer apply:

(a)      all Loans which would otherwise be made by such Bank
as Euro-Dollar Loans shall be made instead as Prime Loans (on which
interest and principal shall be payable contemporaneously with the
related Fixed Rate Loans of the other Banks), and

(b)      after each of its Euro-Dollar Loans has been repaid,
all payments of principal which would otherwise be applied to repay
such Fixed Rate Loans shall be applied to repay its Prime Loans
instead.

SECTION 7.05. BORROWER'S ELECTION TO SUBSTITUTE OR TERMINATE. If (i)
the obligation of any Bank to make Euro-Dollar Loans has been suspended
pursuant to Section 7.02 or (ii) any Bank has demanded compensation under
Section 7.03, the Borrower may either (a) seek a substitute bank or banks
(which may be one or more of the Banks) to purchase the Notes and assume the
Commitment of such Bank, without the approval of the other Banks or (b) elect
to terminate this Agreement as to such Bank, and in connection therewith not to
borrow any Prime Loan provided for in Section 7.02 or to prepay any Prime Loan
made pursuant to Section 7.02 or 7.04; provided, in the case of an election
under clause (b), that the Borrower (x) notifies such Bank of such election at
least three Euro-Dollar Business Days before any date fixed for such a





36
<PAGE>


borrowing or such a prepayment, as the case may be, and (y) repays all of such
Bank's outstanding Loans at the end of the respective Interest Periods
applicable thereto or as otherwise required by Section 7.02.  Upon receipt by
any Bank of such notice, the Commitment of such Bank shall terminate, provided
that the Borrower shall continue to pay such Bank a facility fee at the rate
set forth in Section 2.08 on the daily average aggregate principal amount of
such Bank's outstanding Loans, until such Loans are repaid.

ARTICLE VIII

MISCELLANEOUS


SECTION 8.01. NOTICES.  All notices, requests and other communications
to any party hereunder shall be in writing (including bank wire, telex,
facsimile or similar writing) and shall be given to such party at its address
or telex or facsimile number set forth on the signature pages hereof or such
other address or telex or facsimile number as such party may hereafter specify
for the purpose by notice to the other Banks and the Borrower.  Each such
notice, request or other communication shall be effective (i) if given by
telex, when such telex is transmitted to the telex number specified in this
Section and the appropriate answerback is received, (ii) if given by facsimile,
when such facsimile is transmitted to the facsimile number specified in this
Section and telephonic confirmation is received; (iii) if given by mail, five
Domestic Business Days after such communication is deposited in the mails with
first class postage prepaid addressed as aforesaid or (iv) if given by any
other means, when delivered at the address specified in this Section.  Any
notice, request or other communication given by facsimile shall also be given
by personal delivery or by mail, but such notice, request or other
communication given by facsimile shall be effective as set forth in clause (ii)
above.

SECTION 8.02. NO WAIVERS.  No failure or delay by any Bank in
exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder or under any Note shall
operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof
preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other
right, power or privilege.  The rights and remedies herein provided shall be
cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.

SECTION 8.03. EXPENSES; DOCUMENTARY TAXES.  The Borrower shall pay (i)
all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Banks, including fees and
disbursements of special counsel for the Banks, in connection with the review
of this Agreement, review or preparation of any waiver or consent hereunder or
any amendment hereof or any Default or alleged Default hereunder and (ii) if an
Event of Default occurs, all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Bank,
including fees and disbursements of counsel (or the





37
<PAGE>


reasonable allocable costs and disbursements of any Bank's in-house counsel),
in connection with such Event of Default and collection and other enforcement
proceedings resulting therefrom. The Borrower shall indemnify each Bank against
any transfer taxes, documentary taxes, assessments or charges made by any
governmental authority by reason of the execution and delivery of this
Agreement or the Notes. The obligations of the Borrower under this Section 8.03
shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

SECTION 8.04. SET-OFFS.

(a)      Upon (i) the occurrence and during the continuance of
any Event of Default and (ii) the making of the request specified in
Section 6.01 to authorize the Banks to declare the Notes due and
payable pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.01, each Bank is
hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits
(general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time
held and other indebtedness at any time owing by such Bank to or for
the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all of the
obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this
Agreement and the Notes held by such Bank, irrespective of whether or
not such Bank shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any
such Note and although such obligations may be unmatured.  Each Bank
agrees promptly to notify the Borrower after any such set-off and
application made by such Bank, provided that the failure to give such
notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application.
The rights of each Bank under this Section are in addition to other
rights and remedies (including, without limitation, other rights of
set-off) which such Bank may have.

(b)      Each Bank agrees that if it shall, by exercising any
right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, receive payment of a
proportion of the aggregate amount of principal and interest due with
respect to any Note held by it which is greater than the proportion
received by any other Bank in respect of the aggregate amount of
principal and interest due with respect to any Note held by such other
Bank (a "non-pro rata payment"), the Bank receiving such non-pro rata
payment shall promptly purchase such participations in the Notes held
by the other Banks, and such other adjustments shall be made, as may
be required so that all such non-pro rata payments shall be shared by
the Banks (i) pro rata in accordance with the principal amounts of
their Notes (other than Money Market Notes) to the extent that such
non-pro rata payment does not exceed the aggregate amount of principal
and interest due with respect to such Notes and (ii) pro rata in
accordance with the principal amount of their Money Market Notes, to
the extent that such non-pro rata payment exceeds the amount referred
to in clause (i); provided that nothing in this Section shall





38
<PAGE>


impair the right of any Bank to exercise any right of set-off or
counterclaim it may have and to apply the amount subject to such
exercise to the payment of indebtedness of the Borrower other than its
indebtedness under the Notes.  The Borrower agrees, to the fullest
extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any holder
of a participation in a Note, whether or not acquired pursuant to the
foregoing arrangements, may exercise rights of set-off or counterclaim
and other rights with respect to such participation as fully as if
such holder of a participation were a direct creditor of the Borrower
in the amount of such participation. Each Bank receiving any non-pro
rata payment shall notify the Borrower and the other Banks of such
payment within five Domestic Business Days after receipt.

SECTION 8.05. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS. Any provision of this Agreement
or the Notes may be amended or waived if, but only if, such amendment or waiver
is in writing and is signed by the Borrower and the Majority Banks; and
provided that no such amendment, waiver or modification shall, unless signed by
all the Banks, (i) increase the Commitment of any Bank or subject any Bank to
any additional obligation, (ii) reduce the principal of or rate of interest on
any Loan or any fees hereunder, (iii) postpone the date fixed for any payment
of principal of or interest on any Loan or any fees hereunder (including,
without being limited to, any amendment to the definition of "Interest Period"
having such effect) or (iv) change the percentage of the Commitments, Available
Commitments or of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Notes, or the
number of Banks, which shall be required for the Banks or any of them to take
any action under this Section or any other provision of this Agreement.

SECTION 8.06. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.

(a)      The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns; provided, however, that:

(i)         the Borrower may not assign or otherwise
transfer any of its rights under this Agreement;

(ii)        no Bank may assign or otherwise transfer
(including,without being limited to, by means of granting
participations therein) (each such assignment, grant of
participation, or other transfer, a "Transfer") any part of
its Commitment to any other Person without the prior written
consent of the Borrower, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld, other than

(x)      to a Person which controls, is
controlled by, or is under common control with, or is
otherwise substantially affiliated with, such Bank,



39
<PAGE>


or

(y)      if, after giving effect to such
Transfer, all Transfers by such Bank to Persons other
than those described in clause (x) above do not
exceed, in the aggregate, 40% of such Bank's
Commitment and each such Transfer is in an amount at
least equal to $5,000,000;

and, provided further, that except in the case of a Transfer
of its Commitment pursuant to clause (x) or (y) above, no Bank
shall be relieved of any of its obligations under this
Agreement by virtue of any Transfer made without the prior
written consent of the Borrower, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of this Section 8.06(a), each Bank may make
Transfers of all or any part of its Loans to any other Person
without the consent of the Borrower or any other Bank.

(iii)         as a condition to the effectiveness of any
Transfer by any Bank of any part of its Commitment or any part
of its Loans pursuant to the foregoing provisions of
subparagraph (ii), such Bank or such transferee shall pay to
the Borrower a fee for such Transfer in the amount of $2,000;
provided, however, that no such fee shall be payable upon the
pledge of a Note to any Federal Reserve Bank, the grant of a
participation interest nor as a result of a Transfer to a
Person which controls, is controlled by, or is under common
control with, or is otherwise substantially affiliated with
the Bank making the Transfer.

(b)      Each Bank and the Borrower may, for all purposes of
this Agreement, treat any Bank as the holder of any Note drawn to its
order (and owner of the Loans evidenced thereby) until written notice
of assignment, participation or other transfer shall have been
received by them.

(c)      No assignee, participant or other transferee of any
Bank's rights shall be entitled to receive any greater payment under
Section 7.03 than such Bank would have been entitled to receive with
respect to the rights transferred, unless such transfer is made with
the Borrower's prior written consent or by reason of the provisions of
Section 7.02 or 7.03 requiring such Bank to designate a different
Lending Office under certain circumstances or at a time when the
circumstances giving rise to such greater payment did not exist.

(d)      If any Euro-Dollar Reference Bank assigns its Notes
to an unaffiliated institution the Borrower with the consent of the
Majority Banks, shall appoint another bank to act as a





40
<PAGE>


Euro-Dollar Reference Bank hereunder.

(e)      Promptly upon the written request of any Bank
therefor, the Borrower shall deliver to such Bank a list of all of the
Banks then having a Commitment or holding a Note hereunder and, as to
each such listed Bank, the amount of such Bank's Commitment and the
aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans owing to such Bank.

SECTION 8.07. COLLATERAL.  Each of the Banks represents to each of the
other Banks that it in good faith is not relying upon any "margin stock" (as
defined in Regulation U) as collateral in the extension or maintenance of the
credit provided for in this Agreement.

SECTION 8.08.  INDEMNIFICATION.  The Borrower shall indemnify and hold
harmless each Bank from and against any and all liabilities, obligations,
losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses,
advances or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, without
limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees) which may be imposed on, incurred by or
asserted against such Bank relating to or arising out of the Borrower's use of
the proceeds of the Loans; provided, however, that the Borrower shall not be
liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages,
penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses, advances or
disbursements resulting from such Bank's gross negligence or willful
misconduct.  The obligations of the Borrower under this Section 8.08 shall
survive the repayment of the Loans and the termination of the Commitments.

SECTION 8.09. NEW YORK LAW.  This Agreement and each Note shall be
construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York.

SECTION 8.10. COUNTERPARTS; EFFECTIVENESS.  This Agreement may be
signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with
the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same
instrument. This Agreement shall become effective on the Business Day (the
"Effective Date") on which Citibank, N.A shall have received counterparts
hereof signed by all of the parties hereto with instructions to deliver all
such counterparts signed by Banks.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to
be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year
first above written.

COCA-COLA ENTERPRISES INC.


By: VICKI G. ROMAN





41
<PAGE>


Vicki G. Roman
Vice President and Treasurer


Coca-Cola Plaza, N.W.
Atlanta, Georgia 30313
Attention:   Vicki G. Roman
Vice President and Treasurer
Facsimile Number: (404) 989-3061





42
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                        <C>
Commitments
$100,000,000.00                            BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST AND
SAVINGS ASSOCIATION




By            WAYNE H. RIESS

Printed Name: Wayne H. Riess

Title:        VICE PRESIDENT

Domestic Lending Office:
Bank of America National Trust
and Savings Association
1850 Gateway Boulevard
Concord, California 94520
Attention:  Aaron Wilson
Telex Number:  34346  Ansbk:  BANKAMERSF.
Facsimile Number:  510-675-7531
Telephone Number:  510-675-7485

Euro-Dollar Lending Office:
Bank of America National Trust
and Savings Association
1850 Gateway Boulevard
Concord, California 94520
Attention:  Aaron Wilson
Telex Number:  34346  Ansbk:  BANKAMERSF.
Facsimile Number:  510-675-7531
Telephone Number:  510-675-7485

with a copy to:
Bank of America National Trust
and Savings Association
Attention:  Wayne H. Riess
Suite 3600
1230 Peachtree Street, N.E.
Atlanta, Georgia 30309
Facsimile Number:  404-249-6938
Telephone Number:  404-249-6914
</TABLE>





<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                        <C>
Commitments

$100,000,000.00                            CITIBANK, N.A.


By:           BARBARA A. COHEN

Printed Name: Barbara A. Cohen

Title:        Vice President

Domestic Lending Office:
Citibank, N.A.
399 Park Avenue
New York, New York 10043
ABA #021000089
Account No.:  4058-0628
Re:  Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc.

with a copy to:

Citibank, N.A.
c/o Citicorp North America, Inc.
Suite 600
400 Perimeter Center Terrace
Atlanta, Georgia 30346
Attention:  Horacio Torrendell
Telex Number: 127001 Route ATLAD
Facsimile Number: 404-668-8137

Euro-Dollar Lending Office:
Citibank, N.A.
399 Park Avenue
New York, New York 10043
ABA #021000089
Account No.:  4058-0628
Re:  Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc.

with a copy to:

Citibank, N.A.
c/o Citicorp North America, Inc.
Suite 600
400 Perimeter Center Terrace
Atlanta, Georgia 30346
Attention:  Horacio Torrendell
Telex Number: 127001 Route ATLAD
Facsimile Number: 404-668-8137

</TABLE>
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                        <C>
Commitments
$100,000,000.00                            THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF CHICAGO



By:           STEVEN B. FARLEY

Printed Name: Steven B. Farley

Title:        Vice President

Domestic Lending Office:
One First National Plaza
Suite 0634 - 10th Floor
Chicago, Illinois 60670
Attention:   John Loizzo
Telex Number: 4330253
Facsimile Number: 312-732-4840
Telephone Number:  312-732-4118

Euro-Dollar Lending Office:
One First National Plaza
Suite 0634 - 10th Floor
Chicago, Illinois 60670
Attention:   John Loizzo
Telex Number: 4330253
Facsimile Number: 312-732-4840
Telephone Number:  312-732-4118

Wiring Instructions:
The First National Bank of Chicago
Attn:   DCS Incoming Clearing Account
A/C# 7521-7653
ABA:    071000013 CHICAGO, IL.

</TABLE>
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                        <C>
Commitments
$100,000,000.00                            NATIONSBANK OF TEXAS, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION



By:           CHARLES J. JOHNSON

Printed Name: Charles J. Johnson

Title:        Vice President

Domestic Lending Office:
901 Main Street
Dallas, Texas 75202
Attention:  Geri Lewis
Telex Number:  6829 317-Nations Bk BDL
Facsimile Number: 214-508-2515

Euro-Dollar Lending Office:
901 Main Street
Dallas, Texas 75202
Attention:  Geri Lewis
Telex Number:  6829 317-Nations Bk BDL
Facsimile Number: 214-508-2515

</TABLE>
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                        <C>
Commitments
$100,000,000.00                            UNION BANK OF SWITZERLAND,
NEW YORK BRANCH



By:           ROBERT W. CASEY JR.

Printed Name: Robert W. Casey Jr.

Title:        Vice President


By:           LAURENT CHAIX

Printed Name: Laurent Chaix

Title:        Assistant Vice President


Domestic Lending Office:
New York Branch
299 Park Avenue
New York, New York 10171
Attention: Robert W. Casey, Jr.
Telex Number: 426239
Facsimile Number: 212-821-3383

Euro-Dollar Lending Office:
Cayman Island Branch
299 Park Avenue
New York, New York 10171
Attention: Robert W. Casey, Jr.
Telex Number: 426239
Facsimile Number: 212-821-3383

</TABLE>
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                        <C>
Commitments
$100,000,000.00                            TEXAS COMMERCE BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION




By:           WILLIAM B. PYLE

Printed Name: William B. Pyle

Title:        Senior Vice President


Domestic Lending Office:
712 Main Street
3-TCBN-59
Houston, Texas 77002-8059
Attention:  William Pyle
Telex Number: 516-6350
Facsimile Number: 713-216-6710
Telephone Number: 713-216-5609

Euro-Dollar Lending Office:
712 Main Street
3-TCBN-59
Houston, Texas 77002-8059
Attention: William Pyle
Telex Number: 516-6350
Facsimile Number: 713-216-6710
Telephone Number: 713-216-5609

</TABLE>
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                        <C>
Commitments
$75,000,000.00                             TRUST COMPANY BANK



By:           KEVIN S. MACDONALD

Printed Name: Kevin S. MacDonald

Title:        Assistant Vice President


By:           J. CHRISTOPHER DEISLEY

Printed Name: J. Christoper Deisley

Title:        Vice President

Domestic Lending Office:
25 Park Place
23rd Floor
Atlanta, Georgia 30303
Attention: David H. Eidson
Telex Number: 542210
Facsimile Number: 404-588-8833

Euro-Dollar Lending Office:
25 Park Place
23rd Floor
Atlanta, Georgia 30303
Attention: David H. Eidson
Telex Number: 542210
Facsimile Number: 404-588-8833

</TABLE>
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                        <C>
Commitments
$75,000,000.00                             WACHOVIA BANK OF GEORGIA, N.A.



By:           BRADLEY S. MARCUS

Printed Name: Bradley S. Marcus

Title:        Senior Vice President

Domestic Lending Office:
191 Peachtree Street, N.E.
Atlanta, Georgia 30303-1757
Attention: Bradley S. Marcus
Facsimile Number: 404-332-5016

Euro-Dollar Lending Office:
191 Peachtree Street, N.E.
Atlanta, Georgia 30303-1757
Attention: Bradley S. Marcus
Facsimile Number: 404-332-5016

</TABLE>
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                        <C>
Commitments
$75,000,000.00                             CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE



By:           WILLIAM C. HUMPHRIES

Printed Name: William C. Humphries

Title:        Authorized Signatory

Domestic Lending Office:
2727 Paces Ferry Road
Two Paces West, Suite 1200
Atlanta, Georgia 30339
Attention:  William C. Humphries
Facsimile Number:  404-319-4954

Euro-Dollar Lending Office:
2727 Paces Ferry Road
Two Paces West, Suite 1200
Atlanta, Georgia 30339
Attention:  William C. Humphries
Facsimile Number:  404-319-4954

</TABLE>
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                        <C>
Commitments
$60,000,000.00                             TORONTO DOMINION (TEXAS), INC.


By:           LISA ALLISON

Printed Name: Lisa Allison

Title:        Vice President

Domestic Lending Office:
Suite 1700
909 Fannin Street
Houston, Texas 77010
Attention:  Lisa Allison
Facsimile Number:  713-951-9921

Euro-Dollar Lending Office:
Suite 1700
909 Fannin Street
Houston, Texas 77010
Attention:  Lisa Allison
Facsimile Number:  713-951-9921

</TABLE>
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                     <C>
Commitments
$50,000,000.00                             SWISS BANK CORPORATION, NEW YORK BRANCH
AND CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH



By:           NICOLAS T. ERNI

Printed Name: Nicolas T. Erni

Associate Director
Title:        Credit Risk Management


By:           STEPHANIE W. KIM

Printed Name: Stephanie W. Kim

Associate Director
Title:        Merchant Banking

Domestic Lending Office:
222 Broadway 4th Floor
New York, New York 10038
Attention:  Nicolas Erni
Telex Number:  RCA 232432 sbny ur
Facsimile Number:     212-574-3852
Telephone Number:     212-574-3343

Euro-Dollar Lending Office:
Swiss Bank Corporation,
Cayman Islands Branch
222 Broadway 4th Floor
New York, New York 10038
Attention:  Nicholas Erni
Telex Number: RCA 232432 sbny ur
Facsimile Number:     212-574-3852
Telephone Number:     212-574-3443

</TABLE>
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                        <C>
Commitments
$30,000,000.00                             MELLON BANK, N.A




By:           CHARLES M. STAUB

Printed Name: Charles M. Staub

Title:        Vice President

Domestic Lending Office:
Three Mellon Bank Center
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15258-0003
Attention: Jacqueline Lucas
Telex Number: 812367
Facsimile Number: 412-234-5049

Euro-Dollar Lending Office:
Three Mellon Bank Center
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15258-0003
Attention: Jacqueline Lucas
Telex Number: 812367
Facsimile Number: 412-234-5049

</TABLE>
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                        <C>
Commitment
$25,000,000.00                             THE NORTHERN TRUST COMPANY



By:           KRISTINA V. L. WARLAND

Printed Name: Kristina V. L. Warland

Title:        Second Vice President

Domestic Lending Office:
50 South LaSalle Street
Chicago, Illinois 60675
Attention:  Kristina V. L. Warland
Facsimile Number:  312-444-3508

Euro-Dollar Lending Office:
50 South LaSalle Street
Chicago, Illinois 60675
Attention:  Kristina V. L. Warland
Facsimile Number:  312-444-3508

</TABLE>
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                        <C>
Commitment
$10,000,000                                ABN AMRO Bank, N.W.
Atlanta Agency




By:           STEVEN L. HIPSMAN

Printed Name: Steven L. Hipsman

Title:        Vice President



By:           PATRICK A. THOM

Printed Name: Patrick A. Thom

Title:        Assistant Vice President

Address for Notices:
One Ravinia Drive, Suite 1200
Atlanta, Georgia 30346
Attention:  Patrick A. Thom
Telephone Number:  (404) 396-0066
Facsimile Number:  (404) 395-9188
Telex Number:  682 7258
Answerback:  ABNBANKATL

</TABLE>
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT A


DOMESTIC NOTE

New York, New York
19

For value received, Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the "Borrower"), promises to pay to the order of _____________________________
_________________________________ (the "Bank"), for the account of its Domestic
Lending Office, the unpaid principal amount of each Domestic Loan made by the
Bank to the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement referred to below on the
last day of the Interest Period relating to such Loan. The Borrower promises to
pay interest on the unpaid Principal amount of each such Domestic Loan on the
dates and at the rate or rates provided for in the Credit Agreement.  All such
payments of principal and interest shall be made in lawful money of the United
States in federal or other immediately available finds at the Domestic Lending
Office of the Bank.

All Domestic Loans made by the Bank, the respective maturities thereof
and all repayments of the principal thereof shall be recorded by the Bank and,
prior to any transfer hereof, endorsed by the Bank on the schedule attached
hereto, or on a continuation of such schedule attached to and made a part
hereof, provided that the failure of the Bank to make any such recordation or
endorsement shall not affect the obligations of the Borrower hereunder or under
the Credit Agreement.

In addition to interest at the rate or rates provided for in the
Credit Agreement, the Borrower shall pay to the Bank a facility fee at the rate
or rates provided in Section 2.08 of the Credit Agreement.

This note is one of the Domestic Notes referred to in the Credit
Agreement dated as of _______, 1994 among the Borrower and the Banks listed on
the signature pages thereof (as the same may be amended from time to time, the
"Credit Agreement").  Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein
with the same meanings. Reference is made to the Credit Agreement for
provisions for the prepayment hereof and the acceleration of the maturity
hereof.

COCA-COLA ENTERPRISES INC.




By:

Title:


<PAGE>


EXHIBIT B



EURO-DOLLAR NOTE
New York, New York
, 19

For value received, Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the "Borrower"), promises to pay to the order of _____________________________
____________________________________________________________(the "Bank"), for
the account of its Euro-Dollar Lending Office, the unpaid principal amount of
each Euro-Dollar Loan made by the Bank to the Borrower pursuant to the Credit
Agreement referred to below on the last day of the Interest Period relating to
such Loan. The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount
of each such Euro-Dollar Loan on the dates and at the rate or rates provided
for in the Credit Agreement. All such payments of principal and interest shall
be made in lawful money of the United States in federal or other immediately
available funds at the Domestic Lending Office of the Bank.

All Euro-Dollar Loans made by the Bank, the respective maturities
thereof and all repayments of the principal thereof shall be recorded by the
Bank and, prior to any transfer hereof, endorsed by the Bank on the schedule
attached hereto, or on a continuation of such schedule attached to and made a
part hereof, provided that the failure of the Bank to make any such recordation
or endorsement shall not affect the obligations of the Borrower hereunder or
under the Credit Agreement.

In addition to interest at the rate or rates provided for in the
Credit Agreement, the Borrower shall pay to the Bank a facility fee at the rate
or rates provided in Section 2.08 of the Credit Agreement.

This note is one of the Euro-Dollar Notes referred to in the Credit
Agreement dated as of _________, 1994 among the Borrower and the Banks listed
on the signature pages thereof (as the same may be amended from time to time,
the "Credit Agreement"). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein
with the same meaning.  Reference is made to the Credit Agreement for
provisions for the prepayment hereof and the acceleration of the maturity
hereof.

COCA-COLA ENTERPRISES INC.





By:

Title:
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT C


MONEY MARKET NOTE
New York, New York
,19



For value received, Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the "Borrower"), promises to pay to the order of ____________________________
_______________________________________________ (the "Bank"), for the account of
its Money Market Lending Office, the aggregate unpaid principal amount of each
Money Market Loan made by the Bank to the Borrower pursuant to the Credit
Agreement referred to below on the last day of the Interest Period relating to
such Loan. The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount
of each such Money Market Loan on the dates and at the rate or rates provided
for in the Credit Agreement. All such payments of principal and interest shall
be made in lawful money of the United States in Federal or other immediately
available funds at the Domestic Lending Office of the Bank.

All Money Market Loans made by the Bank, the respective maturities
thereof and all repayments of the principal thereof shall be recorded by the
Bank and, prior to any transfer hereof, endorsed by the Bank on the schedule
attached hereto, or on a continuation of such schedule attached to and made a
part hereof, provided that the failure of the Bank to make any such recordation
or endorsement shall not affect the obligations of the Borrower hereunder or
under the Credit Agreement.

In addition to interest at the rate or rates provided for in the
Credit Agreement, the Borrower shall pay to the Bank a facility fee at the rate
or rates provided in Section 2.08 of the Credit Agreement.

This note is one of the Money Market Notes referred to in the Credit
Agreement dated as of __________, 1994, among the Borrower and the banks listed
on the signature ages thereof (as the same may be amended from time to time,
the "Credit Agreement").  Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein
with the same meanings.  Reference is made to the Credit Agreement for
provisions for the prepayment hereof and the acceleration of the maturity
hereof.


COCA-COLA ENTERPRISES INC.



By:

Title:

<PAGE>


EXHIBIT D



FORM OF INVITATION FOR MONEY MARKET QUOTES




To:          [Name of Bank]

Re:          Invitation for Money Market Quotes to Coca-Cola Enterprises
Inc. (the "Borrower")


Pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Credit Agreement dated as of ________,
1994 among the Borrower and the Banks parties thereto, we are pleased on behalf
of the Borrower to invite you to submit Money Market Quotes to the Borrower to
for the following proposed Money Market Borrowing(s):


Date of Borrowing:

Principal Amount                  Interest Period

$

Such Money Market Quotes should offer a Money Market [Margin] [Rate].

Please respond to this invitation by no later than [11:00 A.M.] [9:00
AM.] (New York City time) on [date].

COCA-COLA ENTERPRISES INC.


By:
Authorized Officer

<PAGE>

EXHIBIT E

FORM OF MONEY MARKET QUOTE


Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc.
Coca-Cola Plaza, N.W.
Atlanta, Georgia 30313
Attention:

Re:  Money Market Quote to Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. (the "Borrower")

In response to your invitation dated __________________, we
hereby make the following Money Market Quote on the following terms:

1. Quoting Bank:

2. Person to contact at Quoting Bank:

3. Date of Borrowing:

4. We hereby offer to make Money Market Loan(s) in the following
principal amounts, for the following Interest Periods and at the following
rates:
MONEY MARKET
PRINCIPAL AMOUNT**    INTEREST PERIOD***    [MARGIN***] [RATE*****]
$
$



*As specified in the related Invitation.

**Principal amount bid for each Interest Period may not exceed
principal amount requested.  Bids must be made for $1,000,000 or a larger
multiple thereof.

***1,2,3 or 6 months, as specified in the related Invitation.

****Margin over or under the London Interbank Offered Rate determined
for the applicable Interest Period. Specify percentage (rounded to nearest
1/10,000 of 1%) and specify whether "PLUS" or "MINUS."

*****Specify rate of interest per annum (rounded to the nearest
1/10,000th of 1%).

<PAGE>

EXHIBIT E (Cont.)


We understand and agree that the offer(s) set forth above, subject to
the satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement
dated as of ________, 1994 among the Borrower and the Banks listed on the
signature pages thereof, irrevocably obligates us to make the Money Market
Loan(s) for which any offer(s) are accepted, in whole or in part.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF BANK]



Dated:                       By:
Authorized Officer

<PAGE>

EXHIBIT F




[FORM OF OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE BORROWER]

[Dated as provided in
Section 3.02 of the
Credit Agreement]

To the Banks Referred to Below


COCA-COLA ENTERPRISES INC.

Ladies/Gentlemen:

This opinion is furnished to you at the direction of our client,
Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. (the "Borrower"), pursuant to Section 3.02(b) of the
Credit Agreement dated as of _______, 1994 (the "Credit Agreement") among the
Borrower and the Banks parties thereto.  Terms defined in the Credit Agreement
are used herein as therein defined.

We have acted as counsel for the Borrower in connection with the
preparation, execution and delivery of, and the initial Borrowing made under,
the Credit Agreement.

In that connection we have examined:

(1)      the Credit Agreement;

(2)      the documents furnished by the Borrower pursuant to
Article III of the Credit Agreement;

(3)      the Certificate of Incorporation of the Borrower and
all amendments thereto (the "Charter"); and

(4)      the by-laws of the Borrower and all amendments
thereto (the "By-laws").

We have also examined the originals, or copies certified to our satisfaction,
of the documents listed in a certificate of the chief financial officer of the
Borrower, dated the date hereof (the "Certificate"), certifying that the
documents listed in such certificate are all of the indentures, Loan or credit
agreements, leases, mortgages, security agreements, bonds, notes and other
agreements or instruments, and all of the orders, writs, judgments, awards,
injunctions and decrees, which affect or purport to affect the Borrower's right
to borrow money or the Borrower's obligations under the Credit Agreement or the
Notes. In addition, we have examined the originals, or copies certified to our
satisfaction, of such other corporate records of the Borrower, certificates of


<PAGE>


public officials and of officers of the Borrower, and agreements, instruments
and documents, as we have deemed necessary as a basis for the opinions
hereinafter expressed. As to questions of fact material to such opinions, we
have, when relevant facts were not independently established by us, relied upon
certificates of the Borrower or its officers or of public officials (including
telex and telephone confirmations of such certificates), and in such instances
we have made no independent inquiry with respect to such factual matters.

We have assumed that the Banks have all requisite power and authority
to enter into and perform under the Credit Agreement, and that such document
has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Banks and constitute
legal, valid and binding obligations of the Banks.

The opinions expressed herein are limited in all respects to the laws
of the State of Georgia, the general corporate law of the State of Delaware,
and the federal laws of the United States, and no opinion is being rendered
herein with respect to the effect, if any, which the laws of any other
jurisdiction may have on the opinions rendered herein.

Based upon the foregoing and upon such investigation as we have deemed
necessary, we are of the following opinion:

1.       The Borrower is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

2.       The execution, delivery and performance by the
Borrower of the Credit Agreement and the Notes are within the
Borrower's corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate action, and do not contravene (i) the Charter or
the By-laws or (ii) any law, rule or regulation applicable to the
Borrower (including, without limitation, Regulation X of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System) or (iii) any contractual or
legal restriction contained in any document listed in the Certificate
or insofar as is known to us, contained in any other similar document
to which the Borrower is a party.  The Credit Agreement and the Notes
delivered on the date hereof have been duly executed and delivered on
behalf of the Borrower.

3.       No authorization, approval or other action by, and no
notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory
body is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by
the Borrower of the Credit Agreement or the Notes.

4.       Insofar as is known to us, there is no pending or
threatened action or proceeding against the Borrower or any





Page 2
<PAGE>


of its subsidiaries before any court, governmental agency or
arbitrator which is likely to have a materially adverse effect upon
the financial condition of the operations of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole. In rendering the foregoing opinion, we
have assumed that, in any such action or proceeding where the total
damages or other monetary relief sought is not likely to result in a
judgment against the Borrower or its subsidiaries in excess of
$15,000,000, such action or proceeding would not be likely to have any
materially adverse effect on the financial conditions or operations of
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

5.       Each of the Credit Agreement and the Notes provides
that such document is to be governed by the laws of the State of New
York.  Under applicable Georgia case law, if examined by a Georgia
Court or a federal court sitting in Georgia as the forum state and
applying Georgia conflict of laws rules (in either case a "Georgia
Court"), the Georgia Court should give effect to the choice of law
provisions of the parties as contained in the Credit Agreement and the
Notes unless it were to determine that (i) the State of New York has
no substantial relationship to the parties or the transaction, or (ii)
the result obtained from applying New York law would be contrary to
Georgia public policy.  Because choice of law issues are decided on a
case-by-case basis, depending on the facts of the particular
transactions, we are unable to conclude with certainty that a Georgia
Court would give effect to those provisions of the Credit Agreement
and the Notes designating New York governing law.  Nevertheless, based
on existing Georgia case law and on the facts of this transaction
(including, without limitation, the fact that the Credit Agreement and
the Notes will be executed and delivered to the Banks in New York and
that a substantial amount of the payments under the Credit Agreement
and the Notes are payable to the Banks in New York), we believe that a
Georgia Court should conclude that New York has a substantial
relationship to the parties and transaction. We are aware of no
Georgia laws or current Georgia cases which indicate that giving
effect to the provisions of the Credit Agreement (excluding Section
8.04 as to which we express no opinion) and the Notes designating New
York law (including, without limitation, the usury law of New York) as
the governing law would violate Georgia public policy, except with
respect to (i) the provisions of Article II of the Credit Agreement to
the extent such provisions would require payment of interest (whether
due to acceleration, prepayment or otherwise) in an amount greater
than five percent (5%) per month, or (ii) Section 2.07 of the Credit
Agreement to the extent said section would require payment of interest
on unpaid interest, or would require payment of additional amounts as
a result of the occurrence of any Event of Default and such provision





Page 3
<PAGE>


were deemed to be a penalty (although we believe that under current
Georgia case law, a court should conclude that such provision does not
constitute a penalty).

6.       If a court were to determine that, notwithstanding
the provisions of Section 8.08 of the Credit Agreement, the Credit
Agreement and the Notes are governed by, and construed in accordance
with, the internal laws of the State of Georgia, the Credit Agreement
and the Notes would be, under such laws, legal, valid and binding
obligations of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in
accordance with their respective terms, except (i) as may be limited
by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally, and by general
principles of equity (regardless of whether considered in a proceeding
in equity or at lawn (ii) that enforceability of Section 8.03(ii) of
the Credit Agreement requiring payment by the Borrower of costs of
collection, including attorneys' fees, is subject to compliance by the
Banks with O.C.G.A Section  13-1-11, (iii) that no opinion is
expressed herein with respect to those provisions of the Credit
Agreement referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) in paragraph 5 above,
and (iv) that we express no opinion as to the enforceability of any
provision of the Credit Agreement or the Notes allowing the Banks to
accelerate the maturity of the indebtedness evidenced thereby without
notice to the Borrower, but no such lack of enforceability will, in
our judgment, substantially interfere with the practical realization
by the Banks of the Banks' rights under the Credit Agreement and the
Notes except for the economic consequences of any procedural delay
which may be occasioned by such lack of enforceability.

In expressing the opinion set out above, we have assumed,
without independent inquiry, the following: (i) the rate of interest
payable by the Borrower under the terms of the Credit Agreement and
the Notes, including, without limitation, loan origination fees,
discount points, expenses and other fees and charges (including
amounts payable to the Banks by Borrower for payment in reimbursement
of the Banks' cost and expenses or otherwise to defray the Banks'
costs and expenses), whether or not denominated as interest, will not
under any circumstances, whether by reason of prepayment, acceleration
or otherwise, exceed five percent (5%) per month, and that no such
interest or charges constitute precomputed interest within the meaning
of O.C.G.A Section  7-4-2(b); and (ii) unless the requirements of
O.C.G.A Section  7-4-17 are satisfied, no interest will be payable on
unpaid interest under the Credit Agreement and the Notes.

This letter is furnished by us for the sole benefit of the Banks. No
other person or entity shall be entitled to rely on this





Page 4
<PAGE>


opinion without our express written consent in each instance except that
Messrs. Sutherland Asbill & Brennan, special counsel to the Banks, may rely on
our opinions set forth herein as fully as if such opinions had been addressed
to such counsel for the purpose of rendering such counsel's opinion to the
Banks in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Credit Agreement.
This opinion is limited to the matters expressly stated herein as of the date
hereof, and no other opinions are implied or may be inferred.

Very truly yours,





Page 5
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT G



OPINION OF
SUTHERLAND, ASBILL & BRENNAN, SPECIAL COUNSEL
FOR THE BANKS

[Dated as provided in
Section 3.02 of the
Credit Agreement]

To the Banks Referred to Below

Dear Sirs:

We have participated in the preparation of the Credit Agreement (the
"Credit Agreement") dated as of -------, 1994 among Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the "Borrower") and the banks listed on the signature
pages thereof (the "Banks"), and have acted as special counsel for the Banks
for the purpose of rendering this opinion pursuant to Section 3.02(c) of the
Credit Agreement. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein as
therein defined.

We have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise
identified to our satisfaction, of such documents, corporate records,
certificates of public officials and other instruments and have conducted such
other investigations of fact and law as we have deemed necessary or advisable
for purposes of this of this opinion.  We have also examined the opinion of
Miller & Martin, counsel for the Borrower (the "M&M Opinion").  In our
examination of all documents, we have assumed the authenticity of all such
documents submitted to us as originals, the genuineness of all signatures, the
due authority of the parties, and the conformity to the originals of all such
documents submitted to us as copies. We have also assumed that each of the
Banks has duly executed and delivered, with all necessary power and authority
(corporate and other), the Credit Agreement.

To the extent that our opinion expressed below involves conclusions as
to the matters set forth in paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 of the M&M Opinion, we have
assumed without independent investigation the correctness of the matters set
forth in such paragraphs.

The opinion expressed herein is limited in all respects to the laws of
the State of Georgia, the laws of the State of New York, the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware to the extent included in paragraphs
1,2 and 3 of the M&M Opinion, and the federal law of the United States, and no
opinion is being rendered herein with respect to the effect, if any, which the
laws of any other jurisdiction may have on the opinion expressed below.

This opinion letter is governed by, and shall be interpreted
<PAGE>


in accordance with the Legal Opinion Accord (the "Accord") of the ABA Section
of Business Law (1991).  As a consequence, it is subject to a number of
qualifications, exceptions, definitions, limitations on coverage and other
limitations, all as more particularly described in the Accord, and this opinion
letter should be read in conjunction therewith.

Based on the foregoing and upon such other investigation as we have
deemed necessary, we are of the opinion that the Credit Agreement and the Notes
constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower,
enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, subject to the effect of
any  applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar
laws affecting creditors' rights generally and to the effect of general
principles of equity (regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in
equity or at law).  Further, the M&M Opinion is substantially responsive to the
requirements of the Credit Agreement.

In giving the foregoing opinion, we express no opinion as to the
effect (if any) of any law of any jurisdiction in which any Bank is located
which limits the rate of interest that such Bank may charge or collect.

This letter is furnished, as of its date, for the sole benefit of the
Banks in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Credit Agreement
and may not be relied upon by any other person or for any other purpose.


Very truly yours,





Page 2

