









<PAGE>















CREDIT AGREEMENT

Between

ADDWEST MINERALS, INC.

as Borrower

and

N M ROTHSCHILD & SONS LIMITED

as Lender


Dated as of June 14, 1994



























CREDIT AGREEMENT
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Table of Contents

Page
<S>                                                            <C>

ARTICLE 1 - CERTAIN DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES; . .  1

1.1    Certain Defined Terms. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  1
1.2    Accounting Principles. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14

ARTICLE 2 - COMMITMENT, FEES, USE OF PROCEEDS. . . . . . . . . 14

2.1    Commitment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
2.2    Fees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
2.3    Use of Proceeds. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15

ARTICLE 3 - PROCEDURE AND PAYMENT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15

3.1    Borrowing Procedure. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
3.2    Note . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16
3.3    Loan Conversion Election . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16
3.4    Principal and Interest Payments Generally. . . . . 16
3.5    Interest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17
3.6    Repayment of the Loans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
3.7    Voluntary Prepayments. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
3.8    Mandatory Prepayments. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
3.9    Priority of Prepayments. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
3.10   Application of Prepayments; Premiums and
Penalties. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19
3.11   Risk of Loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19
3.12   Inability to Continue to Provide Gold;
Mandatory Switching. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19
3.13   Increased Costs and Reduction in Return. . . . . . 19
3.14   Payments and Computations. . . . . . . . . . . . . 19
3.15   Payment on Non-Business Days . . . . . . . . . . . 20
3.16   Taxes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20

ARTICLE 4 - HEDGING FACILITY; LENDER ROYALTY . . . . . . . . . 21

4.1    Establishment of Hedging Facility. . . . . . . . . 21
4.2    Lender's Royalty . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21

ARTICLE 5 - COLLATERAL SECURITY. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22

5.1    Security Documents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
5.2    No Limitation on Application of Security
Interests. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
5.3    Recordings and Filings of Security Documents.  . . 22
5.4    Protection of Security Document Liens. . . . . . . 22
5.5    Right of Set-off . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
5.6    Proceeds Account . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
5.7    Additional Collateral. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23

ARTICLE 6 - CONDITIONS PRECEDENT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24

6.1    Conditions Precedent to Initial Advance. . . . . . 24
6.2    Conditions Precedent to All Advances . . . . . . . 25

ARTICLE 7 - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES . . . . . . . . . . 26

7.1    Representations and Warranties of Borrower . . . . 26

ARTICLE 8 - AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS OF BORROWER. . . . . . . . . 33

8.1    Compliance with Laws, Etc. . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
8.2    Reporting Requirements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
8.3    Inspection . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
8.4    Maintenance of Insurance . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36
8.5    Maintenance of Equipment, Etc. . . . . . . . . . . 36
8.6    Keeping of Records and Books of Account. . . . . . 36
8.7    Preservation of Corporate Existence, Etc . . . . . 36
8.8    Conduct of Business. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36
8.9    Notice of Default. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36
8.10   Defense of Title . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37
8.11   Operation of the Project . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37
8.12   Hedging Requirements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37
8.13   Maintenance of the Property. . . . . . . . . . . . 37
8.14   Key Personnel. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37

ARTICLE 9 - NEGATIVE COVENANTS OF BORROWER . . . . . . . . . . 37

9.1    Indebtedness . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38
9.2    Liens, Etc . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38
9.3    Assumptions, Guarantees, Etc. of Indebtedness
of Other Persons . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39
9.4    Investments in Other Persons . . . . . . . . . . . 39
9.5    Mergers, Etc . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39
9.6    Financial Covenants. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39
9.7    Project Reserves . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39
9.8    Minimum Reserves . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40
9.9    Debt Service Coverage. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40
9.10   Restriction on Dividends and Redemptions . . . . . 40
9.11   Limitations on Price Fixing Commitments. . . . . . 40
9.12   Sale of Project Assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40
9.13   Restrictions on Capital Expenditures, Etc. . . . . 40
9.14   Take or Pay Contracts. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40
9.15   Restrictive and Inconsistent Agreements. . . . . . 41
9.16   Limitations on Payment of Certain Indebtedness . . 41

ARTICLE 10 - EVENTS OF DEFAULT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41

10.1   Event of Default . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41
10.2   Remedies Upon Event of Default.. . . . . . . . . . 43

ARTICLE 11 - MISCELLANEOUS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44

11.1   Termination of Completion Guarantee. . . . . . . . 44
11.2   Independent Consultant Monitoring of Financial
Covenants. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44
11.3   Amendments, Etc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44
11.4   Notices, Etc . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44
11.5   No Waiver; Remedies. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 45
11.6   Costs, Expenses and Taxes. . . . . . . . . . . . . 45
11.7   Binding Effect; Assignment . . . . . . . . . . . . 46
11.8   GOVERNING LAW. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 46
11.9   Submission to Jurisdiction . . . . . . . . . . . . 46
11.10  Waiver of Jury Trial . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 47
11.11  Execution in Counterparts. . . . . . . . . . . . . 47
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
SCHEDULES

<S>                 <C>
Schedule 1.1 (a)    Material Agreements
Schedule 1.1 (b)    Completion Test
Schedule 1.1 (c)    Existing Bank Indebtedness
Schedule 3.6 (b)    Scheduled Principal Payments
Schedule 7.1 (a)    Subsidiaries
Schedule 7.1 (e)    Litigation
Schedule 7.1 (h)    Disclosure Schedule
Schedule 7.1 (i)    Employee Plans
Schedule 7.1 (j)    Existing Liens
Schedule 7.1 (n)    Borrower's Capital Structure
Schedule 7.1 (s)    Environmental Disclosures
Schedule 7.1 (t)    Borrower's Indebtedness
Schedule 8.4        Insurance
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBITS
<S>                 <C>
Exhibit A           Form of Note

Exhibit B           Form of Request for Loan

Exhibit C           Form of Mortgage

Exhibit D           Form of Hedging Agreement

Exhibit E           Form of Completion Guarantee

Exhibit F           Development Plan

Exhibit G-1         Form of Borrower's Omnibus Certificate

Exhibit G-2         Form of Guarantor's Omnibus Certificate

Exhibit H-1         Form of Opinion of Borrower's Counsel

Exhibit H-2         Form of Opinion of Guarantor's Counsel

Exhibit H-3         Form of Security Opinion

Exhibit I           Form of Security Agreement

Exhibit J           Form of Conversion/Interest Period Notice

Exhibit K           Form of Royalty Conveyance

Exhibit L           Form of Bank Account Agreement

</TABLE>














































CREDIT AGREEMENT

This CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of June 14, 1994, is by
and between ADDWEST MINERALS, INC., a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of Kentucky ("Borrower"), and N M
ROTHSCHILD & SONS LIMITED, a company organized and existing under
the laws of England ("Lender").

Recitals

A.   By this Credit Agreement the parties hereto desire
to set forth the terms of their agreement pursuant to which Lender
will make available to Borrower certain loans in gold or in United
States Dollars, to be used by Borrower for purposes of developing
and operating certain gold properties in Mohave County, Arizona.

B.   The loans provided for herein will be guaranteed by
Addington Resources, Inc., of which Borrower is a wholly owned
subsidiary, until such gold properties meet certain operating
standards as provided herein, and will be secured by first and
prior liens in favor of Lender on the real and personal property
comprising such gold properties and production therefrom.


Agreement

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the following mutual
covenants and agreements, Borrower and Lender hereby agree as
follows:

ARTICLE 1

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES;

1.1  Certain Defined Terms.   As used in this Agreement
and unless otherwise expressly indicated, the following terms shall
have the following meanings:

"Acceptable Delivery Location" means the offices of
Lender in London, England; Johnson Matthey Refining, Inc., Salt
Lake City, Utah; Metalor USA Refining Corp., North Attleboro,
Massachusetts; or any other location as mutually agreed by Borrower
and Lender.

"Advance" means an advance of a Loan, in Gold or Dollars
as the case may be, by Lender to Borrower as provided in Section
2.1.

"Advance Period" means the period during which Lender
will make Advances of Loans to Borrower, subject to all of the
terms and conditions hereof, which period shall commence on the
date hereof and shall continue until the first to occur of (a) the
Completion Date and (b) the Maturity Date.

"Affiliate" means any Person directly or indirectly
controlling or controlled by or under common control with Borrower,
provided that, for purposes of this definition, "control," as used
with respect to any Person, shall mean the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies of such Person, whether through the
ownership of voting securities or by contract or otherwise.

"Agreement" means this Credit Agreement, as it may be
amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified and in effect from
time to time.

"Applicable Margin" means, with respect to the rate of
interest payable by Borrower on Loans, (a) through the Completion
Date, one and one half percent (1 1/2%), and (b) after the
Completion Date, two and one half percent (2 1/2%).

"Bank Account Agreement" means an agreement among
Borrower, a bank and Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit
L, pertaining to the Proceeds Account and, at Lender's election, to
any other bank accounts maintained by Borrower.

"Borrower's Expenditure" means the expenditure by
Borrower of not less than $2,000,000 of its funds which do not
constitute Indebtedness, in a prudent and reasonable manner, on or
for the benefit of the Property in carrying out Project activities
contemplated by the Development Plan.

"Borrower's Financial Forecast" shall have the meaning
specified in Section 8.2(c).

"Breakage Costs" means all costs and losses which Lender
may incur as a result of payment of the Principal Amount of any
Loan other than at the end of an Interest Period, Lender's good
faith computation of such costs and losses to be conclusive and
binding in the absence of error, and the amount thereof to be paid
in same day funds upon demand by Lender.

"Business Day" means a day of the year (i) on which banks
in Denver, Colorado and London, England are open for business and
(ii) on which a London Gold Fixing occurs.

"Capitalized Lease Liabilities" means all monetary
obligations of Borrower under any leasing or similar arrangement
which, in accordance with GAAP, would be classified as capitalized
leases, and, for purposes of this Agreement and each other Loan
Document, the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized
amount thereof, determined in accordance with GAAP, and the stated
maturity thereof shall be the date of the last payment of rent or
any other amount due under such lease prior to the first date upon
which such lease may be terminated by the lessee without payment of
a penalty.

"CERCLA" means the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, reformed or
otherwise modified from time to time.

"CERCLIS" means the Comprehensive Environmental Response
Compensation Liability Information System List, as amended,
reformed or otherwise modified from time to time.

"Collateral" means all properties, rights and interests
subject to the Security Documents.

"Commitment" of Lender has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.1.

"Commitment Fee" shall have the meaning specified in
Section 2.2(b).

"Completion" means (a) completion of construction of the
improvements contemplated by the Development Plan; (b) satisfaction
by Borrower of the Completion Test within the time frame specified
in the Development Plan; (c) receipt by Lender of a certificate
from Borrower and the Independent Consultant confirming
satisfaction by Borrower of (a) and (b); and (d) compliance by
Borrower with the requirements of Section 5.6 concerning the
Proceeds Account.

"Completion Date" means the date on which Completion
occurs.

"Completion Guarantee" means the Guarantee of the
Guarantor in the form of Exhibit E hereto.

"Completion Test" means a series of testing procedures
and performance standards established by the Independent Consultant
and approved by Lender concerning the Project, as more particularly
provided in Schedule 1.1(b) hereto.

"Contingent Liability" means any agreement, undertaking
or arrangement by which any Person guarantees, endorses or
otherwise becomes or is contingently liable upon (by direct or
indirect agreement, contingent or otherwise, to provide funds for
payment, to supply funds to, or otherwise to invest in, a debtor,
or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss) the indebtedness,
obligation of any other liability of any other Person (other than
by endorsements of instruments in the course of collection), or
guarantees the payment of dividends or other distributions upon the
shares of any other Person.  The amount of any Person's obligation
under any Contingent Liability shall (subject to any limitation set
forth therein ) be deemed to be the outstanding principal amount
(or maximum principal amount, if larger) of the debt, obligation or
other liability guaranteed thereby.

"Conversion/Interest Period Notice" means a notice from
Borrower to Lender concerning a conversion of all Gold Loans to
Dollar Loans, or a conversion of all Dollar Loans to Gold Loans, or
a notice regarding Borrower's election concerning an Interest
Period for a Loan to take effect on the completion of a current
Interest Period, substantially in the form of Exhibit I hereto.

"Date of Default" shall have the meaning specified in
Section 10.2(a).

"Debt Service" shall have the meaning specified in
Section 9.9.

"Default" means any Event of Default or any condition or
event which, after notice or lapse of time or both, would
constitute an Event of Default.

"Default Rate" means the Interest Rate applicable to the
Loans during periods when amounts payable by Borrower as principal
repayments, interest payments or fee or expense payments are due
and payable but unpaid by Borrower, which shall be an annual rate
of interest which is equal to the Dollar Loan Interest Rate or Gold
Loan Interest Rate (whichever is applicable to the Loans), plus
four percent (4%).

"Development Plan" means the construction and development
plans and the projections of mining rates, expenses and other
matters for the Project which is appended hereto as Exhibit F,
together with such modifications thereof after the Effective Date
as may be approved by Lender.

"Discount Rate" means 5% per annum.

"Dollar Loan" means an Advance of Dollars by Lender to
Borrower pursuant to Section 2.1.

"Dollar Loan Interest Rate" means with respect to an
Interest Period pertaining to a Dollar Loan, an interest rate per
annum equal to the sum of (y) the LIBOR Rate in effect on the first
day of the Interest Period, plus (z) the Applicable Margin.

"Dollar Value," when used with reference to the value of
any Gold, shall mean, as of any date of determination, the value,
expressed in Dollars, of such Gold determined at the London Price
on such date or another price basis if agreed in writing by
Borrower and Lender.

"Dollars" and the sign "$" each mean lawful money of the
United States of America.

"Effective Date" means July __, 1994.

"Environmental Laws" means federal, state, local and
foreign laws or regulations, codes, orders, decrees, judgments or
injunctions issued, promulgated, approved or entered thereunder
relating to pollution or protection of the environment, including,
without limitation, laws relating to emissions, discharges,
releases or threatened releases of pollutants, contaminants,
chemicals, or industrial, toxic or hazardous substances or wastes
into the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air,
surface water, ground water, land surface or subsurface strata) or
otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution,
use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of
pollutants, contaminants, chemicals or industrial, toxic or
hazardous substances or wastes.

"ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1974, as amended.

"Event of Default" has the meaning set forth in Section
10.1.

"Existing Bank Indebtedness" means all existing
Indebtedness of Borrower for borrowed funds (other than
Indebtedness to Guarantor), which Existing Bank Indebtedness is
identified in Schedule 1.1(c).

"Expenditure Forecast" means a monthly forecast of
Project expenditures, in form reasonably acceptable to Lender,
submitted by Borrower to Lender monthly in accordance with Section
8.2(1).

"Financial Forecast" has the meaning specified in Section
8.2(c).

"Funded Indebtedness" means at any date:

(a)  the Principal Amount of the Loans at such date;
and

(b)  all other Indebtedness of Borrower included
within clauses (a) , (b) , and (c) , of the definition of the term
"Indebtedness" outstanding at such date.

"Future Net Gold Flow" means for any period:

(a)  Borrower's net share of the total estimated
ounces of Gold to be produced from the Project pursuant to the
Development Plan during such period as specified in the Development
Plan,

less

(b)  the Gold Equivalent Cost of Future Production
for such period.

"GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles in
the United States of America.

"GOFO" means the rate per annum (rounded upwards if
necessary to the nearest five one-hundredths of one percent (0.
05%) ) equal to (i) the mean of the offered rates as of 11:00 a.m.,
London time, appearing on the display designated as page "GOFO" on
the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or such other page as may
replace the GOFO page on that service for the purpose of displaying
London interbank gold forward offered rates of major bullion
traders) for a term equivalent to the Interest Period, or (ii) if
fewer than two offered rates appear on the display referred to in
(i) above, the rate determined by Lender (which determination shall
be conclusive in the absence of manifest error) to be the average
of the rates at which major bullion traders are offering Gold
deposits for a term equivalent to the Interest Period in the London
interbank Gold market at about 11:00 a.m., London time.

"Gold" means various amounts of ounces of gold of a
purity of at least .995 fine, and otherwise of grade and quality
conforming to the usual requirements for good delivery in the
London Gold Market.  As used herein, the term "ounces" means fine
troy ounces.

"Gold Equivalent Cost of Future Production" means, for
any period, the Gold equivalent of the total Project operating
costs and capital costs (if any) for such period as set forth in
the Development Plan, converted into ounces of Gold at the
applicable prices provided for in Price Fixing Commitments.

"Gold Loan" means an Advance of Gold by Lender to
Borrower pursuant to Section 2.1.

"Gold Loan Interest Rate" means with respect to an
Interest Period pertaining to a Gold Loan, an interest rate per
annum equal to the sum of (y) the LIBOR Rate minus GOFO in effect
on the first day of the Interest Period, plus (z) the Applicable
Margin.

"Gold Value," when used in reference to the value in Gold
of outstanding Dollar Loans, the Principal Amount of the Dollar
Loans, divided by the London Price on the date of determination.
Gold Value shall be expressed in ounces of Gold.

"Governmental Acts" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.12.

"Governmental Authority" means the United States, the
state, county, city and political subdivisions in which any
property of Borrower is located or which exercises valid
jurisdiction over any such property, or in which Borrower conducts
business or is otherwise present, and any agency, department,
commission, board, bureau or instrumentality of any of them which
exercises valid jurisdiction over Borrower.

"Governmental Requirement" means any law, statute, code,
ordinance, order, rule, regulation, judgment, decree, injunction,
franchise, permit, certificate, license, authorization or other
direction or requirement (including, without limitation,
Environmental Laws, energy regulations and occupational, safety and
health standards or controls) of any Governmental Authority.

"Guarantee" shall mean any obligation, contingent or
otherwise, of any Person guaranteeing any Indebtedness or
obligation of any other Person in any manner, whether directly or
indirectly, and including, without limitation, any obligation of
such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance
or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness
or obligation, or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for
the purchase of) any security for the payment of such Indebtedness
or obligation, (ii) to purchase property, securities or services
for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or
obligation of the payment of such Indebtedness or obligation, or
(iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other
financial statement condition of the primary obligor so as to
enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or obligation;
provided, however, that the term Guarantee shall not include
endorsements for collection or deposit, in either case in the
ordinary course of business.

"Guarantor" means Addington Resources, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, of which Borrower is a wholly-owned subsidiary.

"Hazardous Material" means:

(a)  any "hazardous substance", as defined by CERCLA
or by applicable state law;

(b)  any "hazardous waste", as defined by the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, as amended, reformed or
otherwise modified from time to time;

(c)  any petroleum product; or

(d)  any pollutant or contaminant or hazardous,
dangerous or toxic chemical, material or substance within the
meaning of any other applicable federal, state or local law,
regulation, ordinance or requirement (including consent decrees and
administrative orders) relating to or imposing liability or
standards of conduct concerning any hazardous, toxic or dangerous
waste, substance or material, all as amended, reformed or otherwise
modified from time to time.

"Hedging Agreement" means the agreement between Borrower
and Lender dated as of April 20, 1994 regarding forward sale of
Gold produced from the Property, substantially in the form appended
hereto as Exhibit D.

"Indebtedness" means, for any Person, without
duplication:

(a)  all obligations of such Person for borrowed
money or precious metals (including (i) in the case of such
obligations, all notes payable and drafts accepted representing
extensions of credit; (ii) in the case of the Borrower, Borrower's
Obligations; and (iii) in the case of such precious metals, Gold)
and all obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, or other
similar Instruments on which interest charges are customarily paid;

(b)  all obligations, contingent or otherwise,
relative to the face amount of all letters of credit, whether or
not drawn, and bankers' acceptances issued for the account of such
Person;

(c)  all obligations of such Person as lessee under
leases which have been or should be, in accordance with GAAP,
recorded as Capitalized Lease Liabilities;

(d)  all other items which, in accordance with GAAP,
would be included as liabilities on the liability side of the
balance sheet of such Person as of the date at which Indebtedness
is to be determined;

(e)  net liabilities of such Person under Price
Fixing Commitments;

(f)  whether or not so included as liabilities in
accordance with GAAP, all obligations of such Person to pay the
deferred purchase price of property or services, and indebtedness
(excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property
owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness
arising under conditional sales or other title retention
agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been
assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse; and

(g)  all Contingent Liabilities of such Person in
respect of any of the foregoing.

"Independent Consultant" means Behre Dolbear & Company,
Inc. or other consulting firm selected by Lender after consultation
with Borrower.

"Installment Payment Date" means the dates on which
repayments of the Loan are scheduled to be made by the Borrower as
provided in Section 3.6(b).

"Instrument" means any contract, agreement, indenture,
mortgage, document or writing (whether formal agreement, letter or
otherwise) under which any obligation is evidenced, assumed or
undertaken, or any Lien (or right or interest therein) is granted
or perfected.

"Interest Period" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.5(b).

"Interest Rate" shall mean the interest rate applicable
to the Loans from time to time, which shall be one of the Dollar
Loan Interest Rate, the Gold Loan Interest Rate or the Default
Rate, as applicable.

"LIBOR Rate" means, relative to any Interest Period for
Dollar Loans, the rate of interest equal to the average (rounded
upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 1/16 of 101) of the rates per
annum quoted by the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service at which
Dollar deposits in immediately available funds are offered in the
London interbank market as at or about 11:00 a.m., London time, two
Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest Period for
delivery on the first day of such Interest Period, and in an amount
approximately equal to the Dollar Loan outstanding to which the
rate will apply and for a period approximately equal to such
Interest Period.

"Lien" means, as to any Person, any mortgage, lien,
pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance in or on, or
any interest or title of any vendor, lessor, lender or other
secured party to, or of such Person under any conditional sale or
other title retention agreement or capital lease with respect to,
any property or asset owned or held by such Person, or the signing
or filing of a financing statement which names such Person as
debtor, or the signing of any security agreement authorizing any
other party as the secured party thereunder to file any financing
statement.  A Person shall be deemed to be the owner of any assets
that it has placed in trust for the benefit of the holders of its
indebtedness which indebtedness is deemed to be extinguished under
generally accepted accounting principles but for which such Person
remains legally liable, and such trust shall be deemed to be a
Lien.

"Loans" means Gold Loans and Dollar Loans.

"Loan Documents" means this Agreement, the Note, the
Hedging Agreement, the Requests for Loans, the Conversion/Interest
Period Notices, the Security Documents and each other Instrument
executed by Borrower and delivered to Lender in connection with
this Agreement or any of the foregoing Instruments, whether or not
specifically identified in this paragraph.

"Loan Life Ratio" means, at any date, the ratio,
expressed as a percentage, of

(a)  the Present Value of Future Net Gold Flow from
the Project for the period commencing on such date and ending on
the Scheduled Maturity Date,

to

(b)  the Principal Amount of the outstanding Loans.

"London Gold Fixing" means a gold price fixing meeting
among the five members from time to time of the London Gold market.

"London Price" means, on any day, the fixing price per
fine ounce troy (in Dollars) for Gold as announced at the afternoon
London Gold Fixing for such day; provided, however, that if the
afternoon London Gold Fixing shall not have occurred for such day,
the "London Price" for such day shall be the fixing price per fine
ounce troy (in Dollars) for Gold as announced at the morning London
Gold Fixing for such day, or if the morning London Gold Fixing
shall not have occurred for such day, the "London Price" for such
day shall be the publicly quoted price per fine ounce troy (in
Dollars) for Gold on such other accessible international gold
market (allowing for physical delivery of such Gold) as may be
reasonably selected by Lender, unless such day is not a Business
Day on which a London Gold Fixing has occurred, in which case the
"London Price" shall be the last quoted London Price.

"Management Fee", shall have the meaning specified in
Section 2.2(c).

"Material Agreements" means the contracts, agreements,
leases and other binding commitments and undertakings of Borrower,
the performance or breach of which could have a Materially Adverse
Effect on Borrower, which Instruments are identified in Schedule
1.1(a).

"Materially Adverse Effect" means, with respect to any
Person, an effect, resulting from any occurrence of whatever nature
(including any adverse determination in any litigation,
arbitration, or governmental investigation or proceeding), which is
materially adverse to:

(a)  the consolidated business, assets, revenues,
financial condition, operations or prospects of such Person;

(b)  the ability of such Person to make any payment
or perform any other material obligation required under any
material agreement (including, with respect to the Borrower, this
Agreement or any of the Loan Documents) or, in the case of the
Borrower, to develop and operate the Property in accordance with
the Development Plan; or

(c)  in the case of Borrower, involves a liability
or obligation (other than contractual commitments entered into by
Borrower in the ordinary course of business which are not in
default) of $100,000 or more.

"Maturity Date" means the date on which the Loans are
payable in full by Borrower, being the earlier of the Scheduled
Maturity Date or any date on which Lender accelerates the due date
of the Loans pursuant to the provisions of Article 10.

"Maximum Credit Amount" means $9,330,000.

"Monetary Cap" means $13,995,000, and shall constitute
the maximum Principal Amount of Gold Loans which may be outstanding
hereunder from time to time as provided in Section 3.8(a).

"Month" means a calendar month.

"Mortgage" means the Mortgage, Deed of Trust, Assignment,
Security Agreement and Financing Statement dated as of June 14,
1994, granted by Borrower to Lender and Fred E. Furguson, Jr. (or
other Person acceptable to Lender) as Trustee for Lender and
covering all the right, title and interest of Borrower in the
Property, in the form of Exhibit C hereto.

"Note" means the Promissory Note which evidences the
Loans, dated as of June 14, 1994, which Promissory Note is made by
Borrower and payable to the order of Lender, in the form of Exhibit
A hereto.

"Obligations" means all obligations of Borrower with
respect to the repayment or performance of all obligations
(monetary or otherwise) of Borrower arising under or in connection
with this Agreement and each other Loan Document.

"Omnibus Certificate" means the certificates from
Borrower and Guarantor, respectively, substantially in the form of
Exhibits G-1 and G-2 hereto.

"Opinion of Borrower's Counsel" means the legal opinion
of Parcel, Mauro, Hultin & Spaanstra, P.C., counsel to Borrower,
substantially in the form of Exhibit H-1 hereto.

"Opinion of Guarantor's Counsel" means the legal opinion
of Brown, Todd & Heyburn, counsel to the Guarantor, substantially
in the form of Exhibit H-2 hereto.

"Other Taxes" shall have the meaning specified in Section
3.16 (b).

"Ounce of Gold" means a fine ounce troy weight of gold in
form readily tradeable with members of The London Bullion Market
Association (or any successor thereto) from time to time.

"Permitted Liens" means the Liens identified in Schedule
7.1(j) and the Liens permitted by clauses (i) through vii of
Section 9.2.

"Person" means an individual, partnership, corporation
(including a business trust), joint venture or other entity, or a
foreign state or political subdivision thereof or any agency of
such state or subdivision.

"Plan" means a pension plan providing benefits for
employees of Borrower or any affiliate (as such term is defined in
the definition of "Termination Event" herein) and covered by Title
IV of ERISA.

"Present Value of Future Net Gold Flow" means, for any
period (a "Calculation Period"), the aggregate of Future Net Gold
Flow for such period, discounted, with respect to any Future Net
Gold Flow scheduled to accrue during any period referred to in the
Gold Flow Schedule (a "Schedule Period"), at the Discount Rate to
the first day of such Calculation Period from the last day of such
Schedule Period.

"Price Fixing Commitments" means net forward sale
contracts for Gold or put options with respect to Gold, including
forward sale contracts pursuant to the Hedging Agreement, with
counterparties satisfactory to Lender, entered into by Borrower.

"Principal Amount" means, as of any date, (a) with
respect to Gold Loans, the aggregate principal amount (calculated
in ounces of Gold) of the Gold Loans at such date, and (b) with
respect to Dollar Loans, the aggregate principal amount in Dollars
of such Dollar Loans at such date.

"Proceeds Account" means a demand deposit account
established by the Borrower at a bank acceptable to Lender in its
sole discretion, which account is more particularly described in
Section 5.6.

"Project" means the business and operations of the
Property in accordance with the Development Plan.

"Project Life Ratio" means, at any date, the ratio,
expressed as a percentage, of

(a)  the Present Value of Future Net Gold Flow from
the Project for the period commencing on such date and ending on
the last day of the Project Production Period, to

(b)  the Principal Amount of the outstanding Loans
as at such date.

"Project Permits" means all approvals, permits,
authorizations and consents required of any Governmental Authority
in connection with the operation of the Project.

"Project Production Period" means the period commencing
on the Effective Date and continuing until the date on which the
Proven and Probable Reserves of the Property included in the
Project have been extracted, milled, refined and sold in accordance
with the Development Plan.

"Property" means the patented and unpatented mining and
millsite claims, leases and other property interests in which
Borrower directly or indirectly holds an interest, situated in
Mohave County, Arizona, and all facilities situated thereon,
together with all property and assets associated with such
property, as described in the Mortgage.

"Proven and Probable Reserves" means the aggregate of
proven and probable reserves of gold at the Project economically
recoverable at a gold price of U.S. $385/ounce (or other price
approved by Lender in its sole discretion) pursuant to the
Development Plan defined as follows: (a) "Proven Reserves" are such
reserves for which (i) quantity is computed from dimensions
revealed in outcrops, trenches, workings, or drill holes, (ii)
grade and/or quality are computed from the results of detailed
sampling, and (iii) the sites for inspection, sampling and
measurement are spaced so closely and the geologic character is so
well defined that size, shape, depth and mineral content of
reserves are well established, and (b) "Probable Reserves" are such
reserves for which quantity and grade and/or quality are computed
from information similar to that used for Proven Reserves, but the
sites for inspection, sampling and measurement are farther apart or
are otherwise less adequately spaced and the degree of assurance,
although lower than that for Proven Reserves, is high enough for an
experienced mining engineer reasonably to assume continuity between
points of observation; or such other definition of such terms as
may hereafter be adopted by the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission.

"Quarter" means a calendar quarter.

"Release" means a release, as such term is defined in
CERCLA.

"Request for Loan" means the irrevocable request for an
Advance of a Gold Loan or Dollar Loan by Borrower, in the form set
forth in Exhibit B hereto, signed by an authorized officer of
Borrower.

"Resource Conservation and Recovery Act" means the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 690, et
sea, as amended, reformed or otherwise modified from time to time.

"Royalty" means the net smelter return royalty on
production of minerals from the Property to be conveyed to Lender
by Borrower pursuant to the Royalty Conveyance.

"Royalty Conveyance" means the Royalty Conveyance
pertaining to the Royalty which is in the form of Exhibit K hereto.

"Scheduled Maturity Date" means October 31, 1996.

"Security Agreement" means the Security Agreement dated
as of April 12, 1994 between Borrower, as debtor and Lender, as
secured party, substantially in the form appended hereto as Exhibit
I.

"Security Documents" means the Mortgage, the Security
Agreement, the Bank Account Agreement, all modifications and
amendments thereof, and all amended or other Uniform Commercial
Code financing statements required to be filed or notices required
to be given in order to perfect the Liens created by any of the
foregoing.

"Security Opinion" means a legal opinion from counsel in
Arizona acceptable to Lender concerning the Security Documents and
Liens created thereby and certain other matters, substantially in
the form of Exhibit H-3 hereto.

"Subsidiary" means any corporation, association or other
business entity more than 50% of each class of equity or voting
securities of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by Borrower
thereof.

"Taxes" shall have the meaning specified in Section 3.16.

"Title Insurance Commitment" means a commitment from a
title insurance company acceptable to Lender to issue a title
insurance policy in form acceptable to Lender in the Maximum Credit
Amount pertaining to the Property which confirms Borrower's
ownership thereof subject only to Permitted Liens; and which
confirms that upon appropriate recording the Lien on the Property
established by the Mortgage will be a first and prior Lien thereon.

"Year" means a calendar year.

1.2  Accounting Principles.  All accounting terms not
otherwise defined herein shall be construed, all financial
computations required under this Agreement shall be made, and all
financial information required under this Agreement shall be
prepared, in accordance with GAAP applied on a basis consistent
with the financial statements referred to in Section 8.1(f) except
as specifically provided herein.


ARTICLE 2

COMMITMENT, FEES, USE OF PROCEEDS

2.1  Commitment. Subject to all of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, Lender agrees to Advance to Borrower
in multiple Advances, either ounces of Gold as Gold Loans or
Dollars as Dollar Loans, up to the Maximum Credit Amount.  The
Principal Amount of each Advance shall be determined as of the date
of such Advance for purposes of determining compliance with the
Maximum Credit Amount limitations on Advances hereunder.  Each
Advance, whether in Dollars or Gold, shall be in a Principal Amount
of not less than $500,000 or the Gold Value thereof.

2.2  Fees.

(a)  Arrangement Fee.  Borrower agrees to pay Lender
a fee (the "Arrangement Fee") in the amount of $46,650 concurrently
with the execution hereof by Borrower and Lender.  The Arrangement
Fee is not refundable to Borrower, in whole or in part, under any
circumstances.

(b)  Commitment Fee.  Borrower agrees to pay Lender
a fee (the "Commitment Fee") in the amount of one percent (1%) per
annum of the amount by which the Principal Amount of the Loans
outstanding is less than the Maximum Credit Amount.  For purposes
of calculating the Commitment Fee due and payable from time to
time, Gold Loans outstanding, if any, will be converted to the
Dollar Value thereof.  The Commitment Fee will commence on the
Effective Date and will be payable by Borrower quarterly in arrears
not later than the tenth day of each succeeding quarter with
respect to the preceding quarter.

(c)  Management Fee.  Borrower agrees to pay Lender
a management fee (the "Management Fee") in the amount of $25,000
per annum from the Effective Date until all Obligations of Borrower
hereunder are satisfied.  The Management Fee will be payable in
arrears on each November 1 and April 1 after the Effective Date,
and on the date on which Borrower satisfies all Obligations
hereunder.  Any Management Fee payment which pertains to a period
of less than six months shall be prorated.

(d)  Fee Payments.  Payments of the Arrangement Fee,
Commitment Fee and Management Fee shall be made in Dollars, as
provided in Section 3.14.

2.3  Use of Proceeds.  Borrower will utilize the Loans
exclusively as provided in the Development Plan.


ARTICLE 3

PROCEDURE AND PAYMENT

3.1  Borrowing Procedure.  Not less than two Business
Days prior to the desired date of each Advance of a Loan, Borrower
will submit a Request for Loan to Lender.  The Request for Loan,
which will be effective only upon actual receipt by Lender, will
specify whether a Gold Loan or a Dollar Loan is requested and if a
Gold Loan is requested, will contain a provisional calculation of
the number of ounces of Gold to be Advanced by Lender to Borrower
based on the London Price in effect on the date the Request for
Loan is submitted by Borrower and will specify a Business Day on
which Borrower wishes to have the Advance made.  The number of
ounces of Gold actually Advanced by Lender on date of the Advance
will be adjusted to reflect the London Price of Gold on the second
Business Day prior to the date of the Advance.  Advances of Gold
will be made by delivery of Gold to Borrower's account at any
Acceptable Delivery Location.  Gold to Borrower's account at any
Acceptable Delivery Location.  Advances of Dollars will be made by
deposit thereof in the Proceeds Account.

3.2  Note.  The Loans shall be evidenced by the Note.
Borrower authorizes Lender to enter upon the schedule attached to
and constituting a part of the Note each Advance and each repayment
of the Principal Amount thereof, which entries shall constitute
evidence of the accuracy of the information so entered, in the
absence of error.  The failure so to record any such amount or any
error in so recording any such amount shall not, however, limit or
otherwise affect the obligations of Borrower under the Note to
repay the Principal Amount of the Loans together with all interest
accruing thereon and fees accruing with respect thereto.

3.3  Loan Conversion Election.  All outstanding Loans
will be of the same type, that is, will be Gold Loans or Dollar
Loans.  Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Borrower is
hereby granted the right to elect once, and only once during the
term of this Agreement prior to the Maturity Date, (a) only if no
Event of Default is outstanding or would be caused by such
conversion; (b) only if a conversion from Gold Loans to Dollar
Loans would not cause the Maximum Credit Amount to be exceeded; and
(c) only concurrently with the end of the Interest Period or other
Interest Periods applicable to the Loans to convert all outstanding
Loans from Gold Loans to Dollar Loans, or to convert all
outstanding Loans from Dollar Loans to Gold Loans.  Such election
shall be effected by Borrower's delivery to Lender of a
Conversion/Interest Period Notice and shall be effective three
Business Days after receipt by Lender of such Notice.  Such
election shall apply to and govern all Loans Advanced by Lender
after the effective date of such election.

For purposes of effecting any such conversion, the
equivalency calculations shall be made by Lender on the effective
date of such conversion.  Gold Loans will be converted to Dollar
Loans by multiplying the Principal Amount of ounces of Gold
outstanding as Gold Loans by the London Price on the date of the
Advance.  Dollar Loans will be converted to Gold Loans by dividing
the Principal Amount of Dollar Loans outstanding by the London
Price on the date of the Advance.  After any such conversion Lender
will promptly provide Borrower with notice of the equivalency
amounts so calculated and the outstanding Principal Amount of the
Loans so converted.

3.4  Principal and Interest Payments Generally.  All
principal and interest payments of Gold Loans shall be made in
Gold.  All principal and interest payments of Dollar Loans shall be
made in Dollars.  If a conversion of Loans in accordance with
Section 3.12 occurs during an Interest Period, interest will be
payable in Gold through the date of conversion and in Dollars after
the date of conversion.

3.5  Interest

(a)  General.  Borrower shall pay interest on the
outstanding Principal Amount of the Loans calculated on a 360-day
year basis, at the Gold Loan Interest Rate if the Loans are Gold
Loans or at the Dollar Loan Interest Rate if the Loans are Dollar
Loans, in either case subject to Section 3.5(c) below.  Interest
payable shall be calculated daily.  Interest shall be payable on
the last day of each Interest Period; provided, however, that when
Borrower has selected an Interest Period of more than 90 days,
interest shall be payable at 90 day intervals within such period
and on the last day of such period.

(b)  Interest Periods.  Borrower may select an
interest period with respect to each Loan ("Interest Period") of
30, 90 or 180 days, or of such other period of days as may be
agreed to by Lender in its sole discretion, on a 360-day year
basis; provided, however, (i) that no more than two Interest
Periods may be outstanding at the same time, and (ii) that Borrower
may not select an Interest Period if Lender determines that it is
not able to borrow Gold for such Interest Period in accordance with
customary practice (in the case of the Gold Loan) or that Dollars
are not available to Lender in the London Interbank market for such
requested Interest Period (in the case of a Dollar Loan), in which
event Borrower must select another Interest Period which does not
present such problem.  Borrower will select Interest Periods by
giving notice to Lender in the Request for Loan and thereafter at
least three Business Days prior to the expiration of the Interest
Period then in effect by a Conversion/Interest Period Notice.  If
at any time Borrower fails to give timely notice of its Interest
Period selection, then Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an
Interest Period containing the same number of days as the Interest
Period currently expiring.  No Interest Period shall end after an
Installment Payment Date, unless the Principal Amount of Loans
which would be outstanding following termination of such Interest
Period would be equal to or less than the amount to which the
Principal Amount outstanding will be reduced after the installment
payment to be made on the Installment Payment Date.

(c)  Default Interest.  Notwithstanding the
provisions of Section 3.5(a) above, interest on the Loans shall
accrue and shall be payable by Borrower at the Default Rate during
all periods when any amounts payable by Borrower as principal
repayments, interest payments or fee or expense payments are due
and payable hereunder, whether by acceleration or otherwise, but
remain unpaid by Borrower.  Without prejudice to the rights of
Lender under the preceding sentence, Borrower shall indemnify
Lender against any direct loss or expense (not including lost
profits on re-employment of capital) which Lender may sustain or
incur as a result of the failure by Borrower to pay when due the
Principal Amount of the Loans.  A certificate or other notice of
Lender submitted to Borrower setting forth the basis for the
determination of Default Rate interest due and of the amounts
necessary to indemnify Lender in respect of such loss or expense,
shall constitute evidence of the accuracy of the information
contained therein in the absence of error and, absent notice from
Borrower of such error, shall be conclusive and binding for all
purposes.

3.6  Repayment of the Loans.

(a)  Principal Repayments Generally.  Borrower
agrees to repay the Loan as provided herein.

(b)  Scheduled Principal Payments.  Subject to the
other terms hereof pertaining to mandatory prepayments of the
Loans, Borrower will make payment in full of the unpaid principal
amount of the Loans not later than the Maturity Date.  Prior
thereto, Borrower shall make a mandatory repayment of the Principal
Amount of the Loans on the dates and in the amounts specified in
Schedule 3.6(b) hereto.

3.7  Voluntary Prepayments.  Borrower may prepay the
Loans in whole or in part at the end of any Interest Period, in
minimum amounts of $500,000 or the Gold Dollar Value equivalent
thereof, and in integral multiples thereof, by providing Lender not
less than thirty days' prior notice thereof.  Prepayment on a day
other than the end of an Interest Period shall be accompanied by
payment of Lender's Breakage Costs.  Upon the giving of such
notice, which shall be irrevocable, the amount of the prepayment,
as set forth in said notice, together with interest thereon, shall
be due and payable on the date set forth therein.

3.8  Mandatory Prepayments.

(a)  Prepayments Where Gold Loans Principal Amount
Exceeds Monetary Cap.  If, at any time, the aggregate Principal
Amount Outstanding of the Gold Loans expressed in Dollars exceeds
the Monetary Cap, Borrower shall, at Lender's election given by
notice to Borrower, within seven Business Days after such notice,
prepay sufficient ounces of Gold, together with accrued and unpaid
interest on the Principal Amount repaid, so that, after such
prepayment, the aggregate Principal Amount of the Gold Loans
expressed in Dollars is equal to or less than the Monetary Cap.

(b)  Prepayments Upon Loan Acceleration.  Borrower
will prepay the Loans in full, together with accrued interest
thereon and unpaid fees, upon acceleration of the due date of the
Loans by Lender pursuant to Section 10.2.

3.9  Priority of Prepayments.  All prepayments made by
Borrowers pursuant to Sections 3.7 and 3.8 shall be accompanied by
payment of Lender's Breakage Costs, and (b) shall be applied first
to accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans as of the end of the
most recent Interest Period, then to any other amounts then payable
by Borrower hereunder, then to principal.

3.10 Application of Prepayments; Premiums and Penalties.
Any prepayment of the Loans pursuant to Section 3.8(a) shall be
applied to the unpaid installments set forth in Section 3.6(b) pro
rata.  Any other prepayment of the Loans shall be applied to the
unpaid installments set forth in Section 3.6(b) in inverse order of
maturity.  All prepayments shall be without premium or penalty,
other than the obligation of Borrower to pay Lender's Breakage
Costs, if any.

3.11 Risk of Loss.  Lender will assume all risk of loss
of, or damage to, any Gold to be Advanced by it to Borrower until
it has been delivered to Borrower at an Acceptable Delivery
Location.  Unless Lender has received notice of error within seven
Business Days of Borrower's receipt of any Gold so Advanced,
Borrower's receipt of the quantity and quality of the Gold will be
conclusively deemed to be as set out in Lender's delivery order.
Borrower will assume all risk of loss of, or damage to, any Gold to
be delivered by it to Lender hereunder until it has been delivered
to Lender at an Acceptable Delivery Location.

3.12 Inability to Continue to Provide Gold; Mandatory
Switching.  Lender shall not be liable for any failure to comply
with its obligations under or pursuant to this Article 3, and shall
be entitled to terminate any arrangements entered into under this
Article without liability, if such failure is caused directly or
indirectly, wholly or partly, by act or omission of any government
or competent authority, lack of availability of Gold, force majeure
or other contingency, circumstance or event of any nature beyond
the control of Lender.  Notwithstanding any other provision hereof,
all Gold Loans will be converted to Dollar Loans upon any such
event effective as of the date Lender gives Borrower notice of the
foregoing.

3.13 Increased Costs and Reduction in Return.  If due to
(a) the introduction of, or any change (including, without
limitation, any change by way of imposition or increase of reserve
requirements) in, or in the interpretation of, any law or
regulation or (b) the compliance by Lender with any guideline or
request from any central bank or other governmental authority
having jurisdiction over Lender (whether or not having the force of
law) collectively referred to as "Governmental Acts," there shall
be any increase in the cost or reduction in return to Lender of
agreeing to make or making, funding or maintaining the Loans, then
Borrower shall from time to time, upon demand by Lender, pay to
Lender additional amounts sufficient to identify it against such
increased costs or reduction in return; provided that Lender agrees
to use reasonable efforts to mitigate the increased cost or
reduction in return to the greatest extent practicable.  A
certificate as to the amount of such increased cost or reduced
return, submitted to Borrower by Lender, shall be conclusive absent
manifest error.

3.14 Payments and Computations.  Borrower shall make each
payment due in Gold hereunder the Note not later than 9:00 a.m.
(Denver time) on the day when due.  Borrower shall make each
payment due in Dollars hereunder not later than 9:00 a.m. (Denver
time) on the day when due Lender at its address referred to in
Section 11.4 in immediately available funds.  Payments in Gold
shall be made by delivery of Gold to the account of Lender at any
Acceptable Delivery Location.  Borrower agrees to pay all shipping,
insurance, refining charges and other costs related to such
delivery and warrants that such Gold upon its delivery to the
account of Lender shall be free and clear of all liens,
encumbrances, charges and security interests except those in favor
of Lender.  Borrower hereby authorizes Lender, if and to the extent
payment of money owed to it is not made when due hereunder or under
the Note, to charge from time to time against Borrower's accounts
with Lender any amount so due.  All computations of interest
hereunder shall be made on the basis of a year of 360 days for the
actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but
excluding the last day).

3.15 Payment on Non-Business Days.  Whenever any payments
of Gold or Dollars to be made hereunder or under the Note shall be
stated to be due on a day which is not a Business Day, such return
or payment may be made on the next succeeding Business Day, and
such extension of time shall in such case be included in the
computation of payment of interest or fees, as the case may be,
unless such next succeeding Business Day is after the end of the
Interest Period, in which case the payment will be made on the next
preceding Business Day and such payment shall not reflect the
actual payment date in the computation of interest or fees due and
payable.

3.16 Taxes.

(a)  General.  Any and all payments by Borrower
hereunder shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for
any and all present or future taxes, levies, duties, imposts,
deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with
respect thereto (excluding taxes imposed on Lender's income and
franchise taxes imposed on Lender) imposed by the jurisdiction
under the laws of which Lender is organized, or the United States
or any other jurisdiction under the laws of which Lender is
otherwise subject to tax, or any political subdivision thereof (all
such non-excluded taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges,
withholdings and liabilities being hereinafter referred to as
"Taxes").  If Borrower shall be required by law to deduct any Taxes
from or in respect of any sum payable hereunder to Lender, (i) the
sum payable shall be increased as may be necessary so that after
making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to
additional sums payable under this Section 3.16) Lender receives an
amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such
deductions been made, (ii) Borrower shall make such deductions and
(iii) Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant
taxation authority or other authority in accordance with applicable
law.

(b)  Other Taxes.  In addition, Borrower agree to
pay any present or future stamp, sales, use or documentary taxes or
any other excise or property taxes, charges, duties or similar
levies which arise from any payment made hereunder or from the
execution, delivery or registration of, or otherwise with respect
to, this Agreement, any of the Loan Documents, or any Instrument
contemplated thereby (hereinafter referred to as "Other Taxes").

(c)  Tax Indemnity.  Borrower hereby indemnify
Lender for the full amount of Taxes and Other Taxes (including,
without limitation, any Taxes or Other Taxes imposed by any
jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section 3.16) paid by
Lender and any liability (including penalties, interest and
expenses) arising therefrom or with respect thereto.

(d)  Payment of Taxes.  Within 30 days after the
date of any payment of Taxes or Other Taxes withheld by Borrower in
respect of any payment to Lender, Borrower will furnish to Lender
the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment
thereof.

(e)  Survival.  Without prejudice to the survival of
any other agreement hereunder, the agreements and obligations
contained in this Section 3.16 shall survive the payment in full of
the Loans and interest hereunder.

(f)  Lender Taxes.  Lender represents that, under.
applicable law and treaties in effect as of the date hereof, no
United States federal taxes will be required to be withheld by
Borrower with respect to any payment to be made to Lender in
respect of this Agreement.  Lender agrees upon written request of
Borrower to deliver to Borrower, in duplicate, duly completed and
signed copies of either Form 1001 (relating to Lender and entitling
Lender to a complete exemption from withholding on all amounts to
be received by Lender pursuant to this Agreement, the Loans and the
Note as a result of a tax treaty concluded with the United States)
or Form 4224 (relating to all amounts to be received by Lender
pursuant to this Agreement, the Loans and the Note) of the Internal
Revenue Service.


ARTICLE 4

HEDGING FACILITY; LENDER ROYALTY

4.1  Establishment of Hedging Facility.  Prior to the
date hereof, Lender established a Gold hedging facility in favor of
Borrower on the terms and conditions of the Hedging Agreement.

4.2  Lender's Royalty.  Concurrently with the execution
of this Agreement, Borrower will execute and deliver to Lender the
Royalty Conveyance.  The Royalty Conveyance will be and remain
effective in accordance with its terms regardless of the magnitude
or duration of the Loans made by Lender to Borrower hereunder, if
any.  Such royalty is intended to remain in effect for twelve
months after the Scheduled Maturity Date.  If the Scheduled
Maturity Date is extended by agreement of the parties, the Royalty
Conveyance will be modified to extend the term of the royalty for
a corresponding period.


ARTICLE 5

COLLATERAL SECURITY

5.1  Security Documents.  As security for the due
repayment of all Gold loaned hereunder, for the payment of all
moneys due hereunder, for the performance of all Obligations of
Borrower, or any of them, including by way of example and not
limitation, the obligations of Borrower under the Note; or pursuant
to the Hedging Agreement; or pursuant to any of the Security
Documents or any other Loan Document, Borrower shall,
contemporaneously with the execution of this Agreement, execute and
deliver to Lender the Security Documents, including:

(a)  the Security Agreement;

(b)  the Mortgage;

(c)  the Bank Account Agreements; and

(d)  Uniform Commercial Code Financing Statements,
amendments or assignments thereof, and notices to third Persons as
Lender may require in connection with the perfection of its
security interests in the property and interests subject to the
Security Documents.

5.2  No Limitation on Application of Security Interests.
Borrower and Lender agree that notwithstanding any provision of any
Security Document to the contrary, all Liens created and perfected
pursuant to the Security Documents shall secure all Obligations of
Borrower.

5.3  Recordings and Filings of Security Documents.
Lender will record, file or deliver to account debtors as necessary
the Security Documents, as appropriate, at Borrower's expense,
promptly after execution and delivery thereof by Borrower.

5.4  Protection of Security Document Liens.  As and when
requested to do so by Lender, Borrower will cause to be delivered
to Lender from time to time any financing statements, continuation
statements, extension agreements and other documents, properly
completed and executed (and acknowledged when required) by
Borrower, in form and substance satisfactory to Lender, for the
purpose of perfecting or protecting Lender's Liens on the property
and interests subject to the Security Documents.

5.5  Right of Set-off.  Upon the occurrence and during
the continuance of any Event of Default, Lender is hereby
authorized at any time and from time to time, without notice to
Borrower (any such notice being expressly waived by Borrower), to
set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or
demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other
indebtedness at any time owing by Lender to or for the credit or
the account of Borrower against any and all of the Obligations of
Borrower now or hereafter existing, although such obligations may
be contingent and unmatured.  Lender agrees promptly to notify
Borrower after any such set-off and application, provided that the
failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such
set-off and application.  The rights of Lender under this Section
are in addition to other rights and remedies (including, without
limitation, other rights of set-off) which Lender may have.

5.6  Proceeds Account.  As a condition precedent to the
Initial Advance, Borrower will establish a demand deposit account
with a bank reasonably acceptable to the Lender (the "Proceeds
Account") into which all unexpended Advances of Dollar Loans will
be deposited by Lender and all revenues of Borrower, from the
Project or from any other source, will be deposited by the
Borrower.  Prior to completion, all funds in the Proceeds Account
will be expended by Borrower only for costs and expenses provided
for in the Development Plan.  As further conditions precedent to
the Initial Advance, (a) Borrower and the bank at which the
Proceeds Account is established will execute and deliver to Lender
a Bank Account Agreement pertaining to the Proceeds Account, and
(b) Borrower will have notified all of its account debtors to pay
all amounts due Borrower directly into the Proceeds Account and
will have provided evidence of such notification to Lender.  After
Completion, disbursements or withdrawals from the Proceeds Account
will be made by Borrower only in accordance with Expenditure
Forecasts which have been approved by Lender in accordance with
Section 8.2(i), or as otherwise permitted by this Agreement, or as
approved by Lender in its sole discretion.

5.7  Additional Collateral.  Borrower and Lender intend
that the Security Documents cover and extend to all property rights
and interests of Borrower, real or personal, tangible or
intangible, presently held or hereafter acquired, which are related
to the Project, the production therefrom, and the Proceeds of all
of the foregoing.  In the event that Borrower acquires any property
right or interest related to the Project which is not subject to
the Lien of the Security Documents, upon request therefor from
Lender, Borrower shall promptly execute such Instruments and take
such actions as Lender may reasonably request in order to perfect
a first and prior Lien on such right or interest.  Whether or not
Lender requests that any such right or interest be subjected to the
Security Documents, Borrower agrees to keep such rights or
interests related to the Project free and clear of all Liens other
than Permitted Liens.


ARTICLE 6

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

6.1  Conditions Precedent to Initial Advance.  The
obligations of Lender to extend the initial Advance of the Loans,
to execute the Hedging Agreement and to perform its other
obligations hereunder, are subject to satisfaction of the following
conditions precedent.

(a)  Lender or its counsel shall have received the
following on or before the date of initial Advance of Loans, each
dated on or no more than five days prior to such date, and in form
and substance as shall be satisfactory to Lender:

(i)  this Agreement, duly executed by Borrower;

(ii)  the Note, duly executed by Borrower;

(iii) the Hedging Agreement, together with
evidence satisfactory to Lender of aggregate Price Fixing
Commitments which comply with the requirements of Section 8.12;

(iv)  the Royalty Conveyance, duly executed by
Borrower;

(v)  the Security Documents, duly executed by
Borrower (other than the Bank Account Agreement), together with any
Uniform Commercial Code Financing Statements, amendments thereto,
notices or other Instruments determined by Lender to be necessary
or desirable to perfect the Liens established pursuant to the
Security Documents;

(vi)  the Completion Guarantee, duly executed
by Guarantor;

(vii) the Request for Loan, duly executed by
Borrower;

(viii) an Omnibus Certificate for each of
Borrower and Guarantor, duly executed by an officer thereof;

(ix)  a Certificate from the Secretary of State
of Borrower's state of incorporation, confirming the due
organization and good standing of Borrower in such state;

(x)    Certificates from the Secretaries of
State of Arizona and Colorado, in each case certifying that
Borrower is duly qualified to do business in such state as a
foreign corporation;

(xi)   the Opinion of Borrower's Counsel;

(xii)  the Security Opinion;

(xiii) the Opinion of Guarantor's Counsel;

(xiv)  certificates of issuing insurance
companies, confirming compliance by Borrower with the insurance
requirements set forth in Section 8.4;

(xv)   accurate and complete copies of the
financial statements ref erred to in Section 7. 1 (f);

(xvi)  the Title Insurance Commitment; and

(xvii) such other approvals, opinions or
documents as Lender may reasonably request.

(b)  The following shall be correct as of the date of the
initial Advance of the Loans by Lender:

(i)   Borrower shall have completed Borrower's
Expenditure and shall have provided Lender with evidence thereof
satisfactory to Lender;

(ii) since the date of the financial statements
of Borrower and Guarantor most recently delivered to Lender
(referred to in Section 7. 1 (f)), there has been no material
adverse change in the financial condition, operations or business
of Borrower or Guarantor;

(iii)  there is no pending or threatened action
or proceeding affecting Borrower or Guarantor before any court,
governmental agency or arbitrator, including any matter involving
Environmental Laws, which could be reasonably expected to have a
material adverse effect upon the financial condition, operations or
business of Borrower or Guarantor;

(iv)   a Phase I environmental audit of the
Property has been conducted at Borrower's expense by a consultant
acceptable to Lender in its sole discretion, and Lender has
approved the results thereof;

(v)    all management personnel for the Project
have been approved by Lender and the Independent Consultant; and

(vi)   Borrower has paid all Existing Bank
Indebtedness.

6.2  Conditions Precedent to All Advances.  The
obligation of Lender to make all Advances is subject to
satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:

(a)  there shall exist no Event of Default;

(b)  all representations and warranties made by
Borrower herein shall be true and correct on the date of such
Advance, except for such changes therein as shall be acceptable to
Lender;

(c)  all Governmental Requirements and all material
approvals and consents (including, without limitation, all material
approvals and consents required in connection with any
environmental statutes, rules or regulations) of Governmental
Authorities or other Persons, if any, required in connection with
the conduct of the Project, including specifically the activities
contemplated by the Development Plan, through the date of such
Advance, shall have been obtained and remain in effect;

(d)  the Completion Guarantee of the Guarantor shall
be in full force and effect in accordance with its terms, Guarantor
shall not have notified Borrower or Lender of any intention of
Guarantor not to honor its obligations under the Completion
Guarantee, and Lender shall not have received any information or
have any other basis reasonably to conclude that Guarantor would
not, or could not, honor its obligations under the Completion
Guarantee;

(e)  the Liens established by the Security Documents
shall be in full force and effect as valid, enforceable first
priority Liens on the Collateral, except for Permitted Liens;

(f)  no event shall have occurred or condition exist
which would have a Materially Adverse Effect on Borrower; and

(g)  Lender shall have received such additional
approvals, consents and opinions as it may reasonably require.


ARTICLE 7

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

7.1  Representations and Warranties of Borrower.
Borrower represent and warrant as follows:

(a)  Organization, Qualification and Subsidiaries.
Borrower is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the State of Kentucky and has
all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this
Agreement and the Loan Documents and to carry out the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby.  Borrower is duly qualified to do
business as a foreign corporation in the States of Arizona and
Colorado and in each other jurisdiction where the nature of its
business or properties requires such qualification.  Borrower has
no subsidiaries, except as indicated in Schedule 7.1(a) . The
capital stock of Borrower is duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable.  Guarantor is a corporation duly
incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the State of Delaware and has all requisite corporate power and
authority to enter into the Completion Guarantee and to carry out
the transactions contemplated thereby.

(b)  Authorization; No Conflict.  The execution,
delivery and performance by Borrower of this Agreement, of the
other Loan Documents and the Royalty Conveyance have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of
Borrower and do not and will not (i) require any consent or
approval of the stockholders of Borrower; (ii) contravene
Borrower's charter or bylaws; (iii) violate any provision of any
law, rule, regulation (including, without limitation, Regulations
G, T, U and X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System), order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination
or award presently in effect having applicability to Borrower; (iv)
result in a breach of or constitute a default under or require the
consent of any party pursuant to any indenture or loan or credit
agreement or any other agreement, lease or instrument to which
Borrower is a party or by which it or its properties may be bound
or affected; or (v) result in, or require, the creation or
imposition of any Lien (other than Liens arising under the Security
Documents) upon or with respect to any of the properties now owned
by Borrower; and, to the best knowledge of Borrower, Borrower is
not in default in any material respect under any such law, rule,
regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree,
determination or award or any such indenture, agreement, lease or
instrument, except as otherwise disclosed to Lender in writing
prior to the date hereof.  The execution, delivery and performance
by Guarantor of the Completion Guarantee has been duly authorized
by all necessary corporate action and does not and will not
contravene Guarantor's charter or bylaws.

(c)  Governmental Consents; Project Permits and
Authorizations.  No authorization or approval or other action by,
and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority is
required (i) for the due execution and delivery of, and due
performance of the financial obligations of Borrower under, this
Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Royalty Conveyance or for
the due execution, delivery and performance by the Guarantor of the
Completion Guarantee, or (ii) for the due performance of all other
obligations of Borrower under this Agreement, any other Loan
Document or the Royalty Conveyance (other than registrations or
filings to perfect the liens created by the Security Documents or
the recording of the Royalty Conveyance, except such
authorizations, approvals or other actions as have been obtained or
notices or filings as have been made, and except those
authorizations, approvals or other actions, or such notices or
filings which are not presently necessary for development or
operations at the Project and which Borrower after due inquiry
reasonably expects will be acquired or made in a timely fashion.
All Project Permits have been duly issued to or are held by
Borrower, are valid and in good standing and free of any violation
thereof by Borrower, and Borrower has not received any notice of an
asserted violation or proposed revocation, withdrawal or material
modification thereof.

(d)  Binding Obligations.  This Agreement is, and
the Loan Documents and Royalty Conveyance, when delivered
hereunder, will be legal, valid and binding obligations of Borrower
enforceable against Borrower in accordance with their respective
terms (except as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization moratorium and similar laws or equitable principles
affecting enforcement of creditors' rights generally at the time in
effect).

(e)  Litigation. Except as indicated in Schedule
7.1(e), there is no action, proceeding or investigation pending or
threatened in writing against or involving Borrower which alleges
the violation of any laws, including Environmental Laws, or which
questions the validity of this Agreement, or any of the Loan
Documents, or the Royalty Conveyance, or any action taken or to be
taken pursuant to this Agreement, or any of the Loan Documents, or
which questions the nature or extent of Borrower's title to the
Property or which might result, either in any case or in the
aggregate, in any Materially Adverse Effect on the business,
operations, condition (financial or otherwise), aggregate
properties or aggregate assets of Borrower or in any material
liability on the part of Borrower.

(f)  Financial Statements; No Material Adverse
Change.  The balance sheet of Borrower and the consolidated balance
sheet of Guarantor as of December 31, 1993, and the related
consolidated statements of income and retained earnings of such
Persons for the period then ended, audited by Arthur Andersen, and
the unaudited consolidated balance sheets of Borrower and Guarantor
as of December 31, 1993, and the related unaudited consolidated
statements of income and retained earnings of such Persons for the
period then ended, copies of which have been furnished to Lender,
fairly present the financial condition of Borrower and Guarantor as
at such date and the results of the operations of such Persons for
the period ended on such date, all in accordance with GAAP
consistently applied.  Neither Borrower nor Guarantor has on the
date hereof any material Contingent Liability or liability for
taxes, long-term leases or unusual forward or long-term commitments
which are not reflected in such financial statements.  Since such
date, except as previously disclosed in writing to Lender, neither
the business, operations or prospects of Borrower or Guarantor, nor
any of their respective properties or assets, have been affected by
any occurrence or development (whether or not insured against)
which would result, either in any case or in the aggregate, in a
Materially Adverse Effect on Borrower or Guarantor.

(g)  Other Agreements.  Borrower is not a party to
any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any lease or other
agreement or instrument or subject to any charter or other
corporate restriction which would, in the absence of a Default
thereunder, result in a Materially Adverse Effect on Borrower, or
materially impair the ability of Borrower to carry out its
obligations under this Agreement, or any of the Loan Documents or
the Royalty Conveyance.

(h)  Information Accurate.  Except as disclosed to
Lender on Schedule 7.1(h) hereto, none of the information delivered
to Lender by Borrower contains any material misstatement of fact or
omits to state a material fact, and all projections contained in
any such information, exhibits or reports, including in particular
the Development Plan, were based on information which when
delivered was, to the best knowledge of Borrower, true and correct,
and to the best knowledge of Borrower all calculations contained in
such projections were accurate, and such projections presented
Borrower's then-current estimate of its future business, operations
and affairs and, since the date of the delivery of such
projections, to the best knowledge of Borrower, there has been no
material change in the assumptions underlying such projections, or
the basis therefor or the accuracy thereof.

(i)  Employee Benefit Plans.  Borrower has not
established, does not maintain and has made no contributions to, or
has any liability with respect to, any Plan, except Plans
identified in Schedule 7.1(i).

(j)  Title to Properties; Liens.

(i)  With respect to those properties owned in
fee simple by Borrower which are subject to any of the Security
Documents, Borrower is in exclusive possession of and owns such
properties free and clear of all material defects of title, burdens
on production or Liens (except Liens disclosed in Schedule 7.1(i)),
except those specifically identified in the opinions of counsel to
Borrower delivered pursuant hereto.

(ii) With respect to those properties held
under leases or other contracts which are subject to any of the
Security Documents: (A) Borrower is in exclusive possession of such
properties; (B) Borrower has not received any notice of, and have
no knowledge of any default of any of the terms or provisions of
such leases or contracts; (C) Borrower has the authority under such
leases or contracts to perform fully its obligations under this
Agreement, the Loan Documents and the Royalty Conveyance; (D) to
the best of Borrower's knowledge and belief, such leases and
contracts are valid and are in good standing; and (E) to the best
of Borrower's knowledge and belief, the properties covered thereby
are free and clear of all defects of title or Liens, except for
those specifically identified in the opinions of counsel to
Borrower delivered in connection herewith or disclosed in Schedule
7.1(1) hereto or in such leases or contracts.  Borrower has
delivered or will make available to Lender all information
concerning title to the properties in Borrower's possession or
control which Lender requests.

(iii)  With respect to unpatented mining claims
which are subject to any of the Security Documents, to the best of
Borrower's knowledge and belief, except as provided in the opinions
of counsel to Borrower and special counsel to Borrower delivered
pursuant hereto and subject to the paramount title of the United
States: (A) the unpatented mining claims are free of Liens, except
as disclosed in Schedule 7.1(1); (B) the unpatented mining claims
were properly located and monumented; (C) all required location and
validation work was properly performed; (D) location notices and
certificates were properly recorded and filed with appropriate
governmental agencies; (E) all assessment work required to hold the
unpatented mining claims has been performed in a manner consistent
with that typically performed within generally accepted standards
of the mining industry through the assessment year ending September
1, 1992 through August 31, 1994; (F) all rental payments have been
duly and timely made in order to maintain such unpatented mining
claims after September 1, 1992, (G) all affidavits of assessment
work and other filings required to maintain the claims in good
standing have been timely recorded or filed with appropriate
governmental agencies; and (H) Borrower has no knowledge of
conflicting claims, except overlaps to avoid gaps or to maintain
parallel end lines, or inadvertent overstakings which do not
materially impair Borrower's property position, taken as a whole,
Nothing in this Section 7.1(i)(iii), however, shall be deemed to be
a representation or a warranty that any of the unpatented mining
claims contains a discovery of minerals.

(k)  Securities Activities.  The proceeds of the
Loans hereunder will not be used to acquire any security in any
transaction which is subject to Sections 13 and 14 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  Borrower is not engaged in the
business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or
carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), and the
proceeds of the Loans will not be used to purchase or carry margin
stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing
or carrying any margin stock.

(l)  Solvency.  Borrower is not entering into the
arrangements contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other
Loan Documents or the Royalty Conveyance with actual intent to
hinder, delay or defraud either present or future creditors. on and
as of the date hereof, and thereafter on and as of the date of the
undertaking of any actions contemplated by this Agreement,
including, without limitation, the Advances of the Loans, the
execution of the Hedging Agreement and the Royalty Conveyance,
after giving effect to the Loans, and all such Instruments, and to
any fees and expenses in connection with such undertaking, (i)
Borrower's property at a fair valuation, is, and will be, greater
than the sum of its Indebtedness (including its Contingent
Liabilities); (ii) the present fair salable value of Borrower's
assets exceeds, and will exceed, the probable liability of Borrower
on its Indebtedness (including its Contingent Liabilities) as they
become absolute and mature; (iii)  Borrower has not, and will not
have, incurred, and does not intend to, or believe that it will,
incur debts (including its Contingent Liabilities) beyond its
ability to pay such debts as such debts mature (taking into account
the timing and amounts of cash to be received by Borrower from any
source, and of amounts to be payable on or in respect of its
debts), and the cash available to Borrower after taking into
account all other anticipated uses of the cash, is, and is
anticipated to be, sufficient to pay all such amounts on or in
respect of such debts (including its Contingent Liabilities), when
such amounts are required to be paid; and (iv) Borrower has
sufficient capital with which to conduct its business and
Borrower's capital does not constitute unreasonably small capital
with which to conduct its business.  As used in clauses (i) through
(iv) above, the terms therein shall have the meanings as used in
Section 548 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code, the Uniform Fraudulent
Conveyance Act and any applicable state law concerning fraudulent
conveyances as such may from time to time have been amended or
developed by judicial interpretation to the date the
representations herein are made.

(m)  Warranties of Borrower With Respect to Gold.
Borrower warrants that Gold delivered by Borrower to Lender
hereunder will conform to the description of the Gold herein and
shall be free of Liens or rights or claims of interest by third
Persons.  THERE ARE NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO SUCH GOLD
OTHER THAN THOSE SPECIFIED HEREIN.  NO WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY,
OR ANY WARRANTY OF ANY OTHER NATURE, SHALL BE IMPLIED.

(n)  Capital Structure of Borrower.  Borrower has
the number of authorized, issued and outstanding shares specified
in Schedule 7.1(n). Borrower is a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Guarantor.  Except as indicated in Schedule 7.1(n); Borrower has no
outstanding obligations to issue additional shares or other equity
interests, including any stock or securities convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for any shares of its capital stock or
any rights or options to purchase any of the foregoing, or to
convert any existing Indebtedness to equity interests in Borrower.

(o)  Forward Sales Obligations.  Borrower has no
obligations currently in effect for the sale of Gold except forward
sales arrangements as contemplated by the Development Plan.

(p)  Material Agreements; Absence of Default.  All
of Borrower's Material Agreements are identified in Schedule
1.1(a). Borrower is not in default under any of the Material
Agreements and has not received any notice of an asserted default
thereunder from any other Person that is a party to any such
agreement.

(q)  Taxes and Other Payments.  Borrower has filed
all tax returns (including all property tax returns and other
similar tax returns applicable to the Property) and reports
required by law to have been filed by it and has paid all taxes and
governmental charges thereby shown to be owing and all claims for
sums due for labor, material, supplies, personal property and
services of every kind and character provided with respect to, or
used in connection with the Property and no claim for the same
exists except as permitted hereunder, except any such taxes,
charges or amounts which are being diligently contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves in
accordance with GAAP have been set aside on the books of Borrower.

(r)  Development Plan.  The Development Plan has
been prepared in accordance with prudent mining practices and after
diligent inquiry by Borrower, and Borrower is not aware of any
facts or state of affairs which would materially hinder or prevent
Borrower from operating the Property in accordance with the
Development Plan and achieving, after allowance for existing
royalty burdens, the net Gold production provided for therein.

(s)  Environmental Laws.  Except as set forth in
Schedule 7.1(s);

(i)  all facilities and property (including
underlying groundwater) comprising the Property have been, and
continue to be, owned, operated, leased or utilized by Borrower in
material compliance with all Environmental Laws;

(ii) with respect to the Property, there have
been no past, and there are no pending or threatened claims,
complaints, notices or requests for information received by
Borrower with respect to any alleged violation of any Environmental
Law;

(iii)  there have been no Releases of Hazardous
Materials at, on or under any property presently or formerly owned
or operated by Borrower that singly, or in the aggregate, have, or
may reasonably be expected to have a Materially Adverse Effect on
Borrower;

(iv) no property now or previously owned,
operated or leased by Borrower is listed or proposed for listing
(with respect to owned property only) on the National Priorities
List pursuant to CERCLA, on the CERCLIS or any similar state list
of sites requiring investigation or clean-up;

(v)  there are no underground or aboveground
storage tanks, active or abandoned, including petroleum storage
tanks, on or under any property now or previously owned, operated
or leased by Borrower that singly or in the aggregate, have, or may
reasonably be expected to have, a Materially Adverse Effect on
Borrower;

(vi) Borrower has not directly transported or
directly arranged for the transportation of any Hazardous Material
to any location which is listed or proposed for listing on the
National Priorities List pursuant to CERCLA, on the CERCLIS or on
any similar state list or which is the subject of federal, state or
local enforcement actions or other investigations which may lead to
material claims against Borrower for any remedial work, damage to
natural resources or personal injury, including claims under
CERCLA;

(vii)  there are no polychlorinated biphenyls
or friable asbestos present at any property now or previously
owned, operated or leased by Borrower that, singly or in the
aggregate, have, or may reasonably be expected to have, a
Materially Adverse Effect with respect to Borrower; and

(viii)  no conditions exist at, on or under any
property now or previously owned, operated or leased by Borrower
which, with the passage of time, or the giving of notice or both,
would give rise to liability under any Environmental Law that,
individually or in the aggregate, have, or may reasonably be
expected to have, a Materially Adverse Effect with respect to
Borrower.

(t)  Borrowers' Indebtedness.  Except as disclosed
on Schedule 7.1(t) or specifically identified in the financial
statements of Borrower identified in Section 7.1(f), Borrower has
no existing Indebtedness (a) which is not in the ordinary course of
business, and (b) which involves an obligation of $50,000 or
greater.

(u)  Cash for Borrower's Expenditure.  Borrower
currently has in cash or demand deposit accounts, as equity and not
as Indebtedness, and there are reflected in Borrower's financial
statements identified in Section 7.1(f), funds in the amount of the
Borrower's Expenditure.


ARTICLE 8

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS OF BORROWER

So long as the Loans or the Note shall remain unpaid, or
any other Obligation of Borrower shall not have been fully
performed or waived by Lender (including obligations of Borrower
under the Hedging Agreement), Borrower shall, unless Lender
otherwise consents in writing (which consent Lender may grant or
withhold in its sole discretion), perform all covenants in this
Article 8.

8.1  Compliance with Laws, Etc.  Borrower shall comply in
all material respects with all applicable laws (including without
limitation Environmental Laws) , rules, regulations and orders,
such compliance to include, without limitation, paying before the
same become delinquent all taxes, assessments, and governmental
charges imposed upon its property, except to the extent contested
in good faith and adequately reserved for in accordance with GAAP.

8.2  Reporting Requirements.  Borrower shall deliver to
Lender:

(a)  Quarterly Financial Information and Certifi-
cate.  As soon as available and in any event within 45 days after
the end of each of the first three quarters of each year, a
consolidated balance sheet of Borrower, and until release of the
Completion Guarantee, of Guarantor, as of the end of such quarter
and consolidated statements of income, cash flow and retained
earnings of Borrower and Guarantor for such quarter and for the
period commencing at the end of the previous year and ending with
the end of such quarter, together with a confirmation (showing
calculations) of Borrower's compliance with the financial covenants
of Sections 9.6 and 9.9 certified by the chief financial officer of
Borrower.

(b)  Annual Financial Information and Certificate.
As soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end
of each year, a consolidated balance sheet of Borrower, and until
release of the Completion Guarantee, of Guarantor, as of the end of
such year and consolidated statements of income, cash flow and
retained earnings of Borrower and Guarantor for such year and for
the quarter, certified in a manner acceptable to Lender by Arthur
Andersen, or other independent public accountants acceptable to
Lender, together with a confirmation (showing calculations) of
compliance with the financial covenants of Sections 9.6 and 9.9,
certified by the chief financial officer of Borrower.

(c)  Financial Forecast.  Concurrently herewith and
by each December 1, Borrower's operating financial forecasts and
projections (the "Borrower's Financial Forecast"), including
projected consolidated income statements, statements of projected
net operating cash flow and balance sheets.  The Borrower's
Financial Forecasts will be on a month-by-month basis and will
pertain to the following year, except that the Borrower's Financial
Forecast submitted herewith will pertain to the balance of 1994.
The Borrower's Financial Forecast shall include schedules of
projected capital expenditures and exploration expenditures and
shall otherwise be in form reasonably acceptable to Lender.

(d)  ERISA Information.  Promptly after the filing
or receiving thereof (if any), copies of all material reports and
notices under ERISA which Borrower files with or receives from the
Internal Revenue Service, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation
or the U.S. Department of Labor.

(e)  Environmental Matters.  Promptly after the
filing or receiving thereof, copies of all notices which Borrower
receives from any governmental authority alleging its noncompliance
with Environmental Laws and any replies of Borrower filed in
response thereto.

(f)  Projected Variations in the Development Plan.
Concurrently herewith and on or before each December 1, Borrower
shall submit to Lender a report which shall show any projected
variations from the Development Plan in Gold production from the
Project and in operating costs, capital expenditures and
exploration expenditures of achieving such production (i) on a
monthly basis, for the remainder of the then-current calendar year,
and (ii) on a monthly basis, for the next calendar year.

(g)  Statement of Reserves.  Concurrently herewith,
and not later than each October 1 and April 1 thereafter, Borrower
shall submit to Lender a certificate, certified by each of the
Project Manager and the president of Borrower, indicating the
calculations of the Project's Proven and Probable Reserves as at
the preceding December 31 (in the case of the certificates
submitted concurrently herewith and on April 1) or June 30 (in the
case of the October 1 certificates), with each such certificate
referred to as a "Statement of Reserves."

(h)  Quarterly Compliance Certificates.  As soon as
available and in any event no later than 45 days after the end of
each quarter, Borrower shall deliver to Lender a certificate by the
chief financial officer of Borrower, showing (i) calculations and
demonstration of compliance with the financial covenants of
Sections 9.6 and 9.9; (ii) after June 30, 1994, actual expenditures
contrasted with projected capital and exploration expenditures as
shown in Borrower's Financial Forecast; and (iii) confirming
compliance by Borrower with the other covenants herein and in the
Loan Documents, including in particular compliance with Sections
9.7 and 9.8 hereof.

(i)  Monthly Project Reports.  No later than the
30th day of each month, Borrower shall submit to Lender a report
concerning production and operations of the Project during the
preceding month, and showing production and cost information and
statistics, to include actual expenditures contrasted with
projected expenditures as budgeted in the Development Plan, in form
and substance reasonably acceptable to Lender.

(j)  Monthly Project Expenditures Forecast.  Not
later than the tenth day of each month, Borrower will prepare and
submit to Lender an Expenditure Forecast.  Lender will promptly
review the Expenditure Forecast and signify its approval thereof to
Borrower if it is in the required form and provides for
expenditures on the Project which conform to, or are less than
called for in, the Development Plan.  In all other cases, approval
of the Expenditure Forecast will be in Lender's sole discretion.

(k)  Litigation. Promptly after initiation thereof,
notice of any litigation by or against Borrower or the Property, or
litigation against Borrower's other properties which could have a
Materially Adverse Effect on Borrower.

(l)  Other Information.  Such other information
respecting the condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of
Borrower as Lender may from time to time reasonably request.

8.3  Inspection.  At any reasonable time during normal
business hours and from time to time, on reasonable notice,
Borrower shall permit Lender or its agents or representatives to
examine and make copies of and abstracts from the records and books
of account of, and visit the properties of, Borrower, and to
discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of Borrower with any of
its respective officers, directors, employees or agents.  Borrower
will not be responsible for injuries to or damages suffered by
agents or representatives of Lender while visiting the properties
of Borrower unless such injuries or damage are caused or
contributed to by the negligence or willful misconduct of Borrower,
or its employees or agents.

8.4  Maintenance of Insurance  Borrower shall maintain,
with respect to the Property and the Project and with respect to
Borrower's other assets and business generally, insurance with
responsible and reputable insurance companies or associations,
including business interruption insurance with respect to the
Project covering losses through such interruption in an amount not
less than $2,000,000, otherwise in such amounts and covering such
risks, as provided in Schedule 8.4.

8.5  Maintenance of Equipment, Etc.  Borrower shall
maintain and preserve all equipment and other personal property
which is material to the proper conduct of the Project in good
working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, in
accordance with maintenance requirements specified in connection
with manufacturer's warranties therefor.

8.6  Keeping of Records and Books of Account.  Borrower
shall keep adequate records and books of account, in which complete
entries shall be made in accordance with GAAP consistently applied,
reflecting all financial transactions of such Borrower.

8.7  Preservation of Corporate Existence, Etc.  Borrower
shall preserve and maintain its corporate existence, rights,
franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction of its incorporation,
except that Borrower may change its state of incorporation from
Kentucky to Delaware if evidence thereof is promptly provided to
Lender and qualify and remain qualified as a foreign corporation in
each jurisdiction in which such qualification is necessary or
desirable in view of its business and operations or the ownership
of its properties.

8.8  Conduct of Business.  Borrower shall engage solely
in the business of exploring for and mining gold and industrial
minerals, and in activities incident thereto, in accordance with
generally accepted industry practices.

8.9  Notice of Default.  Borrower shall furnish to Lender
as soon as possible and in any event within five Business Days
after the occurrence of each Event of Default or each event or
condition which with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or
both, would constitute an Event of Default, continuing on the date
of such statement, a statement of the president or chief financial
officer of Borrower setting forth the details of such Event of
Default or event or condition, and the action which Borrower
propose to take with respect thereto.

8.10 Defense of Title.  Borrower shall defend, at its
expense, title to the Property of Borrower, as such title is
represented and warranted in Section 7. 1 (i) , and the Liens in
favor of Lender under the Security Documents and maintain and
preserve such Liens as first Liens upon the properties and
interests subject to the Security Documents.

8.11 Operation of the Project.  Borrower agrees to use
all commercially reasonable efforts to maintain, develop and
operate the Property and the Project in accordance with the
Development Plan.

8.12 Hedging Requirements.  Concurrently with the Advance
of the Loans, either pursuant to the Hedging Agreement, or
pursuant to other Price Fixing Commitments fixing the prices at
which Gold produced from the Property is sold, Borrower will have
entered into Price Fixing Commitments for Gold produced from the
Project such that the proceeds thereof (both as to amount and as to
timing) are sufficient to discharge, to an extent acceptable to
Lender, the Operating Costs for the Project through the Scheduled
Maturity Date as reflected in the Development Plan.

8.13 Maintenance of the Property.  Borrower agrees to
maintain its property rights and interests in the Property in full
force and effect, and to do all acts reasonably determined by
Borrower to be necessary to preserve such rights and interests,
including, by way of example and not limitation, payment and
performance of all terms of leases pertaining to such rights and
interests, and timely performance of work reasonably intended to
satisfy the annual assessment work requirements for unpatented
mining claims included in such properties, or timely payment of
appropriate sums in lieu of performance of assessment work, and
timely filing of federal and state notices with respect thereto;
provided, however, that Borrower may, in the ordinary course of
business, abandon unpatented mining claims and/or leased properties
which it does not believe warrant further maintenance expenditures.

8.14 Key Personnel.  Borrower shall obtain the Lender's
approval of the individual employed to serve as the senior Project
manager, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld by
Lender.


ARTICLE 9

NEGATIVE COVENANTS OF BORROWER

So long as the Loans and the Note shall remain unpaid, or
any other Obligation of Borrower shall not have been fully
performed or waived by Lender (including obligations of Borrower
under the Hedging Agreement), Borrower shall, unless Lender
otherwise consents in writing (which consent Lender may grant or
withhold in its sole discretion), perform all covenants in this
Article 9.

9.1  Indebtedness.  Borrower shall not directly or
indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any
Indebtedness except (i) Indebtedness hereunder and under the Note;
(ii) Indebtedness secured by purchase money Liens or consisting of
leases permitted by clauses (iii), (iv) and (v) of Section 9.2;
(iii) Indebtedness existing on the date hereof disclosed to Lender,
(iv) unsecured trade payables; and (v) Indebtedness subordinated to
Borrower's Indebtedness under this Agreement or any of the Loan
Documents on terms satisfactory to Lender in its sole discretion.

9.2  Liens, Etc.  Borrower shall not, directly or
indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien, upon
or with respect to any portion of the Property, now owned or
hereafter acquired, or assign or otherwise convey any right to
receive the production, proceeds or income therefrom, except:

(i)  Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental
charges or levies if the same shall not at the time be delinquent
or thereafter can be paid without penalty, or are being contested
in good faith and by appropriate proceedings;

(ii)  Liens imposed by law, such as carriers,
warehousemen and mechanics' liens and other similar liens arising
in the ordinary course of business in an amount which at no time
exceeds $100,000;

(iii)  Liens of purchase money mortgages and other
security interests on equipment acquired, leased or held by
Borrower (including equipment held by any of Borrower as lessee
under leveraged leases in the ordinary course of business to secure
the purchase price of such equipment or to secure indebtedness
incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition
(including acquisition as lessee under leveraged leases),
construction or improvement of any such equipment to be subject to
such mortgages or security interests, or mortgages or other
security interests existing on any such equipment at the time of
such acquisition, or extensions, renewals or replacements of any of
the foregoing for the same or a lesser amount, provided that no
such mortgage or other security interest shall extend to or cover
any equipment other than the equipment being acquired, constructed
or improved, and no such extension, renewal or replacement shall
extend to or cover any property not theretofore subject to the
mortgage or security interest being extended, renewed or replaced,
and provided further, that the aggregate principal amount of the
Indebtedness of Borrower at any one time outstanding and secured by
mortgages and other security interest permitted by this clause
(iii) shall not exceed $500,000 and that any such Indebtedness
shall not otherwise be prohibited by the terms of this Agreement;

(iv)  Liens outstanding on the date hereof and
described in Schedule 7.1(1) hereto;

(v)   Liens securing subordinated Indebtedness
permitted by Section 9.1(iii); and

(vi)  Liens arising under the Security Documents and
under this Agreement.

9.3  Assumptions, Guarantees, Etc. of Indebtedness of
Other Persons.  Borrower shall not, directly or indirectly, assume,
guarantee, endorse or otherwise become directly or contingently
liable (including, without limitation, liable by way of agreement,
contingent or otherwise, to purchase, to provide funds for payment,
to supply funds to or otherwise invest in the debtor or otherwise
to assure the creditor against loss) in connection with any
Indebtedness or any other Person, except guarantees by endorsement
of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar
transactions in the ordinary course of business.

9.4  Investments in Other Persons.  Borrower shall not,
directly or indirectly, (i) make any loan or advance (other than
approved capital expenditures and exploration expenses) to any
Person exceeding at any one time outstanding an aggregate of
$50,000, or (ii) purchase or otherwise acquire the capital stock,
assets, or obligations of, or any interest in, any Person (other
than readily marketable direct obligations of the United States of
America and certificates of time deposit issued by Lender or
commercial banks of recognized standing operating in the United
States of America) ; provided, however, that to the extent Borrower
invests in any such Person, it shall inform Lender thereof promptly
upon such investment and shall provide all information with respect
to such Person as Lender may require.

9.5  Mergers, Etc.  Borrower shall not, directly or
indirectly, merge or consolidate with any Person, or sell, assign,
lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a
series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets
(whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to any Person, or acquire
(whether in one transaction or in any series of transactions) all
or substantially all of the assets of any Person, without the prior
written consent of Lender.

9.6  Financial Covenants.  Borrower will not permit:

(a)  the Loan Life Ratio, calculated on the date of
the initial Advance and the first day of each quarter of each year
(commencing August 1, 1994), to be, on each such date as shall
occur on or after the date of calculation, less than or equal to
150%; or

(b)  the Project Life Ratio, calculated on the date
of the initial Advance and the first day of each quarter of each
year (commencing August 1, 1994), to be, on each such date as shall
occur on or after the date of calculation, less than or equal to
200%.

9.7  Project Reserves.  Borrower will not permit the
value of the Proven and Probable Reserves of the Property to be
less than 400% of the aggregate outstanding Principal Amount of the
Loans outstanding at any time.

9.8  Minimum Reserves.  Borrower will not permit any
Obligations to remain outstanding if the Proven and Probable
Reserves of the Property included in the Project are reduced to 32%
or less of the Proven and Probable Reserves thereof on the date of
the initial Advance.

9.9  Debt Service Coverage.  For any quarter, utilizing
the terms set forth in the Development Plan, Borrower will not
permit the sum of (x) "Net Gold Flow Less Debt Service", plus (y)
total principal and interest payments due with respect to the Loans
in such quarter ("Debt Service") , to be less than 130% of (z) Debt
Service due in such quarter.

9.10 Restriction on Dividends and Redemptions.  Borrower
shall not declare, order, pay or make (i) any dividend or other
distribution, directly or indirectly, in respect of any shares of
any class of stock of Borrower, now or hereafter outstanding,
except a dividend payable solely in shares of that class of stock
to the holders of that class, or (ii) any redemption, retirement,
purchase or other acquisition of any such shares of any class of
stock of Borrower.

9.11 Limitations on Price Fixing Commitments.  Subject to
the requirements of Section 9.12, Borrower shall not, directly or
indirectly, enter into or be a party to (i) any contract or
arrangement (including forward sales agreements, futures and option
contracts) which requires or may, upon the occurrence of certain
events, require Borrower to deliver Gold during a certain year, if
at such time 72% of the projected Gold production for the Project
for such year (as set forth in the Development Plan) shall already
be committed for delivery under this Agreement and under other
similar contracts or arrangements, or (ii) any production payments
(other than normal and customary royalties on production of the
Project).

9.12 Sale of Project Assets.  Borrower shall not,
directly or indirectly, sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dispose
of any of its assets or properties related to the Project, except
for sales of Gold, other mineral production and other properties
and assets related to the Project in the ordinary course of
business.

9.13 Restrictions on Capital Expenditures, Etc.  Borrower
shall not, directly or indirectly, incur expenditures for capital
improvements or exploration expense at the Project or on other
properties of Borrower other than as set out in the then-current
Borrower's Financial Forecast and the Development Plan.

9.14 Take or Pay Contracts.  Borrower will not enter into
or be a party to any arrangement for the purchase of materials,
supplies, other property or services if such arrangement by its
express terms requires that payment be made by Borrower regardless
of whether or not such materials, supplies, other property or
services are delivered or furnished to it; provided, that nothing
in this Section shall prohibit Borrower from entering into any
Price Fixing Commitments as contemplated by Section 8.12.


9.15 Restrictive and Inconsistent Agreements.  Borrower
will not enter into any agreement or undertaking or incur or suffer
any obligation prohibiting or inconsistent with the performance by
Borrower of the Obligations.

9.16 Limitations on Payment of Certain Indebtedness.
Borrower will not repay in whole or in part the principal amount of
any Indebtedness owed to Guarantor, or to any Affiliate of
Guarantor or Borrower, prior to payment and performance in full of
all Obligations hereunder.  The foregoing limitation does not apply
to, and Borrower is permitted to redeem or otherwise reacquire from
Guarantor, the Guarantor's equity interest in Borrower issued to
Guarantor in connection with Borrower's acquisition of the funds
comprising the Borrower's Expenditure at any time each of the
following conditions is met: (a) no Default exists, (b) the
Completion Date has occurred, and (c) such redemption or
reacquisition is effected using funds which constitute net proceeds
to Borrower from a public or private sale of common stock in
Borrower.  Borrower will not pay any interest or other amounts
(other than principal) due with respect to any such Indebtedness to
Guarantor or to any Affiliate of Guarantor or Borrower while a
Default exists hereunder.


ARTICLE 10

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

10.1 Event of Default.  Each of the following events
shall be an "Event of Default" hereunder:

(a)  Nonpayment. Borrower shall fail to pay any
principal when due hereunder (whether at stated maturity or by
prepayment or otherwise), or shall fail to pay interest hereunder
or on the Note when due.

(b)  Specific Defaults.  Borrower shall fail to
observe or perform any of its covenants contained in Article 9 of
this Agreement.

(c)  Other Defaults.  Borrower shall fail to observe
or perform any of its covenants contained in this Agreement, other
than the covenants referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) above, and
Borrower has not remedied such default within 10 days after notice
of default has been given by Lender to Borrower.

(d)  Representation or Warranty.  Any representa-
tions or warranty made by Borrower (or any of their respective
officers) under or in connection with this Agreement or the other
Loan Documents shall prove to have been incorrect in any material
respect when made.

(e)  Cross-Default. A default shall occur under any
of the Security Documents, the Hedging Agreement, the Royalty
Conveyance or the Completion Guarantee or Borrower shall fail to
pay any Indebtedness in excess of $100,000 in principal amount (but
excluding Indebtedness evidenced by the Note and LC Loans), or any
interest or premium thereon, when due (whether by scheduled
maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise);
or any other default under any agreement or instrument relating to
any such Indebtedness or any other event, shall occur and shall
continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in
such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such default or
event is to accelerate, or to permit the acceleration of, the
maturity of such Indebtedness, unless such default or event shall
be waived by the holders or trustees for such Indebtedness; or any
such Indebtedness shall be declared to be due and payable, or
required to be prepaid (other than by a regularly scheduled
required prepayment), prior to the stated maturity thereof.

(f)  Insolvency. Either of Borrower or (while the
Completion Guarantee is in effect) Guarantor shall generally not
pay its debts as such debts become due, or shall admit in writing
its inability to pay its debts generally, or shall make a general
assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any proceeding shall be
instituted by or against Borrower or Guarantor seeking to
adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking a liquidation,
winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection,
relief, or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to
bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors, or
seeking the entry of any order for relief or the appointment of a
receiver, trustee, or other similar official for it or for any
substantial part of its property and, if instituted against the
Borrower or Guarantor, shall remain undismissed for a period of 60
days; or Borrower or Guarantor shall take any corporate action to
authorize any of the actions set forth in this paragraph (f).

(g)  Judgments. A final judgment or order for the
payment of money in excess of $100,000 shall be rendered against
Borrower and either (i) enforcement proceedings shall have been
commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order or (ii) a
stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a
pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect for any period
of 10 consecutive days.

(h)  Security Interest.  Any of the Security
Documents after delivery thereof shall for any reason, except to
the extent permitted by the terms thereof, cease to create a valid
and perfected first priority security interest in any of the
collateral purported to be covered thereby, or Borrower shall so
state in writing.

(i)  Completion Guarantee. The Completion Guarantee
shall, for any reason other than the termination thereof in
accordance with Section 11.1, cease to be effective and
enforceable, or Guarantor shall so state in writing.

(j)  Condemnation.  Any of the property or assets of
Borrower necessary for the operation of the Project is taken by
power of expropriation or eminent domain or sold under threat of
such taking, or possession of any @material portion of the lands
necessary for the operation of the Project is taken through
exercise of such power.

(k)  Regulatory Action.  Any Governmental Authority
shall take any action with respect to Borrower, the Project or the
Project Permits or any other Collateral subject to the Mortgage
which would materially and adversely affect Borrower's condition,
operations on the Project or ability to repay the Loan unless such
action is set aside, dismissed or withdrawn within ninety (90) days
of its institution or such action is being contested in good faith
and its effect is stayed during such contest.

(l)  Abandonment and Termination.  The Project shall
be abandoned or terminated.

(m)  Default Event Under Price Fixing Commitment.
A default by Borrower shall have occurred and be continuing under
any Price Fixing Commitment, whether with Lender or another Person.

10.2 Remedies Upon Event of Default.

(a)  Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default
specified in Section 10.1(f) of this Agreement or, in the case of
any other Event of Default, upon notice by Lender to Borrower of
Lender's election to declare Borrower in default, the obligations
of Lender hereunder including, without limitation, Lender's
obligation to Advance Loans shall terminate.  The date on which
such notice is sent or, in the case of an Event of Default
specified in Section 10.l(f) of this Agreement, the date of such
Event of Default, shall be the "Date of Default."

(b)  Upon the Date of Default, in addition to any
other remedies that Lender may have hereunder, Lender shall have
the right to elect, upon notice to Borrower, to exercise its rights
under the assignment of production in the Mortgage.

(c)  Upon the Date of Default, upon notice thereof
from Lender to Borrower in all cases other than the occurrence of
an Event of Default as specified in Section 10.1(f), the Loans, all
interest thereon, Breakage Costs and all other amounts owed by
Borrower hereunder shall be immediately due and payable in full.
In the case of an Event of Default specified in Section 10.1(f), no
notice from Lender shall be required, and all amounts owed by
Borrower hereunder shall be immediately due and payable on the Date
of Default, without notice from Lender.

(d)  Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, all
of the remedies provided to Lender in all of the Security
Agreements shall immediately become available to Lender.

(e)  Except as expressly provided above in this
Section 10.2, presentment, demand, protest and all other notices of
any kind are hereby expressly waived.  From and after the Date of
Default, interest shall accrue at the Default Rate provided in
Section 3.5 (c) and shall be payable on demand.


ARTICLE 11

MISCELLANEOUS

11.1 Termination of Completion Guarantee.  The Completion
Guarantee shall automatically terminate on the Completion Date.
Upon a request from Guarantor, Lender will promptly execute and
deliver to Guarantor a written Instrument confirming termination of
the Completion Guarantee.

11.2 Independent Consultant Monitoring of Financial
Covenants.  As of each June 30 and December 31, commencing December
31, 1994, Lender will cause the Independent Consultant, at the
expense of Borrower, to investigate and provide to Lender a
certificate concerning the compliance or non-compliance of Borrower
with the covenants set forth in Sections 9.6, 9.7, 9.8 and 9.9.  A
copy of such certificate and of any report prepared by the
Independent Consultant in connection with such certificate will be
provided to Borrower.  Expenses of the Independent Consultant will
be itemized in reasonable detail.

11.3 Amendments, Etc.  Except as otherwise expressly
provided in this Agreement, no amendment or waiver of any provision
of this Agreement or of the Note, nor consent to any departure by
Borrower therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same
shall be in writing and signed by Lender, and, in the case of any
amendment, by Borrower, and then such waiver or consent shall be
effective only in the specific instance and for the specific
purpose for which given.

11.4 Notices, Etc.  All notices and other communications
provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including telex,
telegraphic and facsimile communication) and mailed, telegraphed,
sent by facsimile, or delivered,

If to Borrower,

5460 Ward Road
Suite 370
Arvada, Colorado 80002
Attention: President
Facsimile: (303) 425-7497;

and if to Lender,

New Court, St. Swithin's Lane
London EC4P 4DU
Attention: Michael Price
Facsimile: 011 44 71 280 5139

with a copy to:

Rothschild Denver, Inc.
3020 Republic Plaza
370 Seventeenth Street
Denver, Colorado 80202
Facsimile: (303) 572-5472

as to each party, at such other address or number as shall be
designated by such party in a written notice to the other.  All
such notices and communications shall be effective (i) when
received, if mailed by registered or certified mail or physically
delivered; (ii) when delivered to the telegraph office, if sent by
telegraph; (iii) five days after being sent by mail, if sent by
ordinary mail; and (iv) upon confirmation of transmission, if sent
by telex or facsimile, addressed in each case as aforesaid, except
that notices to Lender under Articles 2 or 3 shall not be effective
until received by Lender.

11.5 No Waiver; Remedies.  No failure on the part of
Lender to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder
or under the Note shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any
single or partial exercise of any right hereunder or under the Note
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of
any other right.  The remedies herein provided are cumulative and
not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

11.6 Costs, Expenses and Taxes.  Borrower agree to pay on
demand all reasonable costs and expenses in connection with the
preparation, execution, delivery and administration of this
Agreement, the Loan Documents, the Completion Guarantee, the
Royalty Conveyance and the other documents to be delivered
hereunder, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and
expenses of legal counsel and any independent consultants to Lender
and all other out-of-pocket expenses of Lender, and all costs and
expenses, if any, in connection with the enforcement of this
Agreement, the Loan Documents, the Completion Guarantee, the
Royalty Conveyance and the other documents to be delivered
hereunder.  All such expenses will be itemized in reasonable
detail.  In addition, Borrower shall pay any and all stamp,
mortgage recording and other taxes, filing fees or charges payable
or determined to be payable in connection with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement, the Loan Documents, the Completion
Guarantee, the Royalty Conveyance and the other documents to be
delivered hereunder, and agrees to save Lender harmless from and
against any and all liabilities with respect to or resulting from
any delay in paying or omission to pay such taxes, filing fees or
charges.

11.7 Binding Effect; Assignment.  This Agreement shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of Borrower, Lender and their
respective successors and assigns, except that Borrower shall not
have the right to assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder
or any interest herein without the prior written consent of Lender.
Lender may assign to its successors and affiliates, or may grant
participations to one or more banks or other Persons (other than
competitors of Borrower identified to Lender by Borrower) in or to
all or any part of, and may assign to one or more banks or other
Persons (other than such competitors) all or any part of, this
Agreement, the Loan Documents, the Loans, the Completion Guarantee,
the Royalty Conveyance and, to the extent of such assignment, such
assignee shall have the same obligations, rights and benefits with
respect to Borrower as it would have had if it were Lender
hereunder.

11.8 GOVERNING LAW.  THIS AGREEMENT AND THE NOTE AND THE
OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, EXCEPT THE SECURITY DOCUMENTS, SHALL BE
GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE
STATE OF COLORADO, INCLUDING THE CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS
THEREOF.  THE SECURITY DOCUMENTS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF
THE JURISDICTION SPECIFIED THEREIN, OR IF NONE IS SPECIFIED, BY THE
LAWS OF THE JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE COLLATERAL SUBJECT THERETO IS
PRINCIPALLY LOCATED.

11.9 Submission to Jurisdiction.  For the purpose of
assuring that Lender may enforce its rights under this  Agreement,
Borrower, for itself and its successors and assigns, hereby
irrevocably (a) agrees that any legal or equitable action, suit or
proceeding against Borrower arising out of or relating to this
Agreement, the Loan Documents, the Royalty Conveyance or any
transaction contemplated hereby or thereby or the subject matter of
any of the foregoing may be instituted in any state or federal
court in the City and County of Denver, State of Colorado; (b)
waives any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the
venue of any such action, suit or proceeding or any claim of forum
non conveniens; (c) submits itself to the nonexclusive jurisdiction
of any such state or federal court for purposes of any such action,
suit or proceeding; and (d) waives any immunity from jurisdiction
to which it might otherwise be entitled in any such action, suit or
proceeding which may be instituted in any such state or federal
court, and waives any immunity from the maintaining of an action
against it to enforce in any such state or federal court or
elsewhere, any judgment for money obtained in any such action, suit
or proceeding and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any
immunity from execution.  Borrower agrees that it will, promptly
after the date hereof, appoint CT Corporation System in Denver,
Colorado, as its registered agent for service of process in the
State of Colorado in any action arising hereunder, and will provide
Lender with evidence of such appointment.

11.10  Waiver of Jury Trial.  Each party hereto
irrevocably and unconditionally waives the right to trial by jury
in any legal or equitable action, suit or proceeding arising out of
or relating to this Agreement, the Loan Documents or the Royalty
Conveyance, or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby or
the subject matter of any of the foregoing.

11.11  Execution in Counterparts.  This Agreement may be
executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties
hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed
shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto
duly authorized as of the date first above written.

ADDWEST MINERALS, INC.

By: /s/ Charles S. Williams
Charles S. Williams
President

PER PRO

N M ROTHSCHILD & SONS LIMITED


/s/ Donald Douglas, Asst. Director


/s/ Michael A. Price, Director





Schedule 3.6(b)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

SCHEDULED PRINCIPAL PAYMENTS

On each of the dates indicated below Borrower shall make a mandatory
repayment of the Principal Amount of the Loans in an amount equal to the
product of (y) the percentage set forth opposite such date and (z) the
initial aggregate Principal Amount of the Loans.

Percentage of
Repayment Date                  Loans to be Repaid
<S>                             <C>
July 31, 1995                   16.086%
October 31, 1995                30.934%
January 31, 1996                23.819%
April 30, 1996                  14.642%
July 31, 1996                    8.043%
October 31, 1996                 6.476%
100.000%
</TABLE>





396:addingto:asc:exhibit1.0l



