






Credit Agreement


Exhibit 10.1
EXECUTION VERSION
CREDIT AGREEMENT

dated as of

August 29, 2011
among
WEINGARTEN REALTY INVESTORS,

The Lenders Party Hereto
and
THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA,

as Administrative Agent
and
PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING

CORPORATION,
as
Syndication Agents
and
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Documentation Agent

and
THE BANK OF
NOVA SCOTIA, PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and
SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION,

as Joint Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners






TABLE OF CONTENTS




Page

ARTICLE I         DEFINITIONS	  	 	1

Section 1.01.
Defined Terms	  	 	1

Section 1.02.
Classification of Loans and Borrowings	  	 	18

Section 1.03.
Terms Generally	  	 	18

Section 1.04.
Accounting Terms; GAAP	  	 	18

ARTICLE II       THE CREDITS	  	 	19

Section 2.01.
Commitments	  	 	19

Section 2.02.
Loans and Borrowings	  	 	19

Section 2.03.
Requests for Borrowing	  	 	19

Section 2.04.
[Reserved]	  	 	20

Section 2.05.
[Reserved]	  	 	20

Section 2.06.
Funding of Borrowings	  	 	20

Section 2.07.
Interest Elections	  	 	21

Section 2.08.
[Reserved]	  	 	22

Section 2.09.
Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt	  	 	22

Section 2.10.
Prepayment of Loans	  	 	23

Section 2.11.
Fees	  	 	23

Section 2.12.
Interest	  	 	23

Section 2.13.
Alternate Rate of Interest	  	 	24

Section 2.14.
Increased Costs	  	 	25

Section 2.15.
Break Funding Payments	  	 	25

Section 2.16.
Taxes	  	 	26

Section 2.17.
Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs	  	 	27

Section 2.18.
Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders	  	 	29

ARTICLE III       REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES	  	 	29

Section 3.01.
Organization; Powers	  	 	30

Section 3.02.
Authorization; Enforceability	  	 	30

Section 3.03.
Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts	  	 	30

Section 3.04.
Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change	  	 	30

Section 3.05.
Properties	  	 	30












TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)




Page

Section 3.06.
Intellectual Property	  	 	32

Section 3.07.
Litigation and Environmental Matters	  	 	32

Section 3.08.
Compliance with Laws and Agreements	  	 	34

Section 3.09.
Investment and Holding Company Status	  	 	34

Section 3.10.
Taxes	  	 	34

Section 3.11.
ERISA	  	 	34

Section 3.12.
Disclosure	  	 	34

Section 3.13.
Insurance	  	 	35

Section 3.14.
Margin Regulations	  	 	35

Section 3.15.
Subsidiaries	  	 	35

ARTICLE IV      CONDITIONS	  	 	35

Section 4.01.
Effective Date	  	 	35

ARTICLE V       AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS	  	 	36

Section 5.01.
Financial Statements; Ratings Change and Other Information	  	 	36

Section 5.02.
Financial Tests	  	 	37

Section 5.03.
Notices of Material Events	  	 	38

Section 5.04.
Existence; Conduct of Business	  	 	38

Section 5.05.
Payment of Obligations	  	 	38

Section 5.06.
Maintenance of Properties; Insurance	  	 	38

Section 5.07.
Books and Records; Inspection Rights	  	 	39

Section 5.08.
Compliance with Laws	  	 	39

Section 5.09.
Use of Proceeds	  	 	39

Section 5.10.
Fiscal Year	  	 	39

Section 5.11.
Environmental Matters	  	 	39

Section 5.12.
Guaranties	  	 	40

Section 5.13.
Further Assurances	  	 	40

ARTICLE VI      NEGATIVE COVENANTS	  	 	40

Section 6.01.
Liens	  	 	40

Section 6.02.
Fundamental Changes	  	 	40

Section 6.03.
Investments, Loans, Advances and Acquisitions	  	 	41












TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)




Page

Section 6.04.
Hedging Agreements	  	 	42

Section 6.05.
Transactions with Affiliates	  	 	42

Section 6.06.
Restrictive Agreements	  	 	42

Section 6.07.
Government Regulation	  	 	43

ARTICLE VII     EVENTS OF DEFAULT	  	 	43

ARTICLE VIII   THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT	  	 	45

Section 8.01.
General	  	 	45

Section 8.02.
Defaulting Lender	  	 	47

ARTICLE IX      MISCELLANEOUS	  	 	49

Section 9.01.
Notices	  	 	49

Section 9.02.
Waivers; Amendments	  	 	49

Section 9.03.
Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver	  	 	51

Section 9.04.
Successors and Assigns	  	 	52

Section 9.05.
Survival	  	 	54

Section 9.06.
Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness	  	 	55

Section 9.07.
Severability	  	 	55

Section 9.08.
Right of Setoff	  	 	55

Section 9.09.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process	  	 	55

Section 9.10.
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL	  	 	56

Section 9.11.
Headings	  	 	56

Section 9.12.
Confidentiality	  	 	56

Section 9.13.
Interest Rate Limitation	  	 	57

Section 9.14.
Liability of Holders	  	 	58

Section 9.15.
USA PATRIOT ACT NOTIFICATION	  	 	58











SCHEDULES:
Schedule 2.01 — Commitments
Schedule 3.05(f) — Flood, Earthquake or Seismic Area

Schedule 3.07 — Disclosed Matters
Schedule 3.15 — Subsidiaries
Schedule 6.01 — Existing Liens

Schedule 6.06 — Existing Restrictions

EXHIBITS:
Exhibit A — Form of Assignment
and Assumption
Exhibit B — Form of Compliance Certificate
Exhibit C — Form of Guaranty
Exhibit D — Note

Exhibit E — Form of Borrowing Request/Interest Rate Election










This CREDIT AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is entered into as of August 29,
2011, among WEINGARTEN REALTY INVESTORS, a Texas real estate investment trust (the “Borrower”), each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the “Lenders” and individually, a “Lender”),
THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as Administrative Agent (the “Administrative Agent”), PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, as Syndication Agents, and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Documentation
Agent.
WHEREAS, the Borrower desires to obtain Loans (as such term is hereinafter defined) from the Lenders; and

WHEREAS, subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Lenders are willing to make Loans to the Borrower, as
provided for herein;
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the covenants and agreements contained herein, the
adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree that the aforementioned recitals are true and correct and hereby incorporated herein and that the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

Definitions
SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below:
“ABR”, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the
Alternate Base Rate.
“Adjusted LIBO Rate” means, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing for any Interest
Period, an interest rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) equal to (a) the LIBO Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate.

“Adjusted Net Operating Income” means, for any income producing Real Property, the Net Operating Income less the Capital
Expenditure Reserve for such property.
“Administrative Agent” means The Bank of Nova Scotia, in its capacity
as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder.
“Administrative Questionnaire” means an Administrative
Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.
“Affiliate” means, with respect to a specified
Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any Lender be deemed to be an
Affiliate of Borrower.


1







“Alternate Base Rate” means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the
greatest of (a) the Base Rate in effect on such day, (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 1/2 of 1%, and (c) the Adjusted LIBO Rate for a one month Interest Period on such day (or if such day is not a
Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1%, provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Adjusted LIBO Rate for any day shall be based on the rate appearing on the Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page (or on any successor or
substitute page) at approximately 11:00 a.m. London time on such day. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Base Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Rate shall be effective from and including the
effective date of such change in the Base Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Rate, respectively.

“Applicable Percentage” means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the total Commitments represented by such
Lender’s Commitment; provided that, in the case of Section 8.02 where a Defaulting Lender shall exist, “Applicable Percentage” shall mean, under the circumstances therein stated, the percentage of the total
Commitments (disregarding any Defaulting Lender’s Commitment) represented by such Lender’s Commitment. If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Loans then outstanding,
giving effect to any assignments.
“Applicable Rate” means, for any day, with respect to any ABR Loan or
Eurodollar Loan, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption “ABR Spread” or “Eurodollar Spread”, as the case may be, based upon the ratings by Moody’s and S&P, respectively,
applicable on such date to the Index Debt:



Index Debt Ratings:
ABR
Spread	 	 	Eurodollar
Spread
Category 1 A-/A3 or better
0.00	% 	 	 	1.00	%
Category 2 BBB+/Baa1
0.125	% 	 	 	1.125	%
Category 3 BBB/Baa2
0.25	% 	 	 	1.25	%
Category 4 BBB-/Baa3
0.50	% 	 	 	1.50	%
Category 5 Worse than BBB-/Baa3
0.875	% 	 	 	1.875	%

For purposes of the foregoing, (i) if either Moody’s or S&P shall not have in effect a
rating for the Index Debt (other than by reason of the circumstances referred to in the last sentence of this definition), then such rating agency shall be deemed to have established a rating in Category 5; (ii) if the ratings established or
deemed to have been established by Moody’s and S&P for the Index Debt shall fall within different Categories, the Applicable Rate shall be based on the higher of the two ratings unless one of the two ratings is two or more Categories lower
than the other, in which case the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the Category next below that of the higher of the two ratings; and (iii) if the ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody’s and
S&P for the Index Debt shall be changed


2








(other than as a result of a change in the rating system of Moody’s or S&P), such change shall be effective as of the date on which it is first announced by the applicable rating agency,
irrespective of when notice of such change shall have been furnished by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Section 5.01(e) hereof or otherwise. Each change in the Applicable Rate shall apply during the
period commencing on the effective date of such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. If the rating system of Moody’s or S&P shall change, or if either such rating agency shall cease
to be in the business of rating corporate debt obligations, the Borrower and the Lenders shall negotiate in good faith to amend this definition to reflect such changed rating system or the unavailability of ratings from such rating agency and,
pending the effectiveness of any such amendment, the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the rating most recently in effect prior to such change or cessation.
“Approved Fund” means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary
course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.

“Assignment and Assumption” means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the
consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent.

“Base Rate” means, at any time, the rate of interest most recently established by the Administrative Agent in New York
as its base rate for Dollars in the United States, each change in the Base Rate being effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced as being effective (the Base Rate is not necessarily intended to be the lowest rate of
interest determined by the Administrative Agent in connection with extensions of credit).
“Board” means the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America.
“Borrower” means
Weingarten Realty Investors, a Texas real estate investment trust.
“Borrowing” means Loans of the same Type,
made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurodollar Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect.
“Borrowing Request” means a request by the Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03.
“Business Day” means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in [Houston, Texas] or New York, New York are authorized or required by law to remain
closed; provided that, when used in connection with a Eurodollar Loan, the term “Business Day” shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in dollar deposits in the London interbank market.



3







“Capital Expenditure Reserve” means, on an annual basis, an amount equal to
(a) for use in calculating the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and the Adjusted Net Operating Income, the product of (i) the aggregate number of gross square feet of improvements contained in each Real Property parcel owned by Borrower or any
Subsidiary measured as of the last day of each of the immediately preceding four (4) calendar quarters and averaged, multiplied by (ii) $0.15; and (b) for use in calculating Value, the product of (i) the aggregate number of gross
square feet of improvements contained in the applicable Real Property owned by Borrower or any Subsidiary as of the last day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, multiplied by (ii) $0.15. Capital Expenditure Reserve shall be
calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, and including (without duplication) the Equity Percentage of Capital Expenditure Reserve for the Borrower’s Unconsolidated Affiliates.

“Capital Lease Obligations” of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any
lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the
amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP.
“Change in
Control” means (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission thereunder as in effect on the date hereof), of shares representing more than 33% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Borrower; (b) occupation of a majority of the
seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors of the Borrower by Persons who were neither (i) nominated by the board of directors of the Borrower nor (ii) appointed by directors so nominated; or (c) the acquisition of
direct or indirect Control of the Borrower by any Person or group.
“Change in Law” means (a) the
adoption of any law, rule or regulation after the date of this Agreement by any Governmental Authority, (b) any change in any law, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the date
of this Agreement or (c) compliance by any Lender (or, for purposes of Section 2.14(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender’s holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not
having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement; notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules,
guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee or Banking Supervisor (or any successor or
similar authority for the United States or foreign authorities), in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a “Change in Law,” regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.

“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.

“Commitment” means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Loans hereunder, as such
commitment may be reduced or increased from time to


4








time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The amount of each Lender’s Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01, or in the Assignment and
Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable. The aggregate amount of the Lenders’ Commitments is $200,000,000.00.
“Compliance Certificate” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.01(c) hereof and a form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit B.

“Control” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise, which includes the customary powers of a managing member of any limited liability company, any general partner of any limited partnership, or
any board of directors of a corporation. “Controlling” and “Controlled” have meanings correlative thereto.
“Credit Party” means the Borrower and each Guarantor, if any.

“Debt to Total Asset Value Ratio” means the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of the Borrower’s Indebtedness to
Total Asset Value.
“Default” means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which
upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default.
“Defaulting
Lender” means any Lender, as determined by Administrative Agent, that has (a) failed to fund any portion of its Loans within three (3) Business Days after the date required to be funded by it hereunder, (b) notified Borrower,
Administrative Agent or any Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement or has made a public statement to the effect that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations
under this Agreement or under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by Administrative Agent, to confirm that it will comply with the terms of this Agreement relating
to its obligations to fund prospective Loans, (d) otherwise failed to pay over to Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within three (3) Business Days after the date when due, unless
the subject of a good faith dispute, or (e) (i) becomes or is insolvent or has a parent company that has become or is insolvent or (ii) becomes
the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee or custodian appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to,
approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment or has a parent company that has become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee or custodian appointed for it, or has taken
any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment.

“Development Property” means the property described in clause (c) of the definition of Value.


5







“Disclosed Matters” means the actions, suits and proceedings and the
environmental matters disclosed in Schedule 3.07.
“Dollars” or “$” refers to lawful
money of the United States of America.
“EBITDA” means an amount derived from (a) net income, plus
(b) to the extent included in the determination of net income, depreciation, amortization, interest expense and income taxes, plus or minus (c) to the extent included in the determination of net income, any losses or gains resulting from
Real Property sales other than merchant build sales, write-downs, write-ups, write-offs or other valuation adjustments of assets or liabilities, in each case, as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, and including (without
duplication) the Equity Percentage of EBITDA for the Borrower’s Unconsolidated Affiliates.
“Effective
Date” means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02).
“Eligible Ground Lease” means a lease of Real Property in which the Borrower or a Subsidiary is ground lessee meeting the following requirements: (a) a remaining term (including
renewal options exercisable at lessee’s sole option) of at least twenty-five (25) years, and (b) the Administrative Agent has determined that the ground lease is financeable in that it provides or allows (either in the ground lease or
in a current valid estoppel letter executed by the landlord) for, without further consent from the landlord, (i) notice and right to cure to lessee’s lender, (ii) a pledge and mortgage of the leasehold interest, and
(iii) recognition of a foreclosure of the leasehold interest including no prohibition on entering into a new lease with the lender.
“Environmental Laws” means all applicable laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into
by any Governmental Authority, relating in any way to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the management, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Material or to health and safety matters and includes (without
limitation) the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (“CERCLA”), 42 U.S.C. § 9601 et. seq., the Hazardous Materials Transportation Authorization Act, 49 U.S.C. § 5101
et seq., the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C. § 136 et seq., the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (“RCRA”), 42 U.S.C. § 6901 et. seq., the Toxic Substances
Control Act, 15 U.S.C. § 2601 et. seq., the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. §7401 et. seq., the Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C. § 1251 et. seq., the Occupational Safety and Health Act, 29 U.S.C. §
651 et. seq., (to the extent the same relates to any Hazardous Materials), and the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, 33 U.S.C. § 2701 et seq., as such laws have been amended or supplemented, and the regulations promulgated
pursuant thereto, and all analogous state and local statutes.
“Environmental Liability” means any liability,
contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any
Environmental Law, (b) exposure to any Hazardous Materials in violation of any Environmental Law, (c) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment in violation of any Environmental Law or (d) any
contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.


6







“Equity Percentage” means the aggregate ownership percentage of Borrower
and its Subsidiaries in each Unconsolidated Affiliate, which shall be calculated as follows: (a) for inclusion in Indebtedness, Borrower’s nominal capital ownership interest in the Unconsolidated Affiliate as set forth in the
Unconsolidated Affiliate’s organizational documents, and (b) for all other purposes, the greater of (i) Borrower’s nominal capital ownership interest in the Unconsolidated Affiliate as set forth in the Unconsolidated
Affiliate’s organizational documents, and (ii) Borrower’s economic ownership interest in the Unconsolidated Affiliate, reflecting Borrower’s share of income and expenses of the Unconsolidated Affiliate.

“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time.

“ERISA Affiliate” means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated
as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.

“ERISA Event” means (a) any “reportable event”, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the
regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) the existence with respect to any Plan of an “accumulated funding deficiency” (as defined in Section 412
of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(d) of the Code or Section 303(d) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any
Plan; (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan
administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the
withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice,
concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA; or (h) the adoption of an amendment to any Plan
that, pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) and Section 436(c) of the Code, would result in the loss of tax-exempt status of the trust of which such Plan is a part if the Borrower or an ERISA Affiliate fails to timely provide contributions to
such Plan in accordance with the provisions of Section 436(c) of the Code.
“Eurodollar”, when used in
reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate.

“Event of Default” has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII.


7







“Excluded Taxes” means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any
Lender or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder, (a) income or franchise taxes imposed on (or measured by) its net income by the United States of America, or by the
jurisdiction under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located, (b) any branch profits taxes imposed by the United
States of America or any similar tax imposed by any other jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located and (c) in the case of a Foreign Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 2.18(b)),
any withholding tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office) or is attributable to such Foreign Lender’s failure to comply
with Section 2.16(e), except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect
to such withholding tax pursuant to Section 2.16(a).
“Existing Credit Agreement” means the
Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2010, among the Borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the banks party thereto.

“Federal Funds Effective Rate” means, for any day, the weighted average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next
1/100 of 1%) of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such
rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) of the quotations for such day for such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds
brokers of recognized standing selected by it.
“Financial Officer” means the vice president of capital
markets, the chief financial officer, chief accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower.
“Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio” means the ratio of (a) the Borrower’s EBITDA for the immediately preceding four (4) calendar quarters less the Capital Expenditure Reserve for such period; to (b) all of the principal due and
payable and principal paid on the Borrower’s Indebtedness (excluding balloon payments of principal due at the stated maturity of such Indebtedness, and any full or partial loan prepayments prior to the stated maturity thereof), plus all of the
Borrower’s Interest Expense, plus the aggregate of all cash dividends payable on the Borrower’s or any of its Subsidiaries’ preferred stock, in each case for the period used to calculate EBITDA, all of the foregoing calculated without
duplication.
“Foreign Lender” means any Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than
that in which the Borrower is located. For purposes of this definition, the United States of America, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction.

“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, subject to the provisions of
Section 1.04.


8







“Governmental Authority” means the government of the United States of
America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory
or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government.
“Guarantee” of or by any Person (the
“guarantor”) means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the “primary
obligor”) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other
obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other
obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation
or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation; provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the
ordinary course of business, and shall not include guaranties or contingent liabilities under operating leases customarily undertaken or incurred by Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business as either landlord or tenant.

“Guarantor” means the Persons listed on Exhibit C-1 attached hereto, and any other Person who from
time to time has executed a Guaranty as required by the terms of this Agreement.
“Guaranty” means a guaranty
in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto.
“Hazardous Materials” means all explosive or radioactive
substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other
substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law.
“Hedging Agreement” means
any interest rate protection agreement, foreign currency exchange agreement, commodity price protection agreement or other interest or currency exchange rate or commodity price hedging arrangement.

“Historical Value” shall mean the recorded book value, before consideration of accumulated depreciation, of Real
Property, including improvements, ordinary related purchase transaction costs, and the cost of capital improvements (including construction costs for property under construction or development) made by the Borrower, less any provision for losses,
all determined in accordance with GAAP.
“Indebtedness” of any Person means, without duplication,
(a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or with respect to deposits or advances of any kind, (b) all


9








obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid, (d) all
obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (e) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding
current accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (f) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on
property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, (g) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others based on the amount guaranteed by such Person, (h) all Capital Lease
Obligations of such Person, (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty, (j) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect
of bankers’ acceptances, (k) all obligations contingent or otherwise, of such Person with respect to any Hedging Agreements (calculated on a mark-to-market basis as of the reporting date), however, in the case of more than one Hedging
Agreement with the same counterparty, the obligation shall be netted, (l) payments received in consideration of sale of an ownership interest in Borrower when the interest so sold is determined, and the date of delivery is, more than one
(1) month after receipt of such payment and only to the extent that the obligation to deliver such interest is not payable solely in such interest of such Person, and (m) all TIF liabilities characterized as debt by GAAP, less the amount
of any of the identical TIF obligations that are owned by the obligor under such TIF liabilities. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner)
to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person’s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor.
Indebtedness shall be calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, and including (without duplication) the Equity Percentage of Indebtedness for the Borrower’s Unconsolidated Affiliates.

“Indemnified Taxes” means Taxes other than Excluded Taxes.

“Index Debt” means senior, unsecured, long-term indebtedness for borrowed money of the Borrower that is not guaranteed
by any other Person or subject to any other credit enhancement.
“Industrial Property” means Real Property
that is used primarily for service center/light industrial/bulk warehouse (not heavy manufacturing) purposes.

“Interest Election Request” means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with
Section 2.07.
“Interest Expense” means all of a Person’s paid, accrued or capitalized
interest expense on such Person’s Indebtedness (whether direct, indirect or contingent, and including, without limitation, interest on all convertible debt), and including (without duplication) the Equity Percentage of Interest Expense for the
Borrower’s Unconsolidated Affiliates.
“Interest Payment Date” means the first Business Day of each
calendar quarter.


10








“Interest Period” means, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing, the
period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending (i) on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, two, three or six months thereafter, or (ii) seven or fourteen days thereafter for no more than three
(3) Eurodollar Borrowings outstanding at one time, as the Borrower may elect; provided that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding
Business Day unless, in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing only, such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day and (ii) any Interest
Period pertaining to a Eurodollar Borrowing that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last
Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or
continuation of such Borrowing.
“Lenders” means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01 and any other
Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption.

“LIBO Rate” means, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing for any Interest Period, the rate appearing on Reuters
Screen LIBOR01 Page (or on any successor or substitute page thereof, or any successor to or substitute for such page, providing rate quotations comparable to those currently provided on such page, as determined by the Administrative Agent from time
to time for purposes of providing quotations of interest rates applicable to dollar deposits in the London interbank market) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, as
the rate for dollar deposits with a maturity comparable to such Interest Period. In the event that such rate is not available at such time for any reason, then the “LIBO Rate” with respect to such Eurodollar Borrowing for such
Interest Period shall be the rate at which dollar deposits of $5,000,000 and for a maturity comparable to such Interest Period are offered by the principal London office of the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds in the London
interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period.

“Lien” means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance,
charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect
as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities.

“Loan Documents” means this Agreement, the Notes, any Guaranty and all other instruments, agreements and written
obligations executed and delivered by any of the Credit Parties in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.

“Loans” means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement.


11








“Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on (a) the
business, assets, operations, or condition, financial or otherwise, of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Credit Parties (as a whole) to perform their obligations under the Loan Documents or (c) the
rights of or benefits available to the Lenders under the Loan Documents.
“Material Indebtedness” means
Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Non-recourse Debt), or obligations in respect of one or more Hedging Agreements, of any one or more of the Borrower and the other Credit Parties in an aggregate principal amount exceeding $25,000,000.

“Maturity Date” means August 29, 2012.

“Maximum Rate” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.13.

“Minority Subsidiary” means a Subsidiary whose accounts would be consolidated with those of its parent (as defined in
the definition of Subsidiary) as provided in the definition of Subsidiary, but the parent owns securities or other ownership interests representing less than 50% of the equity or less than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a
partnership, less than 50% of the general partnership interests.
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors
Service, Inc.
“Mortgage Notes” means mortgages and notes receivable secured by valid and enforceable first
priority liens on real estate.
“Multiemployer Plan” means a multiemployer plan as defined in
Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.
“Net Operating Income” means, for any income producing operating Real
Property, the difference between (a) any rentals (other than those paid or payable other than in cash), proceeds and other income received from such property, including all pass-through reimbursables (to the extent the expense being reimbursed
is included as an expense in clause (b) below) and percentage rent (but excluding security or other deposits, early lease termination or other penalties, or other income of a non-recurring nature) during the determination period, less
(b) an amount equal to all costs and expenses (excluding interest expense, income taxes and any expenditures that are capitalized in accordance with GAAP) incurred as a result of, or in connection with, or properly allocated to, the operation
or leasing of such property during the determination period; provided, however, that the amount for the expenses for the management of a property included in clause (b) above shall be set at three percent (3%) of the
amount provided in clause (a) above. Net Operating Income shall be calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, and including (without duplication) the Equity Percentage of Net Operating Income for the Borrower’s
Unconsolidated Affiliates.
“Net Worth” means Total Asset Value less Indebtedness of the Borrower.

“Non-recourse Debt” means any Indebtedness the payment of which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is
not obligated to make other than to the extent of any security therefor and customary carve-outs, including, without limitation, fraud, criminal activity, misapplication of funds, ad valorem taxes, and environmental matters.


12








“Note” means a promissory note in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
D payable to a Lender evidencing certain of the obligations of the Borrower to such Lender and executed by Borrower, as the same may be amended, supplemented, modified or restated from time to time; “Notes” means, collectively,
all of such Notes outstanding at any given time.
“Occupancy Level” means the occupancy level of a Real
Property that is leased to bona fide tenants not Affiliates of any Credit Party or the subject property manager (or any of their respective Affiliates) paying rent under written leases, based on the square feet of occupancy at the time of
determination.
“Other Taxes” means any and all present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other
excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement.

“Participant” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04.

“PBGC” means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity
performing similar functions.
“Permitted Encumbrances” means:

(a) Liens imposed by law for taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.05;

(b) carriers’, warehousemen’s, mechanics’, materialmen’s, workers’, repairmen’s and other like Liens
imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than thirty (30) days or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.05;

(c) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers’ compensation, unemployment insurance
and other social security laws or regulations;
(d) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, purchase,
construction or sales contracts and similar obligations, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business;

(e) judgment liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (j) of Article VII;

(f) easements, outstanding mineral and royalty interests, building setback lines, maintenance liens, use restrictions,
rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with
the ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary;


13








(g) uniform commercial code protective filings with respect to personal property leased to
the Borrower or any Subsidiary; and
(h) landlords’ liens for rent not yet due and payable;

provided that the term “Permitted Encumbrances” shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness consisting of borrowed
money.
“Permitted Investments” means:

(a) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States of
America (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America), in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof;

(b) investments in commercial paper maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof and having, at such date of
acquisition, a credit rating from S&P or from Moody’s of A2/P2 or better;
(c) investments in certificates of
deposit, banker’s acceptances and time deposits maturing within 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial
bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than $500,000,000;

(d) fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than thirty (30) days for securities described in clause
(a) above and entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) above;
(e)
investments in Subsidiaries and Unconsolidated Affiliates made in accordance with this Agreement;
(f) investments in
obligations of the Federal National Mortgage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, with the highest credit rating obtainable from S&P or from Moody’s;

(g) investments in other real estate investment trusts; and
(h) investments in TIF obligations issued solely to finance Real Property owned by the Borrower, Subsidiaries or Unconsolidated Affiliates.

“Person” means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company,
partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity.


14








“Plan” means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer
Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of
ERISA be deemed to be) an “employer” as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA.
“Qualified Real
Property” means Real Property that (a) is not subject to a Lien in any manner, other than Permitted Encumbrances, and (b) is not subject to or affected by any limiting agreement described in Section 6.06(a).

“Real Property” means, collectively, all interest in any land and improvements located thereon (including
Eligible Ground Leases and direct financing leases of land and improvements owned by a Person), together with all equipment, furniture, materials, supplies and personal property now or hereafter located at or used in connection with the land and all
appurtenances, additions, improvements, renewals, substitutions and replacements thereof now or hereafter acquired by any Person.
“Register” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04.

“Related Parties” means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person’s Affiliates and the respective
directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person’s Affiliates.

“Release” means any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, pouring, dumping, emptying, injection, deposit,
disposal, discharge, dispersal, leaching or migration on or into the indoor or outdoor environment or into or out of any property.
“Remedial Action” means all actions, including without limitation any capital expenditures, required or necessary to (i) clean up, remove, treat or in any other way address any
Hazardous Material; (ii) prevent the Release or threat of Release, or minimize the further Release, of any Hazardous Material so it does not migrate or endanger public health or the environment; (iii) perform pre-remedial studies and
investigations or post-remedial monitoring and care; or (iv) bring facilities on any property owned or leased by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries into compliance with all Environmental Laws.

“Required Lenders” means, at any time, Lenders holding at least 51% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding
Loans.
“Retail Property” means Real Property that is used primarily as a retail shopping center, which may
include ancillary uses such as office, medical and restaurant uses.
“S&P” means Standard &
Poor’s Rating Group.
“Secured Debt” means the Indebtedness of the Borrower and any of its subsidiaries
secured by a Lien, and (without duplication) any Indebtedness (secured and unsecured) of any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Guarantor.


15








“Secured Debt to Total Asset Value Ratio” means the ratio (expressed as a
percentage) of Secured Debt to Total Asset Value.
“Stabilization Date” means, with respect to a property,
the earlier of (a) eighteen (18) months after substantial completion of new construction or development, or (b) the first date the Occupancy Level is at least ninety percent (90%).

“Statutory Reserve Rate” means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the
denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentages (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System to which the Administrative Agent is subject, with respect to the Adjusted LIBO Rate, for Eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as “Eurocurrency Liabilities” in Regulation D of the Board). Such reserve percentages shall
include those imposed pursuant to such Regulation D. Eurodollar Loans shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be
available from time to time to any Lender under such Regulation D or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage.

“Subsidiary” means, with respect to any Person (the “parent”) at any date, any corporation, limited
liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent’s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with
full consolidation method GAAP as of such date.
“Taxes” means any and all present or future taxes, levies,
imposts, duties, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed by any Governmental Authority.
“TIF” means tax
increment financing issued by a Governmental Authority chartered in the United States of America backed by dedicated tax increments.
“Total Asset Value” means the sum of (without duplication) (a) the aggregate Value of all of Borrower’s Real Property (subject to the applicable maximum investment limitations
in Section 6.03(i)); plus (b) the amount of any cash and cash equivalents, excluding tenant security and other restricted deposits of the Borrower; plus (c) investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates that are engaged primarily in
the business of investment in and operation of Real Property, valued at an amount equal to the Value of each Unconsolidated Affiliate’s Real Property multiplied by the Equity Percentage for that Unconsolidated Affiliate; plus (d) loans,
advances and extensions of credit that are not then in default (calculated on the book value of the investment in accordance with GAAP) (subject to the maximum investment limitations in Section 6.03(e)); plus (e) the result of
multiplying (i) the Borrower’s aggregate gross asset management and property management income for the immediately preceding six (6) calendar months multiplied by two (2), by (ii) five (5), provided, however, that
such amount may not exceed five percent (5%) of Total Asset Value inclusive of such amount. Total Asset Value for items (a) through (e) above shall be calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.


16








“Transactions” means the execution, delivery and performance by the Credit
Parties of the Loan Documents, the borrowing of Loans and the use of the proceeds thereof.
“Type”, when used
in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the Alternate Base Rate.

“Unconsolidated Affiliate” means, with respect to any Person (the “parent”), at any date, any
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would not be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent’s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were
prepared in accordance with full consolidation method GAAP as of such date.
“Unencumbered Debt Yield” means
the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of (a) the Adjusted Net Operating Income for Qualified Real Property for the immediately preceding four (4) calendar quarters, to (b) the Borrower’s Indebtedness other than Secured Debt.

“Unencumbered Interest Coverage Ratio” means the ratio of (a) the Adjusted Net Operating Income for
Qualified Real Property for the immediately preceding four (4) calendar quarters, to (b) the Borrower’s Interest Expense on all of the Borrower’s Indebtedness other than Secured Debt for the period used to calculate Adjusted Net
Operating Income.
“Unseasoned Property” means Real Property that is completed but has not reached the
Stabilization Date.
“Value” means the sum of the following:

(a) for Real Property that has reached the Stabilization Date and that Borrower or Subsidiary of Borrower has owned for all of the
immediately preceding eighteen (18) calendar months, and for any Real Property project (but not a portion thereof) that Borrower or a Subsidiary of Borrower has owned for at least six (6) calendar months that is described in clause
(b) of this definition but which Borrower elects to include (which shall be an irrevocable decision) in this clause (a), the result of dividing (i) the aggregate Net Operating Income of the subject property based on the
immediately preceding six (6) calendar months and multiplied by two (2), less the Capital Expenditure Reserve for such property, by (ii) eight and one-half percent (8.50%); plus

(b) for Real Property that is completed but (i) has not reached the Stabilization Date or (ii) has not been owned by Borrower
or a Subsidiary of Borrower for all of the immediately preceding eighteen (18) calendar months, the Historical Value of the subject property, provided, however, that such aggregate amount (not including Real Property that Borrower
or a Subsidiary of Borrower has owned for less than six (6) calendar months) included in Total Asset Value may not exceed ten percent (10%) of Total Asset Value before inclusion of such amount; plus

(c) for Real Property that is under construction or development, the Historical Value of the subject property; plus


17








(d) for Real Property that is undeveloped land, and for Real Property that is the
Borrower’s corporate offices owned in fee by the Borrower, currently located at 2600 Citadel, Houston, Texas, the Historical Value of the subject property.
In calculating Value, if the Real Property is not owned by the Borrower or a wholly-owned Subsidiary but the Borrower or a Subsidiary guarantees Indebtedness secured by such Real Property, the Value of
the applicable Real Property will be based on the percentage of the Indebtedness that is guaranteed and recorded in accordance with GAAP so long as the guaranty is senior in right of payment to any equity interest of an owner.

“Withdrawal Liability” means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such
Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.
SECTION 1.02. Classification
of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Type (e.g., a “Eurodollar Loan”). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Type (e.g., a “Eurodollar Borrowing”).

SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of
the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words “include”, “includes” and “including” shall be deemed to be followed by
the phrase “without limitation”. The word “will” shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word “shall”. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any
agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments,
supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person’s successors and assigns, (c) the words “herein”, “hereof” and “hereunder”,
and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to
Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (e) the words “asset” and “property” shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible
assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.
SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the
Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the
Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be
interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Without limiting the generality



18









of the foregoing, Administrative Agent and Lenders recognize that the Borrower changed its method of accounting from the pro rata method of accounting to the full consolidation method of
accounting for financial accounting purposes, in accordance with GAAP. Notwithstanding such change, the Borrower shall continue to calculate compliance with the financial covenants in this Agreement based on GAAP prior to the change, and shall
prepare footnotes to each Compliance Certificate required to be delivered under this Agreement that indicate which method was used for a particular covenant calculation.
ARTICLE II
The Credits

SECTION 2.01. Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender agrees to make Loans to the Borrower
in a single Borrowing on the Effective Date in an aggregate principal amount equal to such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount of the Borrowing requested on such date (but in no event more than the aggregate Commitments). If
the aggregate amount of Loans requested by the Borrower is less than the total Commitments, any unused portion of the Commitments shall thereupon be cancelled.
SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings.
(a) Each Lender’s Loan shall be
made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations
hereunder.
(b) Subject to Section 2.13, each Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or Eurodollar
Loans as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith. Each Lender at its option may make any Eurodollar Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; provided that any exercise of such
option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
(c)
At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Eurodollar Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000. At the time that each ABR Borrowing is made, such
Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000, Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time; provided that there shall not at any time be more than a
total of four (4) Eurodollar Borrowings outstanding.
(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the
Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date.

SECTION 2.03. Requests for Borrowing. To request a Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request
by telephone (a) in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York, New York time, three (3) Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (b) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11:00
a.m., New York, New York time, one (1) Business Day before the date of the proposed


19









Borrowing. Each such telephonic Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Borrowing Request in
the form of Exhibit E attached hereto and hereby made a part hereof and signed by the Borrower. Each such telephonic and written Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02:

(i) the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing;

(ii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day;
(iii) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Eurodollar Borrowing;

(iv) in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the
definition of the term “Interest Period”; and
(v) the location and number of the Borrower’s account to which
funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.06.
If no election as to the Type of Borrowing
is specified in the Borrowing Request, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Eurodollar Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest
Period of one month’s duration, in the case of a Eurodollar Borrowing. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount
of such Lender’s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing.
SECTION 2.04. [Reserved].

SECTION 2.05. [Reserved].
SECTION 2.06. Funding of Borrowings.
(a) Each Lender shall make each Loan
to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 12:00 noon, New York, New York time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to
the Lenders. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to an account designated by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request.

(b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender
will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and
may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and
the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such


20









corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative
Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the
Borrower, the interest rate applicable to the corresponding Loan made to the Borrower. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender’s Loan included in such Borrowing. A Defaulting
Lender shall also make the payments required by the last paragraph of Article VIII.
SECTION 2.07. Interest
Elections.
(a) Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the
case of a Eurodollar Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a
Eurodollar Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated
ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing.
(b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by telephone by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under
Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such telephonic Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be
confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request in the form of a Borrowing Request (with proper election made for an interest rate election only) and signed by the Borrower.

(c) Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with
Section 2.02:
(i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are
being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and iv below shall be specified
for each resulting Borrowing);
(ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which
shall be a Business Day;
(iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Eurodollar Borrowing; and

(iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Eurodollar Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect
to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term “Interest Period”.


21








If any such Interest Election Request requests a Eurodollar Borrowing but does not specify an Interest
Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of seven days’ duration.
(d) Promptly
following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender’s portion of each resulting Borrowing.

(e) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Eurodollar Borrowing prior to the end of the
Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to a Eurodollar Borrowing with an Interest Period of seven days’ duration.
Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing
(i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Eurodollar Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each Eurodollar Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto.

SECTION 2.08. [Reserved].
SECTION 2.09. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt.
(a) The Borrower
hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Loan on the Maturity Date. The Loans shall be evidenced by the Notes; provided, however, that
upon written request of any Lender, its Loans will be evidenced by this Agreement and a Note will not be executed in favor of such Lender. Except as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, the Loans shall be evidenced by Notes executed by
the Borrower, one to each Lender for such Lender’s Commitment.
(b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its
usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time
hereunder.
(c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan
made hereunder, the Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any
sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender’s share thereof.
(d)
The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that
the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.


22








SECTION 2.10. Prepayment of Loans.

(a) From and after May 29, 2012, the Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay, without penalty, any
Loans in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with paragraph (b) of this Section, and subject to Section 2.15, if applicable. Once prepaid, a Loan may not be reborrowed.

(b) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent by telephone (confirmed by telecopy) of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the
case of prepayment of a Eurodollar Borrowing, not later than 1:00 p.m., New York, New York time, three (3) Business Days before the date of prepayment, or (ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 1:00 p.m., New
York, New York time, one (1) Business Day before the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid. Promptly following
receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of the same Type
as provided in Section 2.02. Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.12.

(c) In connection with the prepayment of any Loan prior to the expiration of the Interest Period applicable thereto, the
Borrower shall also pay any applicable expenses pursuant to Section 2.15.
(d) Amounts to be applied to the
prepayment of Loans pursuant to any of the preceding subsections of this Section shall be applied, first, to reduce outstanding ABR Loans and next, to the extent of any remaining balance, to reduce outstanding Eurodollar Loans. Each such prepayment
shall be applied to prepay ratably the Loans of the Lender.
SECTION 2.11. Fees.

(a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately
agreed upon between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. In the case of any upfront fees collected by the Administrative Agent for the benefit of any other Lender, the same shall be distributed by the Administrative Agent to such other Lender.
Such fees shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances.
SECTION 2.12. Interest.
(a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing shall
bear interest at the lesser of (x) the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate, or (y) the Maximum Rate.
(b)
The Loans comprising each Eurodollar Borrowing shall bear interest at the lesser of (x) the Adjusted LIBO Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate, or (y) the Maximum Rate.


23








(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or
other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the
case of overdue principal of any Loan, the lesser of (x) 2% plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section, or (y) the Maximum Rate, or (ii) in the
case of any other amount, the lesser of (x) 2% plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section, or (y) the Maximum Rate.

(d) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan; provided that
(i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Loan), accrued interest on the principal
amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Eurodollar Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall
be payable on the effective date of such conversion.
(e) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of
360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the
first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate, Adjusted LIBO Rate or LIBO Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

SECTION 2.13. Alternate Rate of Interest. If prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurodollar Borrowing:

(a) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and
reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the LIBO Rate, as applicable, for such Interest Period; or
(b) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (i) the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the LIBO Rate, as applicable, for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the
cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period and (ii) such fact is generally applicable to its loans of this type to similar borrowers, as evidenced by a
certification from such Lenders;
then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone or
telecopy as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the
conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Eurodollar Borrowing shall be ineffective and (ii) if any Borrowing Request requests a Eurodollar Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing;
provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then the other Type of Borrowings shall be permitted.


24








SECTION 2.14. Increased Costs.

(a) If any Change in Law shall:
(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve
requirement reflected in the Adjusted LIBO Rate); or
(ii) impose on any Lender or the London interbank market any other
condition (other than one relating to Excluded Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Eurodollar Loans made by such Lender;
and the result of any
of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining any Eurodollar Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender hereunder
(whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.

(b) If any Lender determines that any Change in Law regarding capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of
return on such Lender’s capital or on the capital of such Lender’s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender’s holding company
could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender’s policies and the policies of such Lender’s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such
Lender, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender’s holding company for any such reduction suffered.
(c) A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or
(b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof.

(d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver
of such Lender’s right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than sixty (60) days prior to
the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender’s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law
giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 60-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.

SECTION 2.15. Break Funding Payments. In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Eurodollar Loan other than on
the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any Eurodollar Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to
borrow,


25









convert, continue or prepay any Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.10(b)) or
(d) the assignment of any Eurodollar Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.18, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate
each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. In the case of a Eurodollar Loan, such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of
(i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at the Adjusted LIBO Rate that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last
day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on such
principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for dollar deposits of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the eurodollar market. A certificate of
any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as
due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.
SECTION 2.16. Taxes.

(a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder shall be made free and clear of and without
deduction for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes; provided that if the Borrower shall be required to deduct any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes from such payments, then (i) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after
making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the Administrative Agent or any Lender (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such
deductions been made, (ii) the Borrower shall make such deductions and (iii) the Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.

(b) In addition, the Borrower shall pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.

(c) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender, within ten (10) days after written demand
therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes paid by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, on or with respect to any payment by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder (including
Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or
Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or
on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
(d) As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified
Taxes or Other Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative


26









Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.
(e) Any Foreign Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or
reduction of withholding tax under the law of the jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located, or any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments under this Agreement shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the
Administrative Agent), at the time or times prescribed by applicable law, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower as will permit such payments to be made without
withholding or at a reduced rate.
SECTION 2.17. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs.

(a) The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest or fees, or of
amounts payable under Section 2.14, 2.15 or 2.16, or otherwise) prior to 12:00 noon, New York, New York time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after
such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent
at its offices at 720 King Street, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. If the Administrative Agent receives
a payment for the account of a Lender prior to 12:00 noon, New York, New York time, such payment must be delivered to the Lender on the same day and if it is not so delivered due to the fault of the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent
shall pay to the Lender entitled to the payment interest thereon for each day after payment should have been received by the Lender pursuant hereto until the Lender receives payment, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate
determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding
Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments hereunder shall be made in Dollars.

(b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal,
interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to
such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal then due to such parties.

(c) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of
or interest on any of its Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such
greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the


27









Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued
interest on their respective Loans; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored
to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any
payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this
paragraph shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the
Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.

(d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the
Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon
such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed
to such Lender with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate
determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.
(e) If any Lender
shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.06(b) or 2.17(d), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter
received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender’s obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid.

(f) If the Administrative Agent or a Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a refund of any Indemnified Taxes or
Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17, it shall pay over such refund to the Borrower (but only to the extent of
indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent
or such Lender and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund); provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay
the amount paid over to the Borrower and without interest on such sums (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such Lender in the event the Administrative Agent or
such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. This Section shall not be


28









construed to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes which it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any
other Person.
SECTION 2.18. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.

(a) Each Lender will notify the Borrower of any event occurring after the date of this Agreement which will entitle such Person to
compensation pursuant to Sections 2.14 and 2.16 as promptly as practicable after it obtains knowledge thereof and determines to request such compensation, provided that such Person shall not be liable for the failure to provide
such notice. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.14, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any such Person or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to
Section 2.16, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to avoid or minimize the amounts payable, including, without limitation, the designation of a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or the
assignment of its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to
Section 2.14 or 2.16, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay
all reasonable and documented costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment.

(b) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.14, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to
any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.16, or if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the
Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an
assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, which
consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to
the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts), and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.14 or payments
required to be made pursuant to Section 2.16, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a
waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.


29








ARTICLE III
Representations and Warranties
The Borrower represents and warrants to
the Lenders and the Administrative Agent that:
SECTION 3.01. Organization; Powers. Each Credit Party is duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the
aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required.

SECTION 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability. The Transactions are within the trust, corporate, partnership or limited liability
company powers (as applicable) of the respective Credit Parties and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership or limited liability company action. This Agreement and the Loan Documents have been duly executed and delivered by
each Credit Party which is a party thereto and constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of each such Person, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws
affecting creditors’ rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.
SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts. The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental
Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (b) will not violate any applicable law or regulation or the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of any Credit Party or any of the
Borrower’s Subsidiaries or any order of any Governmental Authority, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon any Credit Party or any of the Borrower’s Subsidiaries or
its assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by any Credit Party or any of the Borrower’s Subsidiaries, and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of any Credit Party
or any of the Borrower’s Subsidiaries.
SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change.

(a) The Borrower has heretofore furnished to the Lenders financial statements (i) as of and for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2010, reported on by Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent public accountants, and (ii) as of and for the fiscal quarter and the portion of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2011, certified by its chief financial
officer. Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with
GAAP, subject to year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the statements referred to in clause (ii) above.
(b) Since June 30, 2011, there has been no material adverse change in the business, assets, operations, prospects or condition, financial or otherwise, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole.
SECTION 3.05. Properties.
(a) Subject to Liens permitted by Section 6.01, each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its real and personal property material to its
business, except for minor defects in title that do not interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties for their intended purposes.


30








(b) Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed to use, all trademarks,
tradenames, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property material to the Borrower’s business, and the use thereof by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries does not infringe upon the rights of any other Person, except for any such
infringements that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) All components of all improvements included within the Real Property owned or leased, as lessee, by any Credit Party, including,
without limitation, the roofs and structural elements thereof and the heating, ventilation, air conditioning, plumbing, electrical, mechanical, sewer, waste water, storm water, paving and parking equipment, systems and facilities included therein,
are in good working order and repair, subject to such exceptions which are not reasonably likely to have, in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. All water, gas, electrical, steam, compressed air, telecommunication, sanitary and storm sewage
lines and systems and other similar systems serving the Real Property owned or leased by any Credit Party are installed and operating and are sufficient to enable the Real Property to continue to be used and operated in the manner currently being
used and operated, and no Credit Party has any knowledge of any factor or condition that reasonably could be expected to result in the termination or material impairment of the furnishing thereof, subject to such exceptions which are not likely to
have, in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. No improvement or portion thereof is dependent for its access, operation or utility on any land, building or other improvement not included in the Real Property owned or leased by the Borrower or
its Subsidiaries, other than for access provided pursuant to a recorded easement or other right of way establishing the right of such access subject to such exceptions which are not likely to have, in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) All franchises, licenses, authorizations, rights of use, governmental approvals and permits (including all certificates
of occupancy and building permits) required to have been issued by Governmental Authority to enable all Real Property owned or leased by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to be operated as then being operated have been lawfully issued and are in
full force and effect, other than those which the failure to obtain in the aggregate could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Credit Party is in violation of the terms or conditions of any such franchises, licenses,
authorizations, rights of use, governmental approvals and permits, which violation would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(e) None of the Credit Parties has received any notice or has any knowledge, of any pending, threatened or contemplated condemnation proceeding affecting any Real Property owned or leased by Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries or any part thereof, or any proposed termination or impairment of any parking at any such owned or leased Real Property or of any sale or other disposition of any Real Property owned or leased by Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries or any part thereof in lieu of condemnation, which in the aggregate, are reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.


31








(f) Except for events or conditions not reasonably likely to have, in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect, (i) no portion of any Real Property owned or leased by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has suffered any material damage by fire or other casualty loss which has not heretofore been completely repaired and restored
to its condition prior to such casualty, and (ii) no portion of any Real Property owned or leased by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is located in a special flood hazard area as designated by any federal Government Authorities or any area
identified by the insurance industry or other experts acceptable to the Administrative Agent as an area that is a high probable earthquake or seismic area, except as set forth on Schedule 3.05(f).

SECTION 3.06. Intellectual Property. To the knowledge of each Credit Party, such Credit Party owns, or is licensed to use, all
trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property material to its business, and the use thereof by such Credit Party does not infringe upon the rights of any other Person, except for any such infringements that,
individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of each Credit Party, there are no material slogans or other advertising devices, projects, processes, methods, substances,
parts or components, or other material now employed, or now contemplated to be employed, by any Credit Party with respect to the operation of any Real Property, and no claim or litigation regarding any slogan or advertising device, project, process,
method, substance, part or component or other material employed, or now contemplated to be employed by any Credit Party, is pending or threatened, the outcome of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.07. Litigation and Environmental Matters.
(a) There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against or affecting any Credit Party
or any of the Borrower’s Subsidiaries (i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material
Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Matters) or (ii) that involve this Agreement or the Transactions.
(b) Except
for the Disclosed Matters and except with respect to any other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect :

(i) to the knowledge of the Credit Parties, all Real Property leased or owned by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is free from
contamination by any Hazardous Material, except to the extent such contamination could not reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect;
(ii) to the knowledge of the Credit Parties, the operations of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and the operations at the Real Property leased or owned by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries are in
compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws, except to the extent such noncompliance could not reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect;


32








(iii) neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries have known liabilities with respect
to Hazardous Materials and, to the knowledge of each Credit Party, no facts or circumstances exist which could reasonably be expected to give rise to liabilities with respect to Hazardous Materials, in either case, except to the extent such
liabilities could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
(iv) neither the Real Property currently
leased or owned by Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of any Credit Party, (x) any predecessor of any Credit Party, nor (y) any of Credit Parties’ Real Property owned or leased in the past, nor (z) any
owner of Real Property leased or operated by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, are subject to any outstanding written order or contract, with any Governmental Authority or other Person, or to any federal, state, local, foreign or territorial
investigation of which a Credit Party has been given notice respecting (A) Environmental Laws, (B) Remedial Action, or (C) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Material, in each case, except to the extent such written
order, contract or investigation could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
(v) none of the Credit
Parties are subject to any pending legal proceeding alleging the violation of any Environmental Law nor, to the knowledge of each Credit Party, are any such proceedings threatened, in either case, except to the extent any such proceedings could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
(vi) neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the
knowledge of each Credit Party, any predecessor of any Credit Party, nor to the knowledge of each Credit Party, any owner of Real Property leased by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, have filed any notice under federal, state or local,
territorial or foreign law indicating past or present treatment, storage, or disposal of or reporting a Release of Hazardous Material into the environment, in each case, except to the extent such Release of Hazardous Material could not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
(vii) none of the operations of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or, to
the knowledge of each Credit Party, of any owner of premises currently leased by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or of any tenant of premises currently leased from Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, involve or previously involved the
generation, transportation, treatment, storage or disposal of hazardous waste, as defined under 40 C.F.R. Part 261.3 (in effect as of the date of this Agreement) or any state, local, territorial or foreign equivalent, in violation of Environmental
Laws, except to the extent the same could not readily be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and
(viii) to the
knowledge of the Credit Parties, there is not now, nor has there been in the past (except, in all cases, to the extent the existence thereof could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect), on, in or under any Real Property
leased or owned by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their predecessors (A) any underground storage tanks or surface tanks, dikes or impoundments (other than for surface water); (B) any friable asbestos-containing materials;
(C) any polychlorinated biphenyls; or (D) any radioactive substances other than naturally occurring radioactive material.


33








(c) Since the date of this Agreement, there has been no change in the status of the
Disclosed Matters that, individually or in the aggregate, has resulted in, or materially increased the likelihood of, a Material Adverse Effect.
SECTION 3.08. Compliance with Laws and Agreements. Each of the Credit Parties is in compliance with all laws, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property
and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has
occurred and is continuing.
SECTION 3.09. Investment and Holding Company Status. Neither any of the Credit Parties nor
any of the Borrower’s Subsidiaries is (a) an “investment company” as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940 or (b) a “holding company” as defined in, or subject to regulation
under, the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935.
SECTION 3.10. Taxes. Each Credit Party and each of the
Borrower’s Subsidiaries that Borrower Controls has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) Taxes
that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such Person has set aside on its books adequate reserves or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect.
SECTION 3.11. ERISA. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken
together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The present value of all accumulated benefit obligations under each Plan (based on
the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed by more than $10,000,000 the fair market value of the
assets of such Plan, and the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of all underfunded Plans (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most
recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed by more than $10,000,000 the fair market value of the assets of all such underfunded Plans.
SECTION 3.12. Disclosure. The Borrower has disclosed or made available to the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it, any other Credit Party, or any of
its Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or
on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of
fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower
represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.


34








SECTION 3.13. Insurance. Borrower has provided to Administrative Agent an insurance
schedule which accurately sets forth, in all material respects, as of the Effective Date all insurance policies and programs currently in effect with respect to the assets and business of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, specifying for each such
policy and program, (i) the amount thereof, (ii) the risks insured against thereby, (iii) the name of the insurer and each insured party thereunder, (iv) the policy or other identification number thereof and (v) the
expiration date thereof. Such insurance policies and programs (or such other similar policies as are permitted pursuant to Section 5.06) are currently in full force and effect, and, together with payment by the insured of scheduled
deductible payments, are in amounts sufficient to cover the replacement value of the respective assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries.
SECTION 3.14. Margin Regulations. The Borrower is not engaged in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued
by the Board), and no proceeds of any Loan will be used to purchase or carry any margin stock.
SECTION 3.15.
Subsidiaries. As of February 11, 2010, the Borrower has only the Subsidiaries listed on Schedule 3.15 attached hereto. Each of the Borrower’s Subsidiaries that is a corporation other than Weingarten Investments Inc. is a
“qualified REIT subsidiary” under Section 856 of the Code.
ARTICLE IV

Conditions
SECTION 4.01. Effective Date. The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in
accordance with Section 9.02):
(a) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each Credit
Party either (i) a counterpart of this Agreement and all other Loan Documents to which it is party signed on behalf of such party or (ii) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy transmission of
a signed signature page of each such Loan Document other than the Notes) that such party has signed a counterpart of the Loan Documents, together with copies of all Loan Documents.

(b) The Administrative Agent shall have received a favorable written opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and
dated the Effective Date) of Winstead PC, counsel for the Borrower, covering such matters relating to the Credit Parties, the Loan Documents or the Transactions as the Required Lenders shall reasonably request. The Borrower hereby requests such
counsel to deliver such opinion.
(c) The Administrative Agent shall have received such documents and certificates as the
Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of the Credit Parties, the authorization of the Transactions and any other legal matters relating to the Credit Parties, this
Agreement or the Transactions, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel.


35








(d) The Administrative Agent shall have received a Compliance Certificate, dated the date of
this Agreement (but calculated as of, and for the period ending, June 30, 2011) and signed by a Financial Officer of the Borrower, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(e) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated as of the Effective Date, from a Financial Officer of the Borrower
confirming (i) the representations and warranties of each Credit Party set forth in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct on and as of the date of such Borrowing and (ii) at the time of and immediately
after giving effect to such Borrowing, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing.
(f) The Borrower shall have complied
with Section 2.03.
(g) The Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable on
or prior to the Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder.
The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding.

ARTICLE V

Affirmative Covenants
Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the
Lenders that:
SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements; Ratings Change and Other Information. The Borrower will furnish to
the Administrative Agent and each Lender:
(a) within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower,
its audited consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all
reported on by Deloitte & Touche LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized national standing (without a “going concern” or like qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope
of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in
accordance with GAAP consistently applied;
(b) within forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three
fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the
fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the


36









end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by one of its Financial Officers as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower
and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes;

(c) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above, a certificate of a Financial Officer
of the Borrower (the “Compliance Certificate”) in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto;
(d) promptly
after the same become publicly available for Forms 10-K and 10-Q described below, and upon written request for items other than Forms 10-K and 10-Q described below, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed
by the Borrower or any Subsidiary with the Securities and Exchange Commission (including registration statements and reports on Form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K (or their equivalents)), or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions
of said Commission, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by the Borrower to its shareholders generally, as the case may be;
(e) promptly after Moody’s or S&P shall have announced a change in the rating established or deemed to have been established for the Index Debt, written notice of such rating change;

(f) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) above (or earlier if prepared and completed earlier by
the Borrower) a current capital plan of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (based on the Borrower’s good faith estimates and projections) for the next four (4) calendar quarters including projected sources and uses of funds (including
dividend and debt payments); and
(g) promptly following any request therefor, such other information regarding the
operations, business affairs and financial condition of any Credit Party or any Subsidiary of the Borrower, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request.

SECTION 5.02. Financial Tests. The Borrower shall have and maintain, on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP:

(a) a Secured Debt to Total Asset Value Ratio no greater than thirty percent (30%) at all times;

(b) a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.50:1.00 at all times;

(c) a Net Worth of at least Two Billion Four Hundred Million Dollars ($2,400,000,000), plus fifty percent (50%) of the net proceeds
(gross proceeds less reasonable and customary costs of sale and issuance paid to Persons not Affiliates of any Credit Party) received by the Borrower at any time from the issuance of capital stock of the Borrower after the date of this Agreement, at
all times;
(d) an Unencumbered Interest Coverage Ratio of not less than 2.00:1.00 at all times;


37








(e) an Unencumbered Debt Yield of not less than thirteen percent (13%) at all times;
and
(f) a Debt to Total Asset Value Ratio no greater than sixty percent (60%) at all times.

SECTION 5.03. Notices of Material Events. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender written notice of
the following promptly after it becomes aware of same:
(a) the occurrence of any Default;

(b) the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or
affecting any Credit Party or any Affiliate thereof that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
(c) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an
aggregate amount exceeding $10,000,000; and
(d) any other development that results in, or could reasonably be expected to
result in, a Material Adverse Effect.
Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a
Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto.

SECTION 5.04. Existence; Conduct of Business. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries that it Controls to, do
or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of its business; provided that the
foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.02. The Borrower will maintain at least one class of common shares of the Borrower having trading privileges on the New York
Stock Exchange.
SECTION 5.05. Payment of Obligations. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries that
it Controls to, pay its obligations, including Tax liabilities, that, if not paid, could result in a Material Adverse Effect before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) the Borrower or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (c) the failure to make payment pending such contest
could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
SECTION 5.06. Maintenance of Properties;
Insurance. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries that it Controls to, (a) keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and
(b) maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance


38









in such amounts and against such risks as are set forth in the schedule provided pursuant to Section 3.13, or as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar
businesses operating in the same or similar locations.
SECTION 5.07. Books and Records; Inspection Rights.

(a) The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries that it Controls to, keep proper books of record and account in which
full, true and correct entries are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities.
(b) The
Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries that it Controls to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon reasonable prior notice and subject to rights of tenants, to visit and inspect its
properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested.

SECTION 5.08. Compliance with Laws. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries that it Controls to, comply with
all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority (a) applicable to it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect, and (b) required to maintain, and will at all times qualify as and maintain, its status as a real estate investment trust under Section 856(c)(1) of the Code.

SECTION 5.09. Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Loans will be used for general corporate purposes including acquisition,
development and enhancement of Real Property. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for financing, funding or completing the hostile acquisition of publicly traded Persons or for any purpose that entails a
violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations G, U and X.
SECTION 5.10. Fiscal Year.
Borrower shall maintain as its fiscal year the twelve (12)-month period ending on December 31 of each year.
SECTION
5.11. Environmental Matters.
(a) Borrower shall comply and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries that it Controls and
each Real Property owned or leased by such parties to comply in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws currently or hereafter in effect, except to the extent noncompliance could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.
(b) If the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders at any time have a reasonable basis to believe that
there may be a material violation of any Environmental Law related to any Real Property owned or leased by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that it Controls, or Real Property adjacent to such Real Property, which could reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect, then Borrower agrees, upon request from the Administrative Agent, to provide the Administrative Agent, at the Borrower’s expense, with such reports, certificates, engineering studies or other written material or
data as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably require so as to reasonably satisfy the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders that any Credit Party or Real Property owned or leased by them is in material compliance
with all applicable Environmental Laws.


39








(c) Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries that it Controls to, take such
Remedial Action or other action as required by Environmental Law or any Governmental Authority
SECTION 5.12.
Guaranties. Each wholly owned Subsidiary of Borrower now or hereafter in existence that (a) is not a special purpose entity, or formed solely to own an interest in a special purpose entity, formed to own a single asset or group of assets
in a bankruptcy remote manner, and (b) owns material unencumbered assets (as determined by the Administrative Agent), must execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a Guaranty (within forty-five (45) days after the calendar quarter
when the Subsidiary was formed or otherwise acquired for Subsidiaries formed or otherwise acquired after the Effective Date).

SECTION 5.13. Further Assurances. At any time upon the request of the Administrative Agent, Borrower will, promptly and at its
expense, execute, acknowledge and deliver such further documents and perform such other acts and things as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to evidence the Loans made hereunder and interest thereon in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement.
ARTICLE VI
Negative Covenants
Until the Commitments have expired or terminated and
the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that:
SECTION 6.01. Liens. The Borrower will not create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, or assign or sell any income or revenues
(including accounts receivable) or rights in respect of any thereof, except:
(a) Permitted Encumbrances;

(b) any Lien on any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary existing on the date hereof and set forth in
Schedule 6.01; provided that (i) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and (ii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations (whether present or future) set forth in
the governing loan documents, as of the date hereof and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof; and
(c) any Lien securing Indebtedness not prohibited by this Agreement.
SECTION
6.02. Fundamental Changes.
(a) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate
with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with


40









it, or sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries when taken as
a whole, or all or substantially all of the stock of its Subsidiaries when taken as a whole (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired), or liquidate or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect
thereto no Default shall have occurred and be continuing (i) any Person may merge into, or consolidate with, the Borrower in a transaction in which the Borrower is the surviving corporation, (ii) any Person not a Credit Party may merge
into, or consolidate with, any Subsidiary in a transaction in which the surviving entity is a Subsidiary, (iii) any Subsidiary not a Credit Party may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its assets to the Borrower or to another
Subsidiary, (iv) any Subsidiary not a Credit Party may liquidate or dissolve if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the
Lenders, (v) any Subsidiary which is a Credit Party may merge into (or consolidate with) or liquidate or dissolve into, any other Subsidiary which is a Credit Party, and (vi) any Subsidiary which is a Credit Party may sell, transfer, lease
or otherwise dispose of its assets to Borrower or to any other Subsidiary which is a Credit Party; provided that any such merger involving a Person that is not a wholly owned Subsidiary immediately prior to such merger shall not be permitted
unless also permitted by Section 6.03.
(b) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to,
engage to any material extent in any business other than businesses of the type conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the date of execution of this Agreement and businesses reasonably related thereto.

SECTION 6.03. Investments, Loans, Advances and Acquisitions. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries
to, purchase, hold or acquire (including pursuant to any merger with any Person that was not a wholly owned Subsidiary prior to such merger) any capital stock, evidences of indebtedness or other securities (including any option, warrant or other
right to acquire any of the foregoing) of, make or permit to exist any loans or advances to, or make or permit to exist any investment or any other interest in, any other Person, or purchase or otherwise acquire (in one transaction or a series of
transactions) any assets of any other Person constituting a business unit, not including receivables, deposits or prepaid items, except:
(a) Permitted Investments;
(b) investments in the capital stock of new or
existing Subsidiaries and intercompany loans between or among the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries;
(c) investments in
Unconsolidated Affiliates (valued at an amount equal to the Value of each Unconsolidated Affiliate’s Real Property multiplied by the Equity Percentage for that Unconsolidated Affiliate), and in other real estate investment trusts (at market
value);
(d) loans, advances and extensions of credit to Affiliates of the Borrower that are Mortgage Notes or are used to
purchase TIF obligations;
(e) loans, advances and extensions of credit that are not included in clause (d), so long as
the aggregate amount of such investments (exclusive of the intercompany loans described in clause (b) above) does not exceed five percent (5%) of Total Asset Value after giving effect to such investments;


41








(f) undeveloped land;

(g) Retail Property;
(h) Real Property that is being constructed or developed to be Retail Property or Industrial Property, but is not yet completed (including such assets that such Person has contracted to purchase for
development with no option to terminate the purchase agreement);
(i) Real Property not constituting Retail Property or
undeveloped land so long as the aggregate amount of such investments does not exceed fifteen percent (15%) of Total Asset Value after giving effect to such investments;
(j) capital stock, obligations or securities received in settlement of debts (created in the ordinary course of business) owing to the Borrower or any Subsidiary; and

(k) mergers, consolidations and other transactions permitted under Section 6.02, so long as same do not cause the Borrower to
be in violation of any provision of this Section 6.03.
In addition to the foregoing, the aggregate amount or Value (in the
case of (f) and (h)) of the investments described in clauses (c), (d), (e), (f), (h) and (j) above shall not exceed thirty percent (30%) of Total Asset Value after giving
effect to such investments. The loans and investments described above may be purchased or acquired, directly or indirectly, through partnerships, joint ventures, or otherwise. The calculations in this Section will be made without duplication if a
loan or investment is within more than one category described in this Section.
SECTION 6.04. Hedging Agreements. The
Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any Hedging Agreement, other than Hedging Agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business to hedge or mitigate risks to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is
exposed in the conduct of its business or the management of its liabilities.
SECTION 6.05. Transactions with
Affiliates. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other
transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except (a) in the ordinary course of business at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm’s-length basis from
unrelated third parties, and (b) transactions between or among the Borrower and its wholly owned Subsidiaries not involving any other Affiliate.
SECTION 6.06. Restrictive Agreements. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Guarantor to, directly or indirectly, enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement
(including the organizational documents of such Person) that prohibits or restricts (a) the ability of the Borrower or any Guarantor to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon, or sell, transfer or otherwise convey all or any part of,
any of its property or assets, or (b) the ability of any Guarantor to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any shares of its capital stock or to make or repay loans or advances to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary or to



42









Guarantee Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary; provided that (i) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions imposed by law or by this Agreement,
(ii) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions existing as of February 11, 2010, which are to the best of Borrower’s knowledge, identified on Schedule 6.06 (but shall apply to any extension or renewal of, or
any amendment or modification expanding the scope of, any such restriction or condition), (iii) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale or other disposition of a
Subsidiary pending such sale, provided that such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary that is to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, (iv) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to
restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, (v) clause (a) of
the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in leases restricting the assignment thereof, and (vi) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in joint venture and partnership agreements, or other
organizational documents, with Persons other than Borrower or its Affiliates restricting Liens on property owned thereby or on venture or partnership interests.
SECTION 6.07. Government Regulation. The Borrower will not (a) be or become subject at any time to any legal requirement, or list of any government agency (including, without limitation, the
U.S. Office of Foreign Asset Control list) that prohibits or limits the Lenders from making any advance or extension of credit to the Borrower or from otherwise conducting business with the Borrower, or (b) fail to provide documentary and other
evidence of the Borrower’s identity as may be requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender at any time to enable the Administrative Agent or any Lender to verify its identity or to comply with any applicable legal requirement, including,
without limitation, Section 326 of the USA Patriot Act of 2001, 31 U.S.C. Section 5318.
ARTICLE VII

Events of Default
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) shall occur:

(a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date
thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise;
(b) any Credit Party shall fail to pay any interest on any
Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of this Article) payable under any Loan Documents, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of
over three (3) Business Days;
(c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Credit Party
in or in connection with any Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any
amendment or modification hereof or waiver hereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made;


43








(d) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement
contained in Article V or VI other than Sections 5.05, 5.06, 5.07(a), 5.08, and 5.11;
(e) any Credit Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in any Loan Document (other than those specified in clause (a), (b) or
(d) of this Article), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of over thirty (30) days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender);

(f) the principal of any Material Indebtedness is not paid when due, or the interest on any Material Indebtedness is not paid
when due and, in either case, any grace period has expired, or any event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or permits (with or without the giving of notice, the
lapse of time or both) the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof,
prior to its scheduled maturity; provided that this clause (f) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness;

(g) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation,
reorganization or other relief in respect of any Credit Party or any other Subsidiary, other than a Minority Subsidiary, of the Borrower or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy,
insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for any Credit Party or any other Subsidiary, other than a Minority
Subsidiary, of the Borrower or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for sixty (60) days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be
entered;
(h) any Credit Party or any other Subsidiary, other than a Minority Subsidiary, of the Borrower shall
(i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect,
(ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (h) of this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver,
trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for such Person or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding,
(v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing;
(i) any Credit Party shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due;


44








(j) one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of
$10,000,000 shall be rendered against any Credit Party, any other Subsidiary, other than a Minority Subsidiary, of the Borrower or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days
during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of such Person to enforce any such judgment;

(k) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that
have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding (i) $5,000,000 in any year or (ii) $10,000,000 for all periods; or

(l) a Change in Control shall occur;
then, and in every such event (other than an event described in clause (g) or (h) of this Article), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the
Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take some or all of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall
terminate immediately, (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the
principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or
other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower, and (iii) exercise any other rights or remedies provided under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any other right or remedy available by law or equity; and in
case of any event described in clause (g) or (h) of this Article, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other
obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower.

ARTICLE VIII

The Administrative Agent
SECTION 8.01. General. Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent as its agent and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to
exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.
The bank serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the
Administrative Agent, and such bank and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent
hereunder.


45








The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set
forth herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) the
Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in writing
by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.02), and (c) except as expressly set forth herein, the Administrative Agent shall not
have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any Credit Party that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.
The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as
provided in Section 9.02) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default (other than the non-payment of principal of or interest on
Loans) unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or a Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty
or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or in connection herewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants,
agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth
in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent.
The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing
believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur
any liability for relying thereon. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by
it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts reasonably selected.
The Administrative Agent
may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its
rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to
their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent.


46








Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Administrative Agent as provided in
this paragraph, the Administrative Agent may resign at any time by notifying the Lenders and the Borrower. The Required Lenders (without consideration of Administrative Agent’s ownership interest in the Loans) may remove Administrative Agent
immediately at any time it is determined that Administrative Agent has committed gross negligence or willful misconduct in the exercise of its duties hereunder. Upon any such resignation or removal, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with
the approval of Borrower (provided that no Default has occurred and is continuing), which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, to appoint a successor. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have
accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent. Upon the
acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, and the retiring or
removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between
the Borrower and such successor. After the Administrative Agent’s resignation or removal hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.03 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative
Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Administrative Agent.
Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made
its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it
shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.

SECTION 8.02. Defaulting Lender. If for any reason any Lender shall become a Defaulting Lender, then, in addition to the rights
and remedies that may be available to Administrative Agent, the other Lenders, Borrower or any other party at law or in equity, and not as a limitation thereof,
(i) such Defaulting Lender’s right to participate in the administration of, or decision-making rights related to, the Loans, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be suspended during the
pendency of such failure or refusal;
(ii) fees shall cease to accrue on the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to
Section 2.11;
(iii) the Commitment and the Loans of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining
whether all Lenders or the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment or waiver pursuant to Section 9.02);


47









provided that any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender which affects such Defaulting Lender differently than other affected
Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender; and
(iv) any amount payable to such Defaulting Lender hereunder
(whether on account of principal, interest, fees or otherwise) shall, in lieu of being distributed to such Defaulting Lender, and in satisfaction of any such payment obligation, be retained by Administrative Agent in a segregated account and,
subject to any applicable requirements of law, be applied at such time or times as may be determined by Administrative Agent (a) first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to Administrative Agent hereunder,
(b) second, to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by Administrative Agent, (c) third, if so determined by
Administrative Agent and Borrower, held in such account as cash collateral for future funding obligations of the Defaulting Lender under this Agreement, (d) fourth, pro rata, to the payment of any amounts owing to Borrower or the Lenders
as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by Borrower or any Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement, and
(e) fifth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if such payment is a prepayment of the principal amount of any Loans, such payment shall be applied solely to prepay
the Loans of all non-defaulting Lenders pro rata prior to being applied to the prepayment of any Loans of any Defaulting Lender.
A Defaulting
Lender’s rights to participate in Lender decision-making and to fully participate in payments due from Borrower shall be restored only upon the payment by such Defaulting Lender of the amounts as to which it is delinquent, and any damages
suffered by Borrower as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s default hereunder (including, without limitation, interest on any portion of draw requests funded by Borrower with equity at the Base Rate plus three percent (3%) per annum).

The non-defaulting Lenders shall also have the right, but not the obligation, in their respective, sole and absolute discretion, to acquire
for no cash consideration (pro rata, based on the respective Commitments of those Lenders electing to exercise such right), the Defaulting Lender’s Commitment to fund future Loans (the “Future Commitment”). Upon any such
purchase of the Defaulting Lender’s Future Commitment, the Defaulting Lender’s share in future Loans and its rights under the Loan Documents with respect thereto shall terminate on the date of purchase, and the Defaulting Lender shall
promptly execute all documents reasonably requested to surrender and transfer such interest. Each Defaulting Lender shall indemnify Administrative Agent and each non-defaulting Lender from and against any and all loss, damage or expenses, including,
but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees and funds advanced by Administrative Agent or by any non-defaulting Lender, on account of a Defaulting Lender’s failure to timely perform its obligations under the Loan Documents.


48








ARTICLE IX
Miscellaneous
SECTION 9.01. Notices. Except in the case of notices
and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone, all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail
or sent by telecopy, as follows:
(a) if to the Borrower, to it at 2600 Citadel Plaza Drive, P. O. Box 924111, Houston, Texas
77292, Attention: Steve Richter (Telecopy No. 713/866-6072); with a copy to Weingarten Realty Investors, 2600 Citadel Plaza Drive, P. O. Box 924111, Houston, Texas 77292, Attention: Linda Kubena (Telecopy No. 713/880-6107); with a copy to
Winstead PC, 600 Travis Street, Suite 1100, Houston, Texas 77002, Attention: Vincent Marino (Telecopy No. 713/650-2400);
(b) if to the Administrative Agent, to The Bank of Nova Scotia, 650 West Georgia Street, 18th Floor, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V6B 4N7 Attention: Arjun Talwalkar (Telecopy No 604/661-1474); with a copy
to Mayer Brown LLP, 1675 Broadway, New York, NY 10019 Attention: Brian Newhouse; and
(c) if to any other Lender, to it at its
address (or telecopy number) set forth on the signature pages of this Agreement, or as provided to Borrower in writing by the Administrative Agent or the Lender.
Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. All notices and other communications given to any party
hereto in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given (i) if given by telecopy, when such telecopy is transmitted to the telecopy number specified in this Section and the appropriate confirmation is
received (or if such day is not a Business Day, on the next Business Day); (ii) if given by mail (return receipt requested), on the earlier of receipt or three (3) Business Days after such communication is deposited in the mail with first
class postage prepaid, addressed as aforesaid; or (iii) if given by any other means, when delivered at the address specified in this Section; provided that notices to the Administrative Agent under Article II shall not be
effective until received.
SECTION 9.02. Waivers; Amendments.

(a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan
Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the
exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder and under any other Loan Document are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No
waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be
effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent or
any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time.


49








(b) Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified
except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall
(i) increase the aggregate Commitments without the written consent of each Lender or increase the Commitment of any Lender without such Lender’s consent, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or reduce the rate of interest
thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, (iii) postpone or extend the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable
hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone or extend the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, (iv) change Section 2.17(b)
or (c) in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender, (v) change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of “Required Lenders” or
any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender, or
(vi) except for a release by the Administrative Agent of a Guarantor whose Guaranty is no longer required pursuant to Section 5.12, release any Credit Party from its obligations under the Loan Documents, without the written consent
of each Lender; provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent.

(c) The provisions in Sections 5.01 through 5.13, Sections 6.01 through 6.07 and subsections
(b) through (l) of Article VII of this Agreement, as well as the definition of “Applicable Rate” (the language contained therein other than with respect to the actual spreads), contain essentially the same
provisions with respect to the Borrower as those contained in Sections 5.01 through 5.13, Sections 6.01 through 6.07 and subsections (b) through (l) of Article VII of the Existing Credit
Agreement and in such definitions in the Existing Credit Agreement (the “Incorporated Provisions”). In the event that the Borrower or the Administrative Agent under the Existing Credit Agreement propose to modify, waive or restate,
or request a consent or approval with respect to, the Incorporated Provisions (and related definitions) (other than a change limited to the ABR Spread or the Eurodollar Spread) of the Existing Credit Agreement in writing (which may include a written
waiver of an existing actual or potential Default or Event of Default that is intended to be eliminated by such modification, restatement or waiver) (individually, a “Covenant Modification”), then simultaneously with the agreement
to or granting of such Covenant Modification under the Existing Credit Agreement, this Agreement shall be deemed modified or restated, or waiver, consent or approval granted, in a manner consistent with the Covenant Modifications under the Existing
Credit Agreement; provided, however, that nothing herein shall be deemed to make, or obligate the parties to make, any modification of the values set forth in the tables contained in the definition of “Applicable Rate” as a
result of a Covenant Modification or otherwise. If requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall execute and deliver a written amendment to, restatement of, or waiver, consent or
approval under, this Agreement memorializing such modification, restatement, waiver, consent or approval. In addition, the Borrower will be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders the same proportionate fee as the Borrower shall
pay to the agents and the lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement in connection with such modification, restatement, waiver, consent or approval except in the case where such Covenant Modification occurs in conjunction with the refinancing of
the Existing Credit Agreement.


50








SECTION 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver.

(a) The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates,
including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent, in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of this Agreement or any
amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated); provided, however, that unless requested by the Borrower, the Borrower shall not be
required to pay the expenses associated with assignments or participations from Lenders after the Effective Date in accordance with Section 9.04 and (ii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender,
including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement, including its rights under this Section, or in
connection with the Loans made hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans.
(b) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an “Indemnitee”) against,
and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising
out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or the
consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or the use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or
operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any
of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses,
claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee. THE FOREGOING INDEMNITY INDEMNIFIES EACH INDEMNITEE FROM ITS OWN NEGLIGENCE.

(c) To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent under paragraph
(a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is
sought) of such unpaid amount; provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such.



51








(d) To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower shall not assert, and hereby
waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any
agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions or any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof.
(e) All amounts
due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten days after written demand therefor.
SECTION 9.04. Successors
and Assigns.
(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto
and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that (i) the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted
assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void), and (ii) a Lender may not assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement,
expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
(b)
(i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans
at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) of:
(A) the Borrower,
provided that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee; and

(B) the Administrative Agent, provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment to a
Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund. The Administrative Agent will provide written notice of consent or denial within ten (10) days Business Days after its receipt of a written request for assignment.

(ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions:

(A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, or an Approved Fund, or an assignment of the entire
remaining amount of the assigning Lender’s Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such
assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing;


52








(B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all
the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement;
(C) the parties to each assignment shall execute
and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500; and
(D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.
(iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee
thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the
interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement,
such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 9.03). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement
that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section.

(iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in
Toronto, Ontario, Canada a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant
to the terms hereof from time to time (the “Register”). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register
pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to
time upon reasonable prior notice.
(v) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an
assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee’s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section
and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall
be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph.
(c)
(i) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a “Participant”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and obligations under
this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans owing to it); provided that (A) such Lender’s


53









obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (C) the
Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a
Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or
instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. Subject to
paragraph (c)(ii) of this Section, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.14, 2.15 and 2.16 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by
assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject
to Section 2.17(c) as though it were a Lender.
(ii) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater
payment under Section 2.14 or 2.16 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with
the Borrower’s prior written consent. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.16 unless the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such
Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with Section 2.16(e) as though it were a Lender.
(d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to
secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent and that no such pledge or assignment
of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.
SECTION 9.05. Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower herein and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant
to this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of any Loans, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on
its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and
effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections
2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or
termination of the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof.


54








SECTION 9.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be
executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and any separate letter
agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to
the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof
which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart
of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.
SECTION 9.07. Severability. Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such
invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision
in any other jurisdiction.
SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final)
at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any of and all the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement held by
such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such obligations may be unmatured. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrower after any such setoff and application made by
such Lender, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. The rights of each Lender under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff)
which such Lender may have.
SECTION 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process.

(a) This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of Texas.

(b) The Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the
district courts of Harris County, Texas and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of Texas (Houston Division), and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement,
or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such State or, to the extent
permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the



55









judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding
relating to this Agreement against the Borrower or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.
(c) The Borrower hereby
irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this
Agreement in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or
proceeding in any such court.
(d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner
provided for notices in Section 9.01. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THE BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE LENDERS HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE RIGHT TO
TRIAL BY JURY IS A CONSTITUTIONAL ONE, BUT THAT IT MAY BE WAIVED. EACH OF THEM, AFTER CONSULTING OR HAVING HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT, WITH COUNSEL OF THEIR CHOICE, KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT ANY OF THEM MAY HAVE
TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION (WHETHER BASED UPON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) BETWEEN OR AMONG THEM ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY COURSE OF
CONDUCT, DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN), OR ACTION OF ANY OF THEM. THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO LENDERS TO PROVIDE THE FINANCING DESCRIBED HEREIN OR IN THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS.

SECTION 9.11. Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only,
are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.
SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be
disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates’ directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the
confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority, (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or
similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder,
(f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this



56









Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and it obligations, (g) with the consent of the
Borrower or (h) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a
source other than the Borrower. For the purposes of this Section, “Information” means all information received from any Credit Party relating to the Credit Party or its business, other than any such information that is available to the
Administrative Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by any Credit Party; provided that, in the case of information received from any Credit Party after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time
of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to
maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.
SECTION
9.13. Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable
law (collectively, the “Charges”), shall exceed the maximum which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law (the “Maximum Rate”),
the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been paid in respect of
such Loan but were not payable as result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until
such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. If, for any reason whatsoever, the Charges paid or received on the Loans produces a rate
which exceeds the Maximum Rate, the Lenders shall credit against the principal of the Loans (or, if such indebtedness shall have been paid in full, shall refund to the payor of such Charges) such portion of said Charges as shall be necessary to
cause the interest paid on the Loans to produce a rate equal to the Maximum Rate. All sums paid or agreed to be paid to the holders of the Loans for the use, forbearance or detention of the Loans shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be
amortized, prorated, allocated and spread in equal parts throughout the full term of this Agreement, so that the interest rate is uniform throughout the full term of this Agreement. The provisions of this Section shall control all agreements,
whether now or hereafter existing and whether written or oral, between the parties hereto. On each day, if any, that Texas law establishes the Maximum Rate, the Maximum Rate shall be the “weekly ceiling” (as defined in Chapter 303 of the
Texas Finance Code (the “Texas Finance Code”) as amended) for that day. The Administrative Agent may from time to time, as to current and future balances, implement any other ceiling under the Texas Finance Code by notice to the
Borrower, if and to the extent permitted by the Texas Finance Code. Without notice to the Borrower or any other person or entity, the Maximum Rate shall automatically fluctuate upward and downward as and in the amount by which such maximum
nonusurious rate of interest permitted by applicable law fluctuates.


57








SECTION 9.14. Liability of Holders. With respect to the incurrence of certain
liabilities hereunder and the making of certain agreements by the Borrower as herein stated, such incurrence of liabilities and such agreements shall be binding upon the Borrower only as a trust formed under the Texas Real Estate Investment Trust
Act pursuant to that certain Restated Declaration of Trust dated March 23, 1988 (as amended from time to time), and only upon the assets of such Borrower. No Trust Manager or officer or holder of any beneficial interest in the Borrower shall
have any personal liability for the payment of any indebtedness or other liabilities incurred by the Borrower hereunder or for the performance of any agreements made by the Borrower hereunder, nor for any other act, omission or obligation incurred
by the Borrower or the Trust Managers except, in the case of a Trust Manager, any liability arising from his own willful misfeasance or malfeasance or gross negligence.
SECTION 9.15. USA PATRIOT ACT NOTIFICATION. The Administrative Agent hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of Section 326 of the USA Patriot Act of 2001 31 U.S.C.
Section 5318 (the “Act”), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Act.


58








IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by
their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.



WEINGARTEN REALTY INVESTORS

By:	 	 /s/ Stephen C. Richter

Name:  Stephen C. Richter
Title:    Executive VP/CFO


Signature page to Credit Agreement with Weingarten Realty Investors


1









THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA,
as Administrative Agent and as Lender,

By:	 	 /s/ Diane Emanuel

Name:  Diane Emanuel
Title:    Managing Director


Signature page to Credit Agreement with Weingarten Realty Investors


2









PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Lender

By:	 	 /s/ Michael J. Catalano

Name:  Michael J. Catalano
Title:    Vice President






Address:	  	PNC Real Estate
One PNC Plaza, 249 Fifth Ave.
P1-POPP-19-1
Pittsburgh, PA 15222


Signature page to Credit Agreement with Weingarten Realty Investors


3









SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING
CORPORATION,

as Lender

By:	 	 /s/ Yuji Kozawa

Name: Yuji Kozawa
Title: Senior Vice President






Address:	  	277 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10172


Signature page to Credit Agreement with Weingarten Realty Investors


4









U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Lender

By:	 	 /s/ Gregory N. Kaye

Name: Gregory N. Kaye
Title: Senior Vice President

Address:


Signature page to Credit Agreement with Weingarten Realty Investors


5









COMPASS BANK,
as Lender

By:	 	 /s/ Brian Tuerff

Name:  Brian Tuerff
Title:    Senior Vice President






Address:	  	 1703 W.
5th Street, Suite. 500


Austin, Texas, 78703





F-1



