









Exhibit 10.1


CREDIT AGREEMENT


THIS CREDIT AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is entered into as of December 29,
2009, by and between ENGlobal Corporation, a Nevada corporation ("Borrower"),
and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("Bank").



RECITALS



Borrower has requested that Bank extend or continue credit to Borrower as
described below, and Bank has agreed to provide such credit to Borrower on the
terms and conditions contained herein.



NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, Bank and Borrower hereby agree as follows:



ARTICLE I

CREDIT TERMS



SECTION 1.1. LINE OF CREDIT.



(a) Line of Credit. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank
hereby agrees to make advances to Borrower from time to time up to and including
April 30, 2012, not to exceed at any time the aggregate principal amount of
Twenty Five Million Dollars ($25,000,000.00) ("Line of Credit"), the proceeds of
which shall be used for Borrower's working capital requirements. Borrower's
obligation to repay advances under the Line of Credit shall be evidenced by a
promissory note dated as of December 29, 2009 ("Line of Credit Note"), all terms
of which are incorporated herein by this reference.



(b) Letter of Credit Subfeature. As a subfeature under the Line of Credit, Bank
agrees from time to time during the term thereof to issue or cause an affiliate
to issue Standby letters of credit for the account of Borrower (each, a "Letter
of Credit" and collectively, "Letters of Credit"); provided however, that the
aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit shall not at any
time exceed Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000.00). The form and substance of each
Letter of Credit shall be subject to approval by Bank, in its sole discretion.
No Letter of Credit shall have an expiration date beyond the maturity date of
the Line of Credit. The undrawn amount of all Letters of Credit shall be
reserved under the Line of Credit and shall not be available for borrowings
thereunder. Each Letter of Credit shall be subject to the additional terms and
conditions of the Letter of Credit agreements, applications and any related
documents required by Bank in connection with the issuance thereof. Each drawing
paid under a Letter of Credit shall be deemed an advance under the Line of
Credit and shall be repaid by Borrower in accordance with the terms and
conditions of this Agreement applicable to such advances; provided however, that
if advances under the Line of Credit are not available, for any reason, at the
time any drawing is paid, then Borrower shall immediately pay to Bank the full
amount drawn, together with interest thereon from the date such drawing is paid
to the date such amount is fully repaid by Borrower, at the rate of interest
applicable to advances under the Line of Credit. In such event Borrower agrees
that Bank, in its sole discretion, may debit any account maintained by Borrower
with Bank for the amount of any such drawing.



(c) Borrowing and Repayment. Borrower may from time to time during the term of
the Line of Credit borrow, partially or wholly repay its outstanding borrowings,
and reborrow, subject to all of the limitations, terms and conditions contained
herein or in the Line of Credit Note;

<PAGE>

provided however, that the total outstanding borrowings under the Line of Credit
shall not at any time exceed the maximum principal amount available thereunder,
as set forth above.



SECTION 1.2. INTEREST/FEES.



(a) Interest. The outstanding principal balance of each credit subject hereto
shall bear interest, and the amount of each drawing paid under any Letter of
Credit shall bear interest from the date such drawing is paid to the date such
amount is fully repaid by Borrower, at the rate of interest set forth in each
promissory note or other instrument or document executed in connection
therewith.



(b) Computation and Payment. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a
360-day year, actual days elapsed, unless such calculation would result in a
usurious rate, in which case interest shall be computed on the basis of a
365/366-day year, as the case may be, actual days elapsed. Interest shall be
payable at the times and place set forth in each promissory note or other
instrument or document required hereby.



(c) Unused Commitment Fee. Borrower shall pay to Bank a fee equal to thirty
hundredths of one percent (.30%) per annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day
year, actual days elapsed) on the average daily unused amount of the Line of
Credit, which fee shall be calculated on a quarterly basis by Bank and shall be
due and payable by Borrower in arrears within ten (10) days after each billing
is sent by Bank.



(d) Letter of Credit Fees. Borrower shall pay to Bank fees upon the issuance of
each Letter of Credit, upon the payment or negotiation of each drawing under any
Letter of Credit and upon the occurrence of any other activity with respect to
any Letter of Credit (including without limitation, the transfer, amendment or
cancellation of any Letter of Credit) determined in accordance with Bank's
standard fees and charges then in effect for such activity.



SECTION 1.3. COLLECTION OF PAYMENTS. Borrower authorizes Bank to collect all
principal, interest and fees due under each credit subject hereto by charging
Borrower's deposit account number 4122005671 with Bank, or any other deposit
account maintained by Borrower with Bank, for the full amount thereof. Should
there be insufficient funds in any such deposit account to pay all such sums
when due, the full amount of such deficiency shall be immediately due and
payable by Borrower.



SECTION 1.4. COLLATERAL.



As security for all indebtedness and other obligations of Borrower to Bank
subject hereto, Borrower hereby grants to Bank security interests of first
priority in all Borrower's accounts receivable and other rights to payment,
general intangibles, inventory and equipment.



All of the foregoing shall be evidenced by and subject to the terms of such
security agreements, financing statements, deeds or mortgages, and other
documents as Bank shall reasonably require, all in form and substance
satisfactory to Bank. Borrower shall pay to Bank immediately upon demand the
full amount of all charges, costs and expenses (to include fees paid to third
parties and all allocated costs of Bank personnel), expended or incurred by Bank
in connection with any of the foregoing security, including without limitation,
filing and recording fees and costs of appraisals, audits and title insurance.

<PAGE>

SECTION 1.5. GUARANTIES. The payment and performance of all indebtedness and
other obligations of Borrower to Bank shall be guaranteed jointly and severally
by ENGlobal Land, Inc., a Colorado corporation, ENGlobal Technical Services,
Inc. a Texas corporation, ENGlobal Construction Resources, Inc. a Texas
corporation, ENGlobal Automation Group, Inc. a Texas corporation, ENGlobal
Corporate Services, Inc. a Texas corporation, ENGlobal Engineering, Inc. a Texas
corporation, and ENGlobal Systems, Inc, a Texas corporation, as evidenced by and
subject to the terms of guaranties in form and substance satisfactory to Bank.



ARTICLE II

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES



Borrower makes the following representations and warranties to Bank, which
representations and warranties shall survive the execution of this Agreement and
shall continue in full force and effect until the full and final payment, and
satisfaction and discharge, of all obligations of Borrower to Bank subject to
this Agreement.



SECTION 2.1. LEGAL STATUS. Borrower is a corporation, duly organized and
existing and in good standing under the laws of Nevada, and is qualified or
licensed to do business (and is in good standing as a foreign corporation, if
applicable) in all jurisdictions in which such qualification or licensing is
required or in which the failure to so qualify or to be so licensed could have a
material adverse effect on Borrower.



SECTION 2.2. AUTHORIZATION AND VALIDITY. This Agreement and each promissory
note, contract, instrument and other document required hereby or at any time
hereafter delivered to Bank in connection herewith (collectively, the "Loan
Documents") have been duly authorized, and upon their execution and delivery in
accordance with the provisions hereof will constitute legal, valid and binding
agreements and obligations of Borrower or the party which executes the same,
enforceable in accordance with their respective terms.



SECTION 2.3. NO VIOLATION. The execution, delivery and performance by Borrower
of each of the Loan Documents do not violate any provision of any law or
regulation, or contravene any provision of the Articles of Incorporation or
By-Laws or result in any breach of or default under any contract, obligation,
indenture or other instrument to which Borrower is a party or by which Borrower
may be bound.



SECTION 2.4. LITIGATION. There are no pending, or to the best of Borrower's
knowledge threatened, actions, claims, investigations, suits or proceedings by
or before any governmental authority, arbitrator, court or administrative agency
which could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or
operation of Borrower other than those disclosed by Borrower to Bank in writing
prior to the date hereof.



SECTION 2.5. CORRECTNESS OF FINANCIAL STATEMENT. The annual financial statement
of Borrower dated _______________, and all interim financial statements
delivered to Bank since said date, true copies of which have been delivered by
Borrower to Bank prior to the date hereof, (a) are complete and correct and
present fairly the financial condition of Borrower, (b) disclose all liabilities
of Borrower that are required to be reflected or reserved against under
generally accepted accounting principles, whether liquidated or unliquidated,
fixed or contingent, and (c) have been prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles consistently applied. Since the dates of such
financial statements there has been no material adverse change in the financial
condition of Borrower, nor has Borrower mortgaged,

<PAGE>

pledged, granted a security interest in or otherwise encumbered any of its
assets or properties except in favor of Bank or as otherwise permitted by Bank
in writing.



SECTION 2.6. INCOME TAX RETURNS. Borrower has no knowledge of any pending
assessments or adjustments of its income tax payable with respect to any year.



SECTION 2.7. NO SUBORDINATION. There is no agreement, indenture, contract or
instrument to which Borrower is a party or by which Borrower may be bound that
requires the subordination in right of payment of any of Borrower's obligations
subject to this Agreement to any other obligation of Borrower.



SECTION 2.8. PERMITS, FRANCHISES. Borrower possesses, and will hereafter
possess, all permits, consents, approvals, franchises and licenses required and
rights to all trademarks, trade names, patents, and fictitious names, if any,
necessary to enable it to conduct the business in which it is now engaged in
compliance with applicable law.



SECTION 2.9. ERISA. Borrower is in compliance in all material respects with all
applicable provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended or recodified from time to time ("ERISA"); Borrower has not violated any
provision of any defined employee pension benefit plan (as defined in ERISA)
maintained or contributed to by Borrower (each, a "Plan"); no Reportable Event
as defined in ERISA has occurred and is continuing with respect to any Plan
initiated by Borrower; Borrower has met its minimum funding requirements under
ERISA with respect to each Plan; and each Plan will be able to fulfill its
benefit obligations as they come due in accordance with the Plan documents and
under generally accepted accounting principles.



SECTION 2.10. OTHER OBLIGATIONS. Borrower is not in default on any obligation
for borrowed money, any purchase money obligation or any other material lease,
commitment, contract, instrument or obligation.



SECTION 2.11. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS. Except as disclosed by Borrower to Bank in
writing prior to the date hereof, Borrower is in compliance in all material
respects with all applicable federal or state environmental, hazardous waste,
health and safety statutes, and any rules or regulations adopted pursuant
thereto, which govern or affect any of Borrower's operations and/or properties,
including without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, the Superfund Amendments and
Reauthorization Act of 1986, the Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act
of 1976, and the Federal Toxic Substances Control Act, as any of the same may be
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. None of the operations of
Borrower is the subject of any federal or state investigation evaluating whether
any remedial action involving a material expenditure is needed to respond to a
release of any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the environment.
Borrower has no material contingent liability in connection with any release of
any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the environment.



ARTICLE III

CONDITIONS



SECTION 3.1. CONDITIONS OF INITIAL EXTENSION OF CREDIT. The obligation of Bank
to extend any credit contemplated by this Agreement is subject to the
fulfillment to Bank's satisfaction of all of the following conditions:

<PAGE>

(a) Approval of Bank Counsel. All legal matters incidental to the extension of
credit by Bank shall be satisfactory to Bank's counsel.



(b) Documentation. Bank shall have received, in form and substance satisfactory
to Bank, each of the following, duly executed:



(i) This Agreement and each promissory note or other instrument or document
required hereby.

(ii) Billing Invoice.

(iii) Certificate of Incumbency (8).

(iv) Corporate Resolution: Continuing Guaranty (7).

(v) Corporate Resolution: Borrowing.

(vi) Disbursement Order.

(vii) UCC Financing Statement/Exhibit A.


(viii) Continuing Security Agreement: Rights to Payment & Inventory.


(ix) Continuing Security Agreement: Equipment.


(x) Continuing Guaranty from each Guarantor listed in Section 1.5 hereof.


(xi) Agreement and Acknowledgment of Security Interest.




(xi) Such other documents as Bank may require under any other Section of this
Agreement.



(c) Financial Condition. There shall have been no material adverse change, as
determined by Bank, in the financial condition or business of Borrower or any
guarantor hereunder, nor any material decline, as determined by Bank, in the
market value of any collateral required hereunder or a substantial or material
portion of the assets of Borrower or any such guarantor.



(d) Insurance. Borrower shall have delivered to Bank evidence of insurance
coverage on all Borrower's property, in form, substance, amounts, covering risks
and issued by companies satisfactory to Bank, and where required by Bank, with
loss payable endorsements in favor of Bank.



SECTION 3.2. CONDITIONS OF EACH EXTENSION OF CREDIT. The obligation of Bank to
make each extension of credit requested by Borrower hereunder shall be subject
to the fulfillment to Bank's satisfaction of each of the following conditions:



(a) Compliance. The representations and warranties contained herein and in each
of the other Loan Documents shall be true on and as of the date of the signing
of this Agreement and on the date of each extension of credit by Bank pursuant
hereto, with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had
been made on and as of each such date, and on each such date, no Event of
Default as defined herein, and no condition, event or act which with the giving
of notice or the passage of time or both would constitute such an Event of
Default, shall have occurred and be continuing or shall exist.



(b) Documentation. Bank shall have received all additional documents which may
be required in connection with such extension of credit.



(c) Additional Letter of Credit Documentation. Prior to the issuance of each
Letter of Credit, Bank shall have received a Letter of Credit Agreement,
properly completed and duly executed by Borrower.

<PAGE>

ARTICLE IV

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS



Borrower covenants that so long as Bank remains committed to extend credit to
Borrower pursuant hereto, or any liabilities (whether direct or contingent,
liquidated or unliquidated) of Borrower to Bank under any of the Loan Documents
remain outstanding, and until payment in full of all obligations of Borrower
subject hereto, Borrower shall, unless Bank otherwise consents in writing:



SECTION 4.1. PUNCTUAL PAYMENTS. Punctually pay all principal, interest, fees or
other liabilities due under any of the Loan Documents at the times and place and
in the manner specified therein.



SECTION 4.2. ACCOUNTING RECORDS. Maintain adequate books and records in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied,
and permit any representative of Bank, at any reasonable time, to inspect, audit
and examine such books and records, to make copies of the same, and to inspect
the properties of Borrower.



SECTION 4.3. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Provide to Bank all of the following, in form
and detail satisfactory to Bank:



(a) not later than 90 days after and as of the end of each fiscal year form 10K
as filed with S.E.C.



(b) not later than 45 days after and as of the end of each quarter form 10Q as
filed with S.E.C.



(c) Borrower will provide on a quarterly basis a certificate of compliance
signed by Senior Financial Officer showing compliance with all financial
covenants. Within 30 days of the end of each fiscal year end a financial
projection for at least the next fiscal year consisting of income statement,
balance sheet, and cash flow statement broken down by quarter.



(d) from time to time such other information as Bank may reasonably request.



SECTION 4.4. COMPLIANCE. Preserve and maintain all licenses, permits,
governmental approvals, rights, privileges and franchises necessary for the
conduct of its business; and comply with the provisions of all documents
pursuant to which Borrower is organized and/or which govern Borrower's continued
existence and with the requirements of all laws, rules, regulations and orders
of any governmental authority applicable to Borrower and/or its business.



SECTION 4.5. INSURANCE. Maintain and keep in force, for each business in which
Borrower is engaged, insurance of the types and in amounts customarily carried
in similar lines of business, including but not limited to fire, extended
coverage, public liability, flood, property damage and workers' compensation,
with all such insurance carried with companies and in amounts satisfactory to
Bank, and deliver to Bank from time to time at Bank's request schedules setting
forth all insurance then in effect.



SECTION 4.6. FACILITIES. Keep all properties useful or necessary to Borrower's
business in good repair and condition, and from time to time make necessary
repairs, renewals

<PAGE>

and replacements thereto so that such properties shall be fully and efficiently
preserved and maintained.



SECTION 4.7. TAXES AND OTHER LIABILITIES. Pay and discharge when due any and all
indebtedness, obligations, assessments and taxes, both real or personal,
including without limitation federal and state income taxes and state and local
property taxes and assessments, except (a) such as Borrower may in good faith
contest or as to which a bona fide dispute may arise, and (b) for which Borrower
has made provision, to Bank's satisfaction, for eventual payment thereof in the
event Borrower is obligated to make such payment.



SECTION 4.8. LITIGATION. Promptly give notice in writing to Bank of any
litigation pending or threatened against Borrower with a claim in excess of
$150,000.00.



SECTION 4.9. FINANCIAL CONDITION. Maintain Borrower's financial condition as
follows using generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied and
used consistently with prior practices (except to the extent modified by the
definitions herein).



(a) Total Liabilities divided by Tangible Net Worth not greater than 2.25 to 1.0
at each quarter end, with "Total Liabilities" defined as the aggregate of
current liabilities and non-current liabilities, and with "Tangible Net Worth"
defined as the aggregate of total stockholders' equity less any intangible
assets and less any loans or advances to, or investments in, any related
entities or individuals.



(b) Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio not less than 1.75 to 1.0 as of each quarter
end, determined on a rolling 4-quarter basis, with "Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio"
defined as (EBITDA minus cash taxes, divided by interest expense, plus the
current maturity of long term debt, where EBITDA is net income, plus interest
expense, plus income taxes, plus depreciation and amortization, plus 123R Stock
compensation expense). EBITDA will exclude any non-cash charges related to the
Southern Louisiana Ethanol lawsuit. Current maturity of long term debt includes
both the current portion of long term debt and short term loans (loan with
tenors of 12 months or less, not including revolver.



(c) Asset Coverage Ratio not less than 2.00 to 1.00 measured on a quarterly
basis with "Asset Coverage Ratio" defined as accounts receivable divided by
revolver balance.



SECTION 4.10. NOTICE TO BANK. Promptly (but in no event more than five (5) days
after the occurrence of each such event or matter) give written notice to Bank
in reasonable detail of: (a) the occurrence of any Event of Default, or any
condition, event or act which with the giving of notice or the passage of time
or both would constitute an Event of Default; (b) any change in the name or the
organizational structure of Borrower; (c) the occurrence and nature of any
Reportable Event or Prohibited Transaction, each as defined in ERISA, or any
funding deficiency with respect to any Plan; or (d) any termination or
cancellation of any insurance policy which Borrower is required to maintain, or
any uninsured or partially uninsured loss through liability or property damage,
or through fire, theft or any other cause affecting Borrower's property.



ARTICLE V

NEGATIVE COVENANTS



Borrower further covenants that so long as Bank remains committed to extend
credit to Borrower pursuant hereto, or any liabilities (whether direct or
contingent, liquidated or

<PAGE>

unliquidated) of Borrower to Bank under any of the Loan Documents remain
outstanding, and until payment in full of all obligations of Borrower subject
hereto, Borrower will not without Bank's prior written consent:



SECTION 5.1. USE OF FUNDS. Use any of the proceeds of any credit extended
hereunder except for the purposes stated in Article I hereof.



SECTION 5.2. CAPITAL EXPENDITURES. Make any additional investment in fixed
assets in any fiscal year in excess of an aggregate of $3,500,000.00.



SECTION 5.3. OTHER INDEBTEDNESS. Create, incur, assume or permit to exist any
indebtedness or liabilities resulting from borrowings, loans or advances,
whether secured or unsecured, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated,
joint or several, except (a) the liabilities of Borrower to Bank, and (b) any
other liabilities of Borrower existing as of, and disclosed to Bank prior to,
the date hereof.



SECTION 5.4. MERGER, CONSOLIDATION, TRANSFER OF ASSETS. Merge into or
consolidate with any other entity; make any substantial change in the nature of
Borrower's business as conducted as of the date hereof; acquire all or
substantially all of the assets or equity of any other entity in excess of
$10,000,000.00 cash consideration per year; nor sell, lease, transfer or
otherwise dispose of all or a substantial or material portion of Borrower's
assets except in the ordinary course of its business.



SECTION 5.5. GUARANTIES. Guarantee or become liable in any way as surety,
endorser (other than as endorser of negotiable instruments for deposit or
collection in the ordinary course of business), accommodation endorser or
otherwise for, nor pledge or hypothecate any assets of Borrower as security for,
any liabilities or obligations of any other person or entity, except (a) any of
the foregoing in favor of Bank and (b) surety bonds up to $30,000,000.00
outstanding at any time.



SECTION 5.6. LOANS, ADVANCES, INVESTMENTS. Make any loans or advances to or
investments in any person or entity, except (a) loans to wholly-owned
subsidiaries of Borrower for working capital purposes, and (b) any of the
foregoing existing as of, and disclosed to Bank prior to, the date hereof.



SECTION 5.7 DIVIDENDS, DISTRIBUTIONS. Declare or pay any dividend or
distribution either in cash, stock or any other property on Borrower's stock now
or hereafter outstanding, nor redeem, retire, repurchase not to exceed the
amount of $2,500,000.00 per year or otherwise acquire any shares of any class of
Borrower's stock now or hereafter outstanding.



SECTION 5.8. PLEDGE OF ASSETS. Mortgage, pledge, grant or permit to exist a
security interest in, or lien upon, all or any portion of Borrower's assets now
owned or hereafter acquired, except (a) liens for taxes being contested in good
faith and not to exceed at any time $500,000 in the aggregate, and (b) any of
the foregoing in favor of Bank or that is existing as of, and disclosed to Bank
in writing prior to, the date hereof.

<PAGE>

ARTICLE VI

EVENTS OF DEFAULT



SECTION 6.1. The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an "Event
of Default" under this Agreement:



(a) Borrower shall fail to pay when due any principal, interest, fees or other
amounts payable under any of the Loan Documents.



(b) Any financial statement or certificate furnished to Bank in connection with,
or any representation or warranty made by Borrower or any other party under this
Agreement or any other Loan Document shall prove to be incorrect, false or
misleading in any material respect when furnished or made.



(c) Any default in the performance of or compliance with any obligation,
agreement or other provision contained herein or in any other Loan Document
(other than those specifically described as an "Event of Default" in this
section 6.1), and with respect to any such default that by its nature can be
cured, such default shall continue for a period of thirty (30) days from its
occurrence.



(d) Any default in the payment or performance of any obligation, or any defined
event of default, under the terms of any contract, instrument or document (other
than any of the Loan Documents) pursuant to which Borrower, any guarantor
hereunder or any general partner or joint venturer in Borrower if a partnership
or joint venture (with each such guarantor, general partner and/or joint
venturer referred to herein as a "Third Party Obligor") has incurred any debt or
other liability in excess of $250,000 to any person or entity, including Bank,
and with respect to any such default that by its nature can be cured, such
default shall continue for a period of thirty (30) days from its occurrence.



(e) Borrower or any Third Party Obligor shall become insolvent, or shall suffer
or consent to or apply for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or
liquidator of itself or any of its property, or shall generally fail to pay its
debts as they become due, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of
creditors; Borrower or any Third Party Obligor shall file a voluntary petition
in bankruptcy, or seeking reorganization, in order to effect a plan or other
arrangement with creditors or any other relief under the Bankruptcy Reform Act,
Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended or recodified from time to time
("Bankruptcy Code"), or under any state or federal law granting relief to
debtors, whether now or hereafter in effect; or Borrower or any Third Party
Obligor shall file an answer admitting the jurisdiction of the court and the
material allegations of any involuntary petition; or Borrower or any Third Party
Obligor shall be adjudicated a bankrupt, or an order for relief shall be entered
against Borrower or any Third Party Obligor by any court of competent
jurisdiction under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable state or federal
law relating to bankruptcy, reorganization or other relief for debtors.



(f) (i) The filing of a notice of judgment lien against Borrower or any Third
Party Obligor; or the recording of any abstract of judgment against Borrower or
any Third Party Obligor in any county in which Borrower or such Third Party
Obligor has an interest in real property, in either case in excess of $250,000,
and the failure of Borrower to remove such lien or abstract within thirty (30)
days; or (ii) the service of a notice of levy and/or of a writ of attachment or
execution, or other like process, against the assets of Borrower or any Third
Party Obligor in either case in excess of $250,000, and the failure of Borrower
to remove such levy or writ within thirty (30)

<PAGE>

days; or the entry of a judgment against Borrower or any Third Party Obligor in
excess of $250,000, and the failure of Borrower to satisfy such judgment within
thirty (30) days; or any involuntary petition or proceeding pursuant to the
Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable state or federal law relating to
bankruptcy, reorganization or other relief for debtors is filed or commenced
against Borrower or any Third Party Obligor and the failure of Borrower to
terminate such filing within thirty (30) days.



(g) There shall exist or occur any event or condition that Bank in good faith
believes impairs, or is substantially to impair, the prospect of payment or
performance by Borrower, any Third Party Obligor, or the general partner of
either if such entity is a partnership, of its obligations under any of the Loan
Documents, and with respect to any such event or condition that by its nature
can be remedied cured, such event or condition shall continue for a period of
thirty (30) days from its occurrence.



(h) The death or incapacity of Borrower or any Third Party Obligor if an
individual. The dissolution or liquidation of Borrower or any Third Party
Obligor if a corporation, partnership, joint venture or other type of entity; or
Borrower or any such Third Party Obligor, or any of its directors, stockholders
or members, shall take action seeking to effect the dissolution or liquidation
of Borrower or such Third Party Obligor.



(i) Any change in control of Borrower or any entity or combination of entities
that directly or indirectly control Borrower, with "control" defined as
ownership of an aggregate of forty-nine percent (49%) or more of the common
stock, members' equity or other ownership interest (other than a limited
partnership interest).



SECTION 6.2. REMEDIES. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default: (a) all
principal and accrued and unpaid interest outstanding under each of the Loan
Documents, any term thereof to the contrary notwithstanding, shall at Bank's
option and without notice become immediately due and payable without
presentment, demand, or any notices of any kind, including without limitation
notice of nonperformance, notice of protest, protest, notice of dishonor, notice
of intention to accelerate or notice of acceleration, all of which are hereby
expressly waived by Borrower; (b) the obligation, if any, of Bank to extend any
further credit under any of the Loan Documents shall immediately cease and
terminate; and (c) Bank shall have all rights, powers and remedies available
under each of the Loan Documents, or accorded by law, including without
limitation the right to resort to any or all security for any credit subject
hereto and to exercise any or all of the rights of a beneficiary or secured
party pursuant to applicable law. All rights, powers and remedies of Bank may be
exercised at any time by Bank and from time to time after the occurrence of an
Event of Default, are cumulative and not exclusive, and shall be in addition to
any other rights, powers or remedies provided by law or equity.



ARTICLE VII

MISCELLANEOUS



SECTION 7.1. NO WAIVER. No delay, failure or discontinuance of Bank in
exercising any right, power or remedy under any of the Loan Documents shall
affect or operate as a waiver of such right, power or remedy; nor shall any
single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude, waive or
otherwise affect any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any
other right, power or remedy. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any
kind by Bank of any breach of or default under any of the Loan Documents must be
in writing and shall be effective only to the extent set forth in such writing.

<PAGE>

SECTION 7.2. NOTICES. All notices, requests and demands which any party is
required or may desire to give to any other party under any provision of this
Agreement must be in writing delivered to each party at the following address:



BORROWER: ENGlobal Corporation

654 North Sam Houston Parkway E, Suite 400

Houston, Texas 77060-5914



BANK: WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

21 Waterway Avenue, 6th Floor

The Woodlands, Texas 77380-2629



or to such other address as any party may designate by written notice to all
other parties. Each such notice, request and demand shall be deemed given or
made as follows: (a) if sent by hand delivery, upon delivery; (b) if sent by
mail, upon the earlier of the date of receipt or three (3) days after deposit in
the U.S. mail, first class and postage prepaid; and (c) if sent by telecopy,
upon receipt.



SECTION 7.3. COSTS, EXPENSES AND ATTORNEYS' FEES. Borrower shall pay to Bank
immediately upon demand the full amount of all payments, advances, charges,
costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees (to include outside
counsel fees and all allocated costs of Bank's in-house counsel to the extent
permissible), expended or incurred by Bank in connection with (a) the
negotiation and preparation of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
Bank's continued administration hereof and thereof, and the preparation of any
amendments and waivers hereto and thereto, (b) the enforcement of Bank's rights
and/or the collection of any amounts which become due to Bank under any of the
Loan Documents, and (c) the prosecution or defense of any action in any way
related to any of the Loan Documents, including without limitation, any action
for declaratory relief, whether incurred at the trial or appellate level, in an
arbitration proceeding or otherwise, and including any of the foregoing incurred
in connection with any bankruptcy proceeding (including without limitation, any
adversary proceeding, contested matter or motion brought by Bank or any other
person) relating to Borrower or any other person or entity.



SECTION 7.4. SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, administrators, legal
representatives, successors and assigns of the parties; provided however, that
Borrower may not assign or transfer its interests or rights hereunder without
Bank's prior written consent. Bank reserves the right to sell, assign, transfer,
negotiate or grant participations in all or any part of, or any interest in,
Bank's rights and benefits under each of the Loan Documents. In connection
therewith, Bank may disclose all documents and information which Bank now has or
may hereafter acquire relating to any credit subject hereto, Borrower or its
business, any guarantor hereunder or the business of such guarantor, or any
collateral required hereunder.



SECTION 7.5. AMENDMENT. This Agreement may be amended or modified only in
writing signed by each party hereto.



SECTION 7.6. NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement is made and entered
into for the sole protection and benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective permitted successors and assigns, and no other person or entity shall
be a third party

<PAGE>

beneficiary of, or have any direct or indirect cause of action or claim in
connection with, this Agreement or any other of the Loan Documents to which it
is not a party.



SECTION 7.7. TIME. Time is of the essence of each and every provision of this
Agreement and each other of the Loan Documents.



SECTION 7.8. SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS. If any provision of this Agreement
shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be
ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity without
invalidating the remainder of such provision or any remaining provisions of this
Agreement.



SECTION 7.9. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an
original, and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same
Agreement.



SECTION 7.10. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas.



SECTION 7.11. SAVINGS CLAUSE. It is the intention of the parties to comply
strictly with applicable usury laws. Accordingly, notwithstanding any provision
to the contrary in the Loan Documents, in no event shall any of the Loan
Documents require the payment or permit the payment, taking, reserving,
receiving, collection or charging of any sums constituting interest under
applicable laws that exceed the maximum amount permitted by such laws, as the
same may be amended or modified from time to time (the "Maximum Rate"). If any
such excess interest is called for, contracted for, charged, taken, reserved or
received in connection with any of the Loan Documents, or in any communication
by Bank or any other person to Borrower or any other person, or in the event
that all or part of the principal or interest hereof or thereof shall be prepaid
or accelerated, so that under any of such circumstances or under any other
circumstance whatsoever the amount of interest contracted for, charged, taken,
reserved or received on the amount of principal actually outstanding from time
to time under the Loan Documents shall exceed the Maximum Rate, then in such
event it is agreed that: (a) the provisions of this paragraph shall govern and
control; (b) neither Borrower nor any other person or entity now or hereafter
liable for the payment of any of the Loan Documents shall be obligated to pay
the amount of such interest to the extent it is in excess of the Maximum Rate;
(c) any such excess interest which is or has been received by Bank,
notwithstanding this paragraph, shall be credited against the then unpaid
principal balance hereof or thereof, or if any of the Loan Documents has been or
would be paid in full by such credit, refunded to Borrower; and (d) the
provisions of each of the Loan Documents, and any other communication to
Borrower, shall immediately be deemed reformed and such excess interest reduced,
without the necessity of executing any other document, to the Maximum Rate. The
right to accelerate the maturity of the Loan Documents does not include the
right to accelerate, collect or charge unearned interest, but only such interest
that has otherwise accrued as of the date of acceleration. Without limiting the
foregoing, all calculations of the rate of interest contracted for, charged,
taken, reserved or received in connection with any of the Loan Documents which
are made for the purpose of determining whether such rate exceeds the Maximum
Rate shall be made to the extent permitted by applicable laws by amortizing,
prorating, allocating and spreading during the period of the full term of such
Loan Documents, including all prior and subsequent renewals and extensions
hereof or thereof, all interest at any time contracted for, charged, taken,
reserved or received by Bank. The terms of this paragraph shall be deemed to be
incorporated into each of the other Loan Documents.

<PAGE>

To the extent that either Chapter 303 or 306, or both, of the Texas Finance Code
apply in determining the Maximum Rate, Bank hereby elects to determine the
applicable rate ceiling by using the weekly ceiling from time to time in effect,
subject to Bank's right subsequently to change such method in accordance with
applicable law, as the same may be amended or modified from time to time.



SECTION 7.12. RIGHT OF SETOFF; DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS. Upon and after the occurrence
of an Event of Default, (a) Borrower hereby authorizes Bank, at any time and
from time to time, without notice, which is hereby expressly waived by Borrower,
and whether or not Bank shall have declared any credit subject hereto to be due
and payable in accordance with the terms hereof, to set off against, and to
appropriate and apply to the payment of, Borrower's obligations and liabilities
under the Loan Documents (whether matured or unmatured, fixed or contingent,
liquidated or unliquidated), any and all amounts owing by Bank to Borrower
(whether payable in U.S. dollars or any other currency, whether matured or
unmatured, and in the case of deposits, whether general or special (except trust
and escrow accounts), time or demand and however evidenced), and (b) pending any
such action, to the extent necessary, to hold such amounts as collateral to
secure such obligations and liabilities and to return as unpaid for insufficient
funds any and all checks and other items drawn against any deposits so held as
Bank, in its sole discretion, may elect. Borrower hereby grants to Bank a
security interest in all deposits and accounts maintained with Bank and with any
other financial institution to secure the payment of all obligations and
liabilities of Borrower to Bank under the Loan Documents.



SECTION 7.13. BUSINESS PURPOSE. Borrower represents and warrants that each
credit subject hereto is for a business, commercial, investment, agricultural or
other similar purpose and not primarily for a personal, family or household use.



SECTION 7.14. ARBITRATION.



(a) Arbitration. The parties hereto agree, upon demand by any party, to submit
to binding arbitration all claims, disputes and controversies between or among
them (and their respective employees, officers, directors, attorneys, and other
agents), whether in tort, contract or otherwise in any way arising out of or
relating to (i) any credit subject hereto, or any of the Loan Documents, and
their negotiation, execution, collateralization, administration, repayment,
modification, extension, substitution, formation, inducement, enforcement,
default or termination; or (ii) requests for additional credit.



(b) Governing Rules. Any arbitration proceeding will (i) proceed in a location
in Texas selected by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"); (ii) be
governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (Title 9 of the United States Code),
notwithstanding any conflicting choice of law provision in any of the documents
between the parties; and (iii) be conducted by the AAA, or such other
administrator as the parties shall mutually agree upon, in accordance with the
AAA's commercial dispute resolution procedures, unless the claim or counterclaim
is at least $1,000,000.00 exclusive of claimed interest, arbitration fees and
costs in which case the arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the
AAA's optional procedures for large, complex commercial disputes (the commercial
dispute resolution procedures or the optional procedures for large, complex
commercial disputes to be referred to herein, as applicable, as the "Rules"). If
there is any inconsistency between the terms hereof and the Rules, the terms and
procedures set forth herein shall control. Any party who fails or refuses to
submit to arbitration following a demand by any other party shall bear all costs
and expenses incurred by such other party in compelling arbitration of any
dispute. Nothing contained herein shall be

<PAGE>

deemed to be a waiver by any party that is a bank of the protections afforded to
it under 12 U.S.C. ss.91 or any similar applicable state law.



(c) No Waiver of Provisional Remedies, Self-Help and Foreclosure. The
arbitration requirement does not limit the right of any party to (i) foreclose
against real or personal property collateral; (ii) exercise self-help remedies
relating to collateral or proceeds of collateral such as setoff or repossession;
or (iii) obtain provisional or ancillary remedies such as replevin, injunctive
relief, attachment or the appointment of a receiver, before during or after the
pendency of any arbitration proceeding. This exclusion does not constitute a
waiver of the right or obligation of any party to submit any dispute to
arbitration or reference hereunder, including those arising from the exercise of
the actions detailed in sections (i), (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph.



(d) Arbitrator Qualifications and Powers. Any arbitration proceeding in which
the amount in controversy is $5,000,000.00 or less will be decided by a single
arbitrator selected according to the Rules, and who shall not render an award of
greater than $5,000,000.00. Any dispute in which the amount in controversy
exceeds $5,000,000.00 shall be decided by majority vote of a panel of three
arbitrators; provided however, that all three arbitrators must actively
participate in all hearings and deliberations. The arbitrator will be a neutral
attorney licensed in the State of Texas with a minimum of ten years experience
in the substantive law applicable to the subject matter of the dispute to be
arbitrated. The arbitrator will determine whether or not an issue is
arbitratable and will give effect to the statutes of limitation in determining
any claim. In any arbitration proceeding the arbitrator will decide (by
documents only or with a hearing at the arbitrator's discretion) any pre-hearing
motions which are similar to motions to dismiss for failure to state a claim or
motions for summary adjudication. The arbitrator shall resolve all disputes in
accordance with the substantive law of Texas and may grant any remedy or relief
that a court of such state could order or grant within the scope hereof and such
ancillary relief as is necessary to make effective any award. The arbitrator
shall also have the power to award recovery of all costs and fees, to impose
sanctions and to take such other action as the arbitrator deems necessary to the
same extent a judge could pursuant to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, the
Texas Rules of Civil Procedure or other applicable law. Judgment upon the award
rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. The
institution and maintenance of an action for judicial relief or pursuit of a
provisional or ancillary remedy shall not constitute a waiver of the right of
any party, including the plaintiff, to submit the controversy or claim to
arbitration if any other party contests such action for judicial relief.



(e) Discovery. In any arbitration proceeding, discovery will be permitted in
accordance with the Rules. All discovery shall be expressly limited to matters
directly relevant to the dispute being arbitrated and must be completed no later
than 20 days before the hearing date. Any requests for an extension of the
discovery periods, or any discovery disputes, will be subject to final
determination by the arbitrator upon a showing that the request for discovery is
essential for the party's presentation and that no alternative means for
obtaining information is available.



(f) Class Proceedings and Consolidations. No party hereto shall be entitled to
join or consolidate disputes by or against others in any arbitration, except
parties who have executed any Loan Document, or to include in any arbitration
any dispute as a representative or member of a class, or to act in any
arbitration in the interest of the general public or in a private attorney
general capacity.



(g) Payment Of Arbitration Costs And Fees. The arbitrator shall award all costs
and expenses of the arbitration proceeding.

<PAGE>

(h) Miscellaneous. To the maximum extent practicable, the AAA, the arbitrators
and the parties shall take all action required to conclude any arbitration
proceeding within 180 days of the filing of the dispute with the AAA. No
arbitrator or other party to an arbitration proceeding may disclose the
existence, content or results thereof, except for disclosures of information by
a party required in the ordinary course of its business or by applicable law or
regulation. If more than one agreement for arbitration by or between the parties
potentially applies to a dispute, the arbitration provision most directly
related to the Loan Documents or the subject matter of the dispute shall
control. This arbitration provision shall survive termination, amendment or
expiration of any of the Loan Documents or any relationship between the parties.



NOTICE: THIS DOCUMENT AND ALL OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATING TO THE INDEBTEDNESS
CONSTITUTE A WRITTEN LOAN AGREEMENT WHICH REPRESENTS THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN
THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS OR
SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL
AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES RELATING TO THE INDEBTEDNESS.



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed
as of the day and year first written above.



WELLS FARGO BANK,

ENGlobal Corporation NATIONAL ASSOCIATION



By: /s/ R. W. Raiford                      By: /s/ David Jones
R. W. Raiford, Chief Financial Officer     David Jones, Relationship Manager



