









<PAGE>   1
CONFIDENTIAL

EXHIBIT 10.1


PHOENIX INTERNATIONAL LTD., INC.
500 International Parkway
Heathrow, Florida 32746
Telephone: (407) 548-5100
Fax: (407) 548-5299

DOMESTIC SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT
<TABLE>

<S>                                                 <C>
Name of Customer:                                   Effective Date (Day/Month/Year):

Type of entity:                                     State of formation:

Mailing Address:                                    Business  Address  (if  different  from  mailing
address):

City, State, Postal Code:                           City, State, Postal Code:

Phone Number:                                       Fax Number:

</TABLE>


Phoenix International Ltd., Inc. ("Phoenix") has developed a retail banking
system which the party identified as Customer above ("Customer") wishes to
license. In consideration of the obligations of the and agreements of the
parties as set forth below, the parties hereby agree as follows:


1    DEFINITIONS

1.1 "Affiliate" shall mean a parent company owning a majority of the Customer,
and majority owned subsidiaries of the Customer.

1.2 "Changes" shall mean corrections, updates, upgrades, translations,
additions and modifications to the Software and Documentation, and any other
new or additional works based in whole or in part on the Software or
Documentation.

1.3 "Client Devices" shall mean workstations, personal computers, terminals and
other devices connected to the Server through the Customer Network which access
and Use the Software to input, read, interpret, manipulate, or display
Customer's data.

1.4 "Confidential Information" shall mean any competitively sensitive or secret
business, marketing, or technical information of Phoenix or Customer, including
the terms of this Agreement and all other Agreements and communications between
Phoenix and Customer. Phoenix's Confidential Information shall include, but not
limited to, the Software and Documentation, including all Changes. Customer's
Confidential Information shall include, but not limited to, all information
concerning Customer's customers and their accounts. Confidential Information
shall not include information which is (i) generally known to the public or
readily ascertainable from public sources (other than as a result of a breach
of confidentiality hereunder), (ii) independently developed by the receiving
party without reference to or reliance on any Confidential Information of the
disclosing party, as demonstrated by written records of the receiving party, or
(iii) obtained from an independent third party who created or acquired such
information without reference to or reliance on Confidential Information.

1.5 "Customer and Software Support" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
8.

1.6 "Customer Network" shall mean the Server and the Client Devices at the
Designated Location and the Remote Branches for which license fees have been
paid hereunder.

1.7 "Designated Location" shall mean the street address of the location of the
Server as specified on Exhibit D. Customer shall notify Phoenix prior to any
change in the

<PAGE>   2

CONFIDENTIAL


location of the Server. Upon such notice, Exhibit D will be deemed
automatically amended to reflect the change.

1.8 "Documentation" shall mean the user documentation relating to the Software
provided to Customer by or on behalf of Phoenix.

1.9 "Effective Date" means the date first set forth above as the date of this
Agreement.

1.10 "Implementation Date" shall mean the date upon which the Software is ready
for live processing of Customer's data.

1.11 "Licensed Products" shall mean collectively the Software and
Documentation.

1.12 "Related Expenses" shall mean reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by Phoenix in the performance of its obligations hereunder,
including (without limitation) airfare, travel costs, lodging costs, and meals;
shipping charges, courier and delivery charges; tape, cartridge, CD and
diskette cost; and voice and data telecommunications expenses. To the extent
reasonably possible, Phoenix will obtain the approval of Customer prior to
incurring substantial Related Expenses, and Customer will not unreasonably
withhold such approval. Phoenix travel expenses shall be in conformance with
the Phoenix Travel and Entertainment Policy as in effect from time to time, a
copy of which shall be provided to Customer upon request.

1.13 "Remote Branches" shall mean the street addresses listed in Exhibit D
where Client Devices reside.

1.14 "Server" shall mean the network file server on which the relational
database for the Software resides.

1.15 "Software" shall mean the object code version of the Phoenix software
listed in Exhibit A, along with all Changes provided to Customer or authorized
by Phoenix hereunder.

1.16 "Term" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4 below.

1.17 "Third Party Software" shall mean any third party software to be used in
conjunction with the Phoenix Software.

1.18 "Use" (used as a noun or verb) shall mean the reading into computer memory
of the Software for the purpose of access and/or execution, in whole or in
part.

2    LICENSE GRANT

2.1 License. Subject to the restrictions and limitations of this Agreement and
to payment of the fees set forth herein, Phoenix hereby grants to Customer a
non-exclusive, non-transferable license during the term of this Agreement
within the United States to:

(1)Use the Software on the Customer Network;

(2)transfer the Software to a backup machine when the primary Server or any
associated machine elements required for Use of the Software are temporarily
inoperable or unusable, or to another machine for disaster recovery testing
(which may occur concurrent with normal Use of the Software to process
Customer's data on Customer Network), or for actual disaster recovery and
processing in the event the Customer Network is non-functional due to the
occurrence of disaster;

(3)make a reasonable number of additional copies of the Software for testing,
backup, and archival purposes in support of its ordinary Use of the Software;

(4)use the Documentation in support of Customer's Use of the Software;

(5)make a reasonable number of additional copies of the Documentation or
portions thereof as required to support the Use of the Software.

2.2 Restrictions. The Software may only be used for Customer's and its
Affiliates' own internal data processing needs. Customer may not, without the
prior written consent of Phoenix:

(1)translate, reverse engineer, de-compile, interpret or disassemble the
Software;

(2)transfer, distribute, sell, lease, or assign the Licensed Products;

(3)use the Licensed Products to process accounts or records, or to generate
output data, for the direct benefit of, or for purposes of rendering services
to, any business entity or organization other than Customer and its
Affiliates, provided Customer shall not be prevented from processing its
customer's accounts; or

(4)make any Changes to the Software.

2.3 Delivery. Phoenix will deliver to Customer one copy of the current
unmodified version of the Software (as listed in Exhibit A) in object code
form, and one copy of the current version of the Documentation. The licenses
granted to Customer under Section 2.1 shall become immediately effective, and
shall not be delayed or contingent based on installation, operation, or the
delivery or completion of any services.

2.4 Records. Customer agrees to maintain a record of the number and location of
all copies of the Licensed Products in its possession. Customer shall provide
Phoenix with a copy of such record upon Phoenix's written request. Following
prior written notice, Phoenix or its designee shall have the right to enter
Customer's premises during regular business hours in a non-disruptive manner
for the purpose of inspecting the location and use of the Software and
Documentation, the compliance of Customer with the provisions of this
Agreement, and the standard procedures of Customer regarding retention,
safekeeping, and disposal of all media and materials pertaining thereto


2
<PAGE>   3

CONFIDENTIAL


3     PAYMENTS AND TERMS.

3.1 Fees. The fees and charges for products and services to be provided under
this Agreement are set forth in Exhibit B. All amounts shall be paid in U.S.
dollars by wire transfer to the bank account designated by Phoenix in
accordance with the payment terms set forth in Exhibit B, or as otherwise
agreed between Phoenix and Customer. Additionally, Customer shall pay all
Related Expenses incurred by Phoenix.

3.2 Payment Terms. All invoices shall be due and payable on the date specified
in Exhibit B, or, if a date is not specified, not later than 30 days following
the date of invoice. Overdue amounts shall incur interest at the lesser of 1
1/2% per month or the highest rate allowed under applicable law. Time is of the
essence with respect to all payments due from Customer hereunder.

3.3 Taxes. Customer shall pay on a timely basis all sales, use and other taxes
arising out the transactions contemplated herein, however designated, based or
levied by any federal, state, municipal or local taxing authority (but shall
not include United States Federal, state or local taxes based upon the net
income of Phoenix) ("Taxes"). Customer shall promptly reimburse and shall
indemnify Phoenix for all Taxes which Phoenix is required by any taxing
authority to pay. Customer shall, as soon as practicable, forward to Phoenix
documentation evidencing payment of all such taxes. Customer may challenge the
applicability of any Tax only after paying the Tax or giving Phoenix
satisfactory assurance of compliance.

3.4 Fee Adjustments. Phoenix reserves the right to adjust its prices once per
year subject to 30 days advanced written notice. The Customer and Software
Support Fee shall not be increased by more than the greater of 6% or the
increase in the U.S. Consumer Price Index for the previous 12 month period.

4    TERM AND TERMINATION

4.1 Term. This Agreement and the license granted herein shall have an initial
term commencing on the Effective Date and continuing for a period of 5 years
from the Implementation Date (the "Initial Term"). Thereafter, this Agreement
shall automatically renew for additional 1 year periods unless and until either
party notifies the other in writing of its desire not to renew this Agreement
at least 90 days prior to the last day of the Initial Term or any subsequent
renewal period.

4.2 Termination by Phoenix. Phoenix shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement upon the occurrence of any of the following events:

(1)Customer's material breach of any provision of this Agreement if Customer
has not initiated adequate steps to cure such breach within 20 days following
written notice of such breach to Customer; or

(2)Customer's failure to obtain and pay for Customer and Software Support; or

(3)Customer ceases to do business, makes a composition or assignment for the
benefit of its creditors, makes a general arrangement with its creditors
concerning any extension or forgiveness of any of its secured debt, becomes
bankrupt or insolvent, suffers or seeks the appointment of a receiver to the
whole or any material part of its business, takes any action to liquidate or
wind up the whole or any material part of its business, is found subject to
any provisions of any bankruptcy code concerning involuntary bankruptcy or
similar proceeding, or suffers a material adverse change in its financial
position, and any such event affects or delays payments to Phoenix hereunder;
or

4.3 Result of Termination by Phoenix. In the event that this Agreement is
terminated under Section 4.2(1) above, Customer's license to Use the Software
shall immediately cease. In all other cases, Customer may continue to Use the
Software in accordance with this Agreement for up to 180 days following
termination, provided that Customer has paid and continues to pay all amounts
due as if this Agreement were still in effect. Upon expiration of such period
(and immediately, in the event of termination under Section 4.2(1)), Customer
shall either return to Phoenix or destroy all copies of the Licensed Products.
Upon Phoenix's request, Customer shall certify that it has completed such
action.

4.4 Termination by Customer. Customer may terminate this Agreement upon the
occurrence of any of the following:

(1) Phoenix's material breach of any provision of this Agreement if Phoenix
has not initiated adequate steps to cure such breach within 20 days following
written notice of such breach to Phoenix; or

(2)Phoenix ceases to do business, makes a composition or assignment for the
benefit of its creditors, makes a general arrangement with its creditors
concerning any extension or forgiveness of any of its secured debt, becomes
bankrupt or insolvent, suffers or seeks the appointment of a receiver to the
whole or any material part of its business, takes any action to liquidate or
wind up the whole or any material part of its business, is found subject to
any provisions of any bankruptcy code concerning involuntary bankruptcy or
similar proceeding, or suffers a material adverse change in its financial
position, and any such event materially affects Phoenix's ability to meet its
obligations hereunder.

4.5 Result of Termination by Customer. In the event that this Agreement is
terminated by Customer under Section 4.4, or by Phoenix after the Initial Term,
Customer may continue to Use the Software in accordance with this Agreement
until the later of nine months following such termination or the end of the
Initial Term. Upon expiration of such period, Customer shall either return to
Phoenix or


3
<PAGE>   4

CONFIDENTIAL


destroy all copies of the Licensed Products. Upon Phoenix's request, Customer
shall certify that it has completed such action.

4.6 Survival. All obligations with respect to restrictions on use of the
Licensed Products, confidentiality, payment of fees, ownership, and protection
of intellectual property rights shall survive any termination of this
Agreement.

4.7 Non-exclusive Remedy. The rights and remedies of the parties are not
exclusive and are in addition to any other rights and remedies provided by law
or equity.

4.8 De-Conversion. Upon Customer's request, following the termination or
expiration of Customer's right to Use the Software, Phoenix shall assist
Customer with the conversion of its data from its then current format into a
generic format. Customer shall pay Phoenix on a time and materials basis for
such assistance at its then current published rates for the Territory, plus
Related Expenses.

4.9 Source Code. Phoenix will deposit the most current version of the source
code for the Software with an independent escrow agent. In the event that
Phoenix, or any successor, shall cease to provide Customer and Software
Support, Customer's license for the use of the Software hereunder is still in
effect, and Customer has paid its Customer and Software Support Fee and all
other fees due hereunder, Customer shall have the right to obtain, for its own
sole and exclusive use for the sole purpose of maintaining and supporting the
Software, with no right of transfer, a single copy of such source code from the
escrow agent, subject to the terms of this Agreement.

5    TITLE

5.1 Ownership. The Software and Documentation are (i) copyrighted works
protected by copyright laws, treaties and conventions of the United States and
the Territory and (ii) contain trade secrets and Confidential Information of
Phoenix protected under applicable law of the United States and the Territory.
Phoenix retains all right, title, and interest in and to the Software,
Documentation, and all copyright, trade secret, patent and other intellectual
property rights contained therein, subject only to the limited license granted
to Customer in Section 2 hereof. Phoenix shall also exclusively own all Changes
to the Licensed Products, whether made by or on behalf of Phoenix, Customer, or
their employees, agents or otherwise, provided, however, that Customer shall
own any additions to the Software which are not based on the Software or other
Phoenix code and which are produced by Customer without significant assistance
from Phoenix. To the extent that Changes, including all associated intellectual
property rights, are not owned in their entirety by Phoenix immediately upon
their creation, Customer agrees to assign (and hereby automatically assigns)
all right, title and interest therein to Phoenix, without any requirement of
consideration or further documentation. Customer agrees to take such further
action and execute such further documentation as Phoenix may reasonably request
to give effect to this Section 5.1.

5.2 Infringement. Customer shall immediately notify Phoenix in the event that
it discovers any infringement of Phoenix's rights in the Licensed Products or
any violation of the terms of a License Agreement, and shall, at Phoenix's
expense, cooperate with Phoenix and assist in the prosecution of Phoenix's
claim.

6    INSTALLATION

Phoenix shall provide the implementation services set forth in Exhibit C for
the fees set forth in Exhibit B.

7    CUSTOMER OBLIGATIONS

7.1 Customer Contact. Each of Phoenix and Customer shall appoint a Contact
Person, listed on Exhibit D, to serve as the focal point of communication
between Phoenix and Customer. Each party shall direct all communications
concerning this Agreement and their obligations hereunder (other than routine
support related communications) to the Customer Contact. Each party may change
the Contact Person at any time upon written notice to the other party.

7.2 Hardware and Software Requirements. Prior to Installation of the Software,
Customer shall license and obtain (i) the Third Party Software and (ii) the
Customer Network. The Customer Network must be in compliance with the Phoenix
Network and Configuration Standards Guide as provided by Phoenix to Customer,
and the other requirements set forth in Exhibit C. The Software will not work
properly if the Customer Network is not in compliance with such standards.
Alternative hardware and software configurations will be evaluated for use with
the Software by Phoenix upon Customer's reasonable request, provided that
Customer pays all of Phoenix's costs in connection with such evaluation.
Customer shall provide at its cost an on-line telecommunications link with a
telephone modem in accordance with the Phoenix Network and Configuration
Standards Guide in order to provide Phoenix access to the Customer Network.
Phoenix shall not use such access for any reason other than to provide Customer
and Software Support hereunder and to monitor the size, configuration, and
performance of the Customer Network.

7.3 Personnel. Customer shall keep its personnel trained in the operation of
the Licensed Products and the Customer Network.

8    CUSTOMER AND SOFTWARE SUPPORT

8.1 Customer and Software Support. Following delivery of the Software to
Customer, and subject to payment by Customer of the Customer and Software
Support Fees set forth in Exhibit B, Phoenix shall provide Customer with
Customer and Software Support, which shall consist of the following:

(1)Phoenix shall provide Customer with updates, patches, bug fixes and new
releases of the Software and


4
<PAGE>   5

CONFIDENTIAL


Documentation which Phoenix provides to its customers generally;

(2)Phoenix will provide remote telephonic support for the Licensed Products
Monday through Friday, 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM eastern standard time and emergency
telephonic support via pager access 24 hours a day, 365 days per year.
Telephone support shall include (i) diagnosing errors or malfunctions in the
Software and malfunctions caused by operator error, (ii) advising Customer of
corrective measures, and (iii) clarifying operating instructions contained in
the Documentation; and

(3)Phoenix shall insure that the Software operates in conformance with the
Documentation. If the Software fails to operate in conformance with the
Documentation, and the problem cannot be remedied thorough telephonic
support, Phoenix shall use all reasonable efforts to correct or replace the
Software or portions thereof or provide a temporary work-around for such
problem within a reasonable period of time based upon the impact of the
problem on Customer's ability to operate.

8.2 Customer Obligations. Customer shall promptly notify Phoenix of all
problems with the Software, and shall, if applicable, provide assistance in
identifying and detecting problems, errors, and malfunctions. As requested by
Phoenix, Customer shall provide data and information regarding all errors in
sufficient detail and with sufficient supporting documentation to enable
Phoenix to diagnose, and if necessary, recreate the problem, error, or
malfunction.

8.3 Limitation. Customer and Software Support shall not cover malfunctions and
errors caused by (i) misuse or abuse of the Software, (ii) by use of the
Software with hardware or software other than that approved by Phoenix for use
with the Software, or (iii) Changes made other than by or with the express
written consent of Phoenix. Customer and Software Support shall only be
provided for the most current release of the Software provided to Customer,
and, for a period of 90 days after delivery of the most current release, of the
previous release of the Software. Support may be provided for previous releases
after such 90 day period at Phoenix's option at Phoenix's then current time and
materials rates for such services for the Territory, plus Related Expenses.

8.4 Subsequent Releases. Customer shall install all corrections, enhancements,
and subsequent releases of the Software within 90 days after receipt from
Phoenix. Customer shall not be required to implement any release which is found
to contain significant errors or which, if implemented, would materially impair
Customer's ability to use the Software as used by Customer prior to such
release.

8.5 Support Guidelines. Phoenix shall use best efforts to respond to and
resolve Customer's requests for support hereunder within the time periods set
forth in the Phoenix Response and Resolution Guidelines, the current version of
which are attached hereto as Exhibit E.

9    WARRANTIES

9.1 Warranty. Phoenix warrants that, for a period of 90 days after delivery,
the original unmodified version of the Software shall conform in all material
respects with any program descriptions included in the Documentation. Phoenix
does not warrant that the Licensed Products will operate without interruption
or be error-free. Phoenix warrants that the Software will operate in accordance
with this Agreement on dates occurring on and after January 1, 2000, to the
same extent that it operates prior to such date and that the Software will be
capable of properly processing data having dates falling on and after January
1, 2000. In the event Customer discovers any non-conformance by the Software
with the above warranty (a "defect"), Customer agrees to provide Phoenix notice
of such defect, and shall, upon Phoenix's request, provide such data and
information regarding the defect as Phoenix may require to recreate the defect.
Phoenix agrees, as its exclusive obligation for any breach of such warranty, to
use its best reasonable efforts to correct reported defects. Phoenix shall not
be responsible for (i) unreported defects, (ii) defects caused by misuse or
abuse of the Software, (iii) defects caused by use of the Software with
hardware or software other than that approved by Phoenix for use with the
Software, or for (iv) Changes made other than by or with the express written
authority of Phoenix. Customer shall be limited to the warranties provided by
third-party licensors or manufacturers with respect to third-party software or
equipment that may be provided by Phoenix.

9.2 DISCLAIMER. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 6.1 ABOVE, PHOENIX SPECIFICALLY
DISCLAIMS ANY OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

9.3 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT SHALL PHOENIX BE LIABLE FOR ANY
SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE,
OR INABILITY TO USE, THE LICENSED PRODUCTS OR ARISING OUT OF ANY OTHER
CIRCUMSTANCES ASSOCIATED WITH THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES BASED ON LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OR INTERRUPTION OF
DATA OR COMPUTER TIME, ALTERATION OR ERRONEOUS TRANSMISSION OF DATA, EVEN IF
PHOENIX IS ADVISED IN ADVANCE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. Phoenix's
total liability to Customer under any provision of this Agreement (other than
indemnification under Section 10) or for any and all claims, losses or damages
relating to the Licensed Products (whether based on tort, contract, or any
other theory), other


5
<PAGE>   6
CONFIDENTIAL

than claims based upon the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Phoenix,
shall be limited to the amount actually paid by Customer to Phoenix for the
Licensed Products giving rise to the liability. The parties acknowledge that
each of them relied upon the inclusion of this limitation in consideration of
entering into this Agreement.

10   PATENT AND COPYRIGHT INDEMNITY

10.1 Infringement Claims. If a third party claims that the Software infringes
any patent, copyright, trade secret, or similar intellectual property right of
any third party, and such claim would impair Customer's right to use the
Software hereunder, Phoenix shall (as long as Customer is not in default under
this Agreement or any other agreement with Phoenix) defend Customer against
that claim at Phoenix's expense and pay all damages awarded by a court in a
final judgment, provided that Customer (i) promptly notifies Phoenix in writing
of any such claim, (ii) allows Phoenix to control the defense and disposition
of such claim, including any related settlement negotiations, and (iii)
cooperates with Phoenix, at Phoenix's expense, in the defense of such claim.

10.2 Remedies. If such a claim is made or appears possible, Phoenix may, at its
option, either (i) secure for Customer the right to continue to use the
Software, (ii) modify or replace the Software so it is non-infringing, or (iii)
refund a pro-rata portion of the license fees paid for the infringing material
based on a five year straight line useful period. Phoenix has no obligation
hereunder for any claim based on a modified version of the Software which has
not been prepared solely by Phoenix, or for any combination, operation or use
of the Software with any hardware or software not approved in writing by
Phoenix. Phoenix also shall have no obligation hereunder for any claim based on
theories of law that are not substantially equivalent to laws, treaties and
conventions applicable to U.S. patents, copyrights, trade secrets, and similar
intellectual property rights. THIS SECTION 10 STATES PHOENIX'S ENTIRE
OBLIGATION TO CUSTOMER WITH RESPECT TO MATTERS OF TITLE OR ANY CLAIM OF
INFRINGEMENT THEREOF.

11   CONFIDENTIALITY

11.1 Confidentiality. Each Party agrees at all times to maintain the complete
confidentiality of the Confidential Information of the other. Each Party shall
not permit or authorize access to, or disclosure of, the Confidential
Information of the other to any person or entity other than employees or
advisors who have a "need to know" such information in order to enable the
receiving party to exercise its rights or perform its obligations under this
Agreement. Neither party shall disclose or supply the Confidential Information
of the other to any non-employee third party without the prior written approval
of the other party, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, provided
the requesting party can demonstrate a need for such disclosure in order to
comply with its obligations hereunder. Either party may disclose portions of
the Confidential Information of the other to governmental regulatory
authorities if such disclosure is required by applicable laws, provided the
party required to make such disclosure notifies the other party of the
applicable legal requirements before such disclosure occurs and assists the
other party to obtain such protection as may be available to preserve the
confidentiality of such information.

11.2 Disposal. Prior to disposal of any media or materials that contain any
part of the Software, Documentation or other Confidential Information of
Phoenix, Customer shall obliterate or otherwise destroy all code, instructions,
commentary, or further evidence of Confidential Information, for example, by
erasing, incinerating, or shredding such materials.

12   ARBITRATION

In the event a claim, controversy or dispute between Phoenix and Customer
arises out of or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions and
business contemplated hereby, including the validity, construction or
enforcement thereof, either party may demand that such matter be submitted to
final and binding arbitration. All arbitration proceedings shall be held in
Atlanta, Georgia, unless Phoenix and Customer agree in writing to another
location. All arbitration proceedings and records shall be in English. Issuance
of an arbitration demand shall suspend the effect of any default entailed by
such claim, controversy or dispute and any judicial or administrative
proceedings instituted in connection therewith, for the duration of the
arbitration proceedings. Arbitration shall be governed by the commercial rules
of the American Arbitration Association (the "AAA"). Arbitration shall be
conducted by one arbitrator who shall be chosen by the AAA within 5 days of
receipt of the arbitration demand. The arbitrator or arbitrators shall
determine whether a default has occurred, and shall deliver its or their
decision within 45 days of the date of receipt of the arbitration demand,
specifying such remedy (including money damages) as shall (a) fully implement
the intent and purposes of this Agreement and (b) indemnify and hold harmless
the non-breaching party from all losses, costs and expenses (including costs of
arbitration and reasonable attorneys' fees) resulting from the default.
Termination or limitation of Phoenix's rights in the Software, the
Documentation, or any associated intellectual property rights may not be
awarded under any circumstances. The right to demand arbitration and to receive
damages and obtain other available remedies as provided hereunder shall be the
exclusive remedy in the event an arbitration demand is made, except that
Phoenix shall be entitled to obtain equitable relief, such as injunctive
relief, from any court of competent jurisdiction in order to protect its rights
in the Software, the Documentation, or any associated intellectual property
rights while such proceeding is pending or in support of any award made
pursuant to such arbitration. Phoenix and


6
<PAGE>   7

CONFIDENTIAL


Customer hereby consent to the enforcement of any arbitral judgment or award
rendered pursuant to this Section in the courts of each state where Customer or
Phoenix have offices or significant assets.

13   EXPORT

13.1 Export Restrictions. Customer shall not ship or export the Licensed
Products outside of the United States without the express written consent of
Phoenix.

14   GENERAL

14.1 Notice. Notices shall be deemed given upon receipt if transmitted by fax,
registered mail, or overnight courier service if properly addressed as first
set forth above, or to such other address as may be requested by written notice
in compliance with this Section.

14.2 Assignment. Customer may not assign, transfer, or delegate its rights or
obligations hereunder without Phoenix's prior written consent. Subject to the
foregoing, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
parties hereto and their permitted successors and assigns. For purposes of this
Section, the acquisition of more than 50% of the voting stock of Customer, the
acquisition of all or substantially all the business and assets of Customer, or
the merger of Customer with or into another entity shall constitute an
unauthorized assignment, unless all other provisions of this Agreement are duly
honored, the surviving entity signs a new license agreement with Phoenix
containing terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to Phoenix, and the
surviving entity pays additional license fees for use of the Licensed Products
as necessary for the asset size of the entity resulting out of the transaction
which will use the Software.

14.3 Waiver. The failure of either party to enforce any term of this Agreement
shall not constitute a waiver of either party's right to enforce every term of
this Agreement.

14.4 Enforcement. If either party brings an action under this Agreement
(including appeal), the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover
reasonable attorneys' fees and costs.

14.5 Should any provision of this Agreement be held by a court of competent
jurisdiction or arbitration authority to be unenforceable, the remaining
provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or impaired thereby.

14.6 CHOICE OF LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE
LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE STATE OF FLORIDA, EXCLUDING ITS
CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES. WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM OF EITHER PARTY WITH RESPECT
TO OWNERSHIP OF THE LICENSED PRODUCTS, THE PROTECTION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
OR CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION OF PHOENIX, OR THE PAYMENT OF AMOUNTS DUE PHOENIX
HEREUNDER, CUSTOMER HEREBY CONSENTS TO BE SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE
FEDERAL AND STATE COURTS OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA.

14.7 Force Majeure. Neither party shall be in default by reason of any failure
in the performance of this Agreement other than a failure to make payment when
due or to comply with restrictions upon the Use of the Licensed Products) if
such failure arises out of any act, event or circumstance beyond the reasonable
control of such party, whether or not otherwise foreseeable. The party so
affected will resume performance as soon as reasonably possible.

14.8 Headings and Captions. The headings and captions appearing in this
Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience and in no way limit the
scope or affect the meaning of any section.

14.9 Employees. Neither party shall hire or solicit for hire any employee of
the other without the express written consent of the other party.

14.10 Prior Agreements, Amendment. This Agreement constitutes the entire
agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior understandings and
agreements between them regarding the Licensed Products, and may not be
modified or amended except in writing signed by authorized representatives of
both parties.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed
as of the Effective Date.

PHOENIX INTERNATIONAL LTD., INC.               CUSTOMER:


Signature                                      Signature


Print Name                                     Print Name


Print Title                                    Print Title



7
<PAGE>   8
CONFIDENTIAL


EXHIBIT A
SOFTWARE

PHOENIX SOFTWARE:



































8
<PAGE>   9
CONFIDENTIAL


EXHIBIT B
FEES

1.  INITIAL LICENSE FEES
BASED ON ASSET SIZE OF CUSTOMER
CURRENT LICENSE FEE FOR UP TO $ _____ MILLION IN ASSETS

Phoenix Retail Banking System (________ Version)      $
Internet Module                                       $
Etc.                                                  $

TOTAL LICENSE FEES                                    $
====================

2.  ADDITIONAL LICENSE FEES:

Asset Size Upgrade Fee                                $

3.  IMPLEMENTATION FEES                                   $

4.  ANNUAL CUSTOMER AND SOFTWARE SUPPORT FEES:

$
====================
5.  PAYMENT TERMS

5.1 All License Fees shall be billable upon execution of this Agreement.
The License Fees are one-time initial license fees for the delivery of the
current version of the Software, and are fully earned and non-refundable
upon shipment of the Software to Customer. All modifications and
enhancements for the Software requested by Customer shall be the subject of
a separate agreement with separate consideration and license fees to be
paid therefore.

5.2 Customer shall pay to Phoenix Additional License Fees as set forth
above each time that its total assets exceed the pricing tier for which
license fees have already been paid, whether such growth is internal, or
through merger or acquisition. Phoenix upgrade tiers and Additional License
Fees are set forth above.

5.3 Customer shall pay Phoenix an Implementation Fee as set forth above for
implementation services. Such fee is due 50% upon execution of this
Agreement, 25% upon mock conversion, and 25% upon live conversion for the
first location of the Customer.

5.4 Each year during the term of this Agreement, for a minimum of five
years, Customer shall pay Phoenix a Customer and Software Support Fee as
set forth above. The Customer and Software Support Fee shall increase by
20% of any license upgrade fees which Customer is obligated to pay. If
upgrade license fees are due prior to the next due date of the Customer and
Software Support Fee, Customer shall pay Phoenix a prorated portion of the
increase in the Customer and Software Support Fee for the remaining part of
the year at the time that the license upgrade fee is paid. The Customer and
Software Support Fee is billable on the date the Software is installed at
Customer's first location and each on each anniversary thereof during the
term of this Agreement, and for so long as Customer continues to use the
Software.

5.5 No fees due hereunder shall be reduced or delayed due to any delay of
implementation at the request of the Customer.



9
<PAGE>   10
CONFIDENTIAL


EXHIBIT C
IMPLEMENTATION, CONFIGURATIONS AND THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE

IMPLEMENTATION











NETWORK REQUIREMENTS

1.  Network Requirements

Customer agrees to provide and maintain a network in accordance with the
standards set forth in the Phoenix Hardware and Network Services Guide, as
provided by Phoenix and amended from time to time.

2.  UNIX on NT Server Requirements

Customer agrees to provide and maintain a _______________________ server at
a size recommended by Phoenix, or greater.

3.  Sybase or MicroSoft Sequel Server Software Requirements




THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE



10
<PAGE>   11
CONFIDENTIAL


EXHIBIT D

CUSTOMER CONTACT, DESIGNATED LOCATION AND REMOTE BRANCHES


CUSTOMER CONTACT:


DESIGNATED LOCATION:




REMOTE LOCATIONS:































11
<PAGE>   12
CONFIDENTIAL


EXHIBIT E

RESPONSE AND RESOLUTION GUIDELINES

PROBLEM SEVERITY LEVELS

Every call is assigned a severity level during its setup within the call log.
This severity level controls both the manner and speed with which the Customer
Support specialist responds back to the caller, as well as the timetable within
which the support group works to resolve the problem. All references to time
and business days refer to time and business days Eastern Standard Time.
Standard severity levels are as follows:

Critical   Highest priority classification. Assigned to problems that
prevent the bank from conducting normal business, typically
problems involving core processing failures, recurring
application crashes, and serious calculative errors.

High       Second highest priority classification. Assigned to problems
that have a serious impact on the bank's operations, but do not
prevent the bank from conducting business. Examples of
high-priority problems include nightly processing errors that
cause the bank to go out of balance, reports with incorrect
information, and inaccurate display screen calculations.

Medium     Third highest priority classification. Assigned to problems that
inconvenience the bank but do necessarily represent calculative
errors or other software failures. Typical medium-priority
problems include print routines that take longer than desired,
account setup routines that require redundant data entry, and
window options that do not properly reflect bank-defined default
values.

Low        Lowest priority classification. Assigned to problems that are
primarily cosmetic in nature (typographical errors, alignment
problems, etc.). Low-priority problems detract from the system's
elegance and polish, but not from its core functionality.

RESPONSE GUIDELINES

Following are the target response times for each level of problem severity:

Critical   A return call will be made within 45 minutes.

High       A return call will be made to the bank within 3 hours, but never
later than the end of that business day, unless calls come in
within 1 hour of the end of the business day, in which case a
return call must be made within the first 2 hours of the next
business day.

Medium     A return call will be made to the bank during the same business
day, or if the call comes within 3 hours of the end of the
business day, a return call must be made by the end of the next
business day.

Low        A return call will be made by the end of the next business day.













12
<PAGE>   13
CONFIDENTIAL


RESOLUTION GUIDELINES

Following are the target resolution timeframes for each classification. Phoenix
will use its reasonable commercial efforts to provide a code fix or a work
around for all reported problems within the following time frames. If a work
around is provided, Phoenix will provide a code fix at a later time or with the
next release of the software, if necessary. Given the uncertain nature of
troubleshooting technical software problems, however, Phoenix cannot guarantee
such time frames.

Critical   For calls logged either during or after normal support hours,
the problem should be resolved within 5 hours. Phoenix shall
involve such resources as necessary to remedy critical errors as
soon as possible, including escalating the problem to the Senior
Vice President in charge of Client Services within 1 hour.

High       For calls logged either during or after normal support hours,
the problem should be resolved within 24 hours.

Medium     Based on consultation with the bank, the problem should be
resolved either during the next scheduled software release
(preferred) or, at the bank's explicit request, within 5
business days.

Low        The problem should be resolved according to a mutually agreed
schedule.







13


