











U.S. Software License Agreement

This U.S. Software License  Agreement  (the  "Agreement")  is made and
entered   into  by  and  between   MicroStrategy   Incorporated,   a  Delaware
corporation  having its  principal  place of business at 8000 Towers  Crescent
Drive, Vienna, VA 22182 ("MSTR"),  and Strategy.com  Incorporated,  a Delaware
corporation  having its  principal  place of  business  at 1861  International
drive, Vienna,  Virginia 22182 ("SDC"),  (each one individually a "Party" and,
collectively,  the  "Parties").  The effective date of this Agreement shall be
the date last signed below (the "Effective Date").

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS,  MicroStrategy Incorporated and certain of its subsidiaries desire
to realign their worldwide corporate structure in accordance with their separate
lines of business, the "Strategy.com Business" and the "MicroStrategy Business";
and

WHEREAS,  the entities now enter into various  agreements  and make certain
mutual  promises as described in the "Agreement and Plan of  Reorganization"  by
and  among  MicroStrategy  Incorporated,  MicroStrategy  International  Limited,
MicroStrategy   International  II  Limited,   Strategy.com   Incorporated,   and
Strategy.com  International  Limited dated October 17,  2000 to effectuate  this
realignment and reorganization; and

WHEREAS,   MSTR  has  developed   the  suite  of  software   known  as  the
MicroStrategy  platform (as further defined below) and other technology  related
to a  personalized  information  network.  SDC desires to acquire  rights in the
MicroStrategy platform; and

WHEREAS,  SDC is  currently  using the  MicroStrategy  platform  in certain
existing projects which the Parties agree SDC should be permitted to continue.

NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration of the premises set forth above and the
covenants set forth below,  and other  valuable  consideration,  the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

1.    Definitions

As used in this Agreement,  capitalized terms will have the meanings set forth
below.

1.1 "Affiliate" means a company that provides Services to its customers via
an affiliation with SDC and that has signed an affiliation agreement with SDC.

1.2  "MicroStrategy  Platform" means all existing and future  MicroStrategy
products that are made generally available  including,  without limitation,  the
MicroStrategy  E-Business platforms known as MicroStrategy 6.0 and MicroStrategy
7.0  (or any  derivative  works  thereof),  MicroStrategy  Intelligence  Server,
MicroStrategy  Web  Server,   MicroStrategy   Broadcast  Server,   MicroStrategy
Architect, MicroStrategy Administrator, MicroStrategy Agent, MicroStrategy
1
<PAGE>

Web,   MicroStrategy    InfoCenter,  MicroStrategy   Transactor,   MicroStrategy
Broadcaster,  MicroStrategy  Telecaster,  the MicroStrategy Software Development
Kit (SDK) and the  MicroStrategy  eCRM 6  application.  The MSTR Products  shall
include,  at no charge to SDC, all upgrades and bug fixes as are made  generally
available through MicroStrategy technical support.

1.3  "Intellectual  Property  (IP) Rights"  means all patents,  copyrights,
trade names,  trademarks,  trade  secrets,  or any other  intellectual  property
rights, whether registered or unregistered essential to undertake the activities
licensed hereunder.

1.4 "Services" means syndicated information services covering a broad range
of content distributed to end users through a network of affiliates,  as well as
offering  targeted  advertising  and  e-commerce  offers to consumers  through a
network of affiliates or through a specific  affiliate and offering reporting on
subscriber  information.  Services  may also mean the  provision  of  customized
services to a specific affiliate using any combination of syndicated data and/or
data  provided by the  affilate and the  information  is sent by SDC directly to
consumers on behalf of the affiliate.  Services specifically exclude the ability
of SDC to host applications  (e.g., eCRM applications and business  intelligence
applications)  that analyze customer data that is unrelated to Subscription Data
and that would essentially compete with MicroStrategy's  products and offerings.
Subscription  Data is any information  about a subscriber that is collected as a
part of delivering the Services.

1.5 "Software"  means those certain  software modules that make up the MSTR
Platform, and any related technical documentation.

1.6  "Subsidiary"  means a  corporation  or  other  legal  entity:  (i) the
majority of whose  shares or other  securities  entitled to vote for election of
directors (or other managing  authority) is now or hereafter  controlled by such
company either directly or indirectly;  or (ii) which does not have  outstanding
publicly  traded  shares  or  securities  but the  majority  of whose  ownership
interest representing the right to manage such corporation or other legal entity
is now or hereafter  owned and  controlled  by such company  either  directly or
indirectly;  but any such  corporation or the other legal entity shall be deemed
to be a Subsidiary of such company only as long as such control or ownership and
control exists.

1.7   "Territory" shall mean the United States.

2.    License Grants

2.1  Object  Code  License.  Subject  to the terms and  conditions  of this
Agreement,   MSTR  hereby  grants  to  SDC  a   nonexclusive,   nontransferable,
royalty-free license, without right of sublicense except as set forth in Section
2.3  below,   to  make,   use,   and  provide   access  to  the   Software   (in
machine-executable  object  code form  only) only for use  within  SDC's  normal
business  operations to support and operate the Services and for SDC's  internal
business intelligence needs.

2.2  Source  Code  License.  MSTR  hereby  grants  to  SDC a  nonexclusive,
nontransferable,   perpetual,   and  royalty-free  license,   without  right  of
sublicense,  to use the  Software in source  code form to develop  and  maintain
derivative  works of the  Software  only for use within  SDC's  normal  business
operations  to support and operate the Services in the  Territory.  MSTR further
grants to SDC a nonexclusive, nontransferable, perpetual, worldwide

2
<PAGE>

and  royalty-free  license,  without  right of  sublicense  to use and provide
access to the  derivative  works of the  Software  to support  and operate the
Services  in the  Territory.  Nothing  in this  Agreement  shall  give SDC any
right to make the  source  code of the MSTR  platform  available  to any third
party.

2.3  License  Restrictions.  SDC shall  not  authorize  others  to  reverse
compile,  reverse  engineer or otherwise  disassemble the Software or derivative
works of the  Software.  SDC  agrees  to take no  actions  inconsistent  with or
exceeding  the scope of the  license  grant set forth in  Sections  2.1 and 2.2.
Specifically,  SDC shall not permit any third party access to the Source Code of
the Software.  Except for the rights  expressly  granted in this Agreement,  all
rights to the Software and any Intellectual Property Rights therein are reserved
by MSTR.  When SDC makes the Software  available to a third party as part of the
Services,  SDC must do so solely through a written sublicense agreement,  either
in a written form or a "click-wrap" form ("End User License  Agreement"),  which
shall be in the form provided by  MicroStrategy  or in a form prepared by SDC so
long as such End User  License  Agreement  includes,  at a minimum,  contractual
provisions at least as restrictive as the following, which:

(a)   Disclaim  MicroStrategy's  liability  for  damages,  whether
direct or indirect,  incidental or consequential,  arising from the use of the
Software.
(b)   Require end users to use a  commercially  reasonable  degree
of care to protect the Confidential  Information of MicroStrategy and prohibit
End  Users  from,   directly  or  indirectly,   (1)  using  any   Confidential
Information of MicroStrategy  to create any computer  software program or user
documentation which is substantially  similar to any Software, or (2) using or
disclosing Confidential Information of MicroStrategy.
(c)   The   End   User   License   Agreement   shall   not   cause
MicroStrategy  to be liable for any taxes or  duties,  however  designated  or
levied (including but not limited to sales, use and personal property).
(d)   Notwithstanding  any provisions to the contrary contained in
this  Agreement  and for the  avoidance of doubt,  SDC shall have the right to
use and/or  sublicense  the  Software  solely for the purpose of  licensing or
offering the Services as defined in the U.S. Software  Licensing  agreement to
a third party that relicenses the Services for example an OEM relationship.

MicroStrategy  reserves  the right to amend the minimum  required  contractual
provisions  set forth in this Section upon ninety (90) days'  advance  written
notice,  provided such amended provisions shall apply only to End User License
Agreements  executed  by SDC  subsequent  to  the  expiration  of  the  ninety
(90)-day notice period.

2.4 Assignment and Transfer.  SDC may not assign this Agreement or transfer
Software to an Affiliate without prior written consent of MicroStrategy.

3
<PAGE>

2.5   Audit.

(a)   Certification.   At  MicroStrategy's  written  request,  not
more  frequently  than once per year, SDC shall furnish  MicroStrategy  with a
signed  certification  verifying  that the Software is being used  pursuant to
the provisions of this Agreement.

(b)   Audit.  MicroStrategy  may, at its expense,  audit SDC's use
of the Products.  Any such audit shall be conducted  during  regular  business
hours at SDC's  facilities  and shall not  unreasonably  interfere  with SDC's
business activities.


3.    Ownership.

3.1 Ownership. As between SDC and MSTR, SDC acknowledges that MSTR owns all
right,  title  and  interest  in the  MSTR  Platform,  and to the  Software  and
derivative works created pursuant to Section 2.2.

3.2 Proprietary Rights Notices.  SDC shall not alter, obscure or remove any
copyright  notices or any other proprietary  rights notices  incorporated in the
Software delivered to SDC.


4.    Confidentiality

The parties  agree to treat all  confidential  information  exchanged by
the parties as  confidential  as set forth in the U.S.  Mutual  Non-Disclosure
Agreement in effect between the parties and  incorporated in this Agreement by
reference.


5.    Warranty

5.1.  Limited  Exclusivity.  MSTR warrants that for a period of three years
from the execution of this  Agreement it will not both grant a software  license
and  provide  MSTR  consulting   services  pursuant  to  which  MSTR  builds  an
application  for a customer that would allow the non-MSTR  controlled  entity to
compete  directly  with  Strategy.com  as a provider of  syndicated  information
services to a network of affiliates.  MSTR further warrants that for a period of
three  years  from  the  execution  of this  Agreement,  it will  not  create  a
syndicated  information service for distribution through a network of affiliates
that competes directly with the Services.

5.2.  Rights  Ownership.  MSTR warrants that it owns, free and clear of all
liens or  encumbrances,  or has valid  licenses in the  Software and that it has
full legal right to grant to SDC the licenses contained herein.

5.3.  Disclaimer of Warranties.  MSTR offers no warranties other than those
specifically set in this Section and to the extent permitted by law specifically
disclaim  all others,  including  merchantability  and fitness for a  particular
purpose.

5.4. No  Additional  Warranties.  SDC shall make no warranties on behalf of
MSTR and agrees to  indemnify  and hold MSTR  harmless  from any claims based on
warranties given in violation of this Agreement.

4
<PAGE>

6.  Indemnification

6.1   Indemnification  of SDC.  MSTR  shall  defend and  indemnify  SDC,
against and hold SDC harmless  from any and all claims that the  MicroStrategy
Platform  infringes  a United  States  patent or  copyright  of a third  party
provided  that SDC: (i) promptly  notifies  MSTR in writing of any such claim;
(ii)  allows  MSTR  to have  sole  control  of the  defense  and  all  related
settlement  negotiations;  and  (iii)  provides  MSTR  with  the  information,
authority and assistance  necessary to perform MSTR's  obligations  under this
Section.  In the event  the  MicroStrategy  Platform  is held or  believed  to
infringe,  MSTR may,  at its sole  option:  (i)  obtain  for SDC a license  to
continue using the MicroStrategy  Platform product, (ii) replace or modify the
MicroStrategy   Platform  product  so  that  it  becomes  noninfringing  while
retaining  substantially  similar  functionality;  or (iii) if neither (i) nor
(ii) can be  reasonably  effected  by MSTR,  credit to SDC the prices paid for
the MicroStrategy  Platform product during the twelve (12) months prior to the
credit,  provided  that such  MicroStrategy  Platform  product are returned to
MSTR  in an  undamaged  condition  and  all  licenses  to  such  MicroStrategy
Platform product are terminated.

6.2   Excluded  Claims.  Notwithstanding  Section 6.1 above,  MSTR shall
not  be  liable  to  SDC  for  any  claim  arising  from  or  based  upon  the
combination,  operation  or use of any  MicroStrategy  Platform  product  with
equipment,  data  or  programming  not  supplied  by MSTR  (including  the SDC
software and  services) or for other than an intended  purpose as set forth in
the User Documentation,  or arising from any alteration or modification of the
MicroStrategy  Platform  product,  if the claim would not have arisen  without
such alteration or modification.

6.3   Indemnification  of MSTR.  SDC shall  defend  and  indemnify  MSTR
(including  paying all  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and costs of  litigation)
against  and hold MSTR  harmless  from any and all  claims by any other  party
resulting   from   SDC's   negligent   or   tortious   acts,    omissions   or
misrepresentations  relating  to the  marketing,  sublicensing,  distribution,
demonstration,  evaluation  or  use of the  MicroStrategy  Platform  products,
regardless  of the form of action  provided that MSTR:  (i) promptly  notifies
SDC in writing of any such claim;  (ii) allows SDC to have sole control of the
defense and all related settlement  negotiations;  and (iii) provides SDC with
the  information,   authority  and  assistance   necessary  to  perform  SDC's
obligations under this Section.

7.    Limitation of Liability

EXCEPT FOR BREACHES OF SECTIONS 2 AND 4 HEREOF,  IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER
PARTY BE  LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY  CONSEQUENTIAL,  INCIDENTAL  OR  SPECIAL
DAMAGES,  INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, LOSS OF
COMPUTER  TIME,  DESTRUCTION  OR DAMAGE OF RECORDS,  WHETHER  SUCH CLAIM IS IN
CONTRACT OR IN TORT,  EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN  ADVISED OF THE  POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGES.

The provisions of this Agreement allocate the risks between  MicroStrategy and
SDC.  MicroStrategy's  pricing  reflects  this  allocation  of  risk  and  the
limitation of liability specified in this Agreement.

5
<PAGE>

8.    Termination

8.1  Termination.  The  Agreement  will  terminate  at  the  option  of the
non-breaching  Party upon  thirty  (30) days  written  notice if the other Party
breaches or defaults on any material  obligation  under this Agreement and fails
to cure such breach or default during such 30-day period.

8.2 Obligation Upon Termination.  Upon termination of this Agreement,  each
Party shall  promptly  return to the other all  Confidential  Information of the
other Party then in its possession.

8.3 Survival. Sections 4, 5, 6, 8.3, and 9 shall survive any termination,
expiration or cancellation of this Agreement.


9.    Dispute Resolution

9.1   General Provisions.

(a)   If a dispute arises out of or relates to this Agreement,  or
the breach,  termination or validity thereof,  the parties agree to submit the
dispute to a sole  mediator  selected  by the  parties  or, at any time at the
option  of a party,  to  mediation  by the  American  Arbitration  Association
("AAA").  If not  thus  resolved,  it shall  be  referred  to a panel of three
arbitrators  selected by the parties within thirty (30) days of the mediation,
or in the  absence  of such  selection,  to AAA  arbitration  which  shall  be
governed by the United  States  Arbitration  Act. The ruling of any such panel
shall be binding.

(b)   Any award made (i) shall be an award  affording  such remedy
as is deemed  equitable,  just and  within the scope of this  Agreement;  (ii)
shall be with  findings  as to issues  (including  but not  limited  to patent
validity  and/or  infringement)  or a statement of the  reasoning on which the
award  rests;  (iii)  may  in  appropriate  circumstances  include  injunctive
relief;  (iv) shall be made within four (4) months of the  appointment  of the
arbitrator; and (v) may be entered in any court.

(c)   The requirement  for mediation and arbitration  shall not be
deemed a waiver of any  right of  termination  under  this  Agreement  and the
arbitrator  is now  empowered to act or make any award other than based solely
on the rights and obligations of the parties prior to any such termination.

(d)   The arbitrator shall determine  issues of arbitrability  but
may not limit, expand or otherwise modify the terms of this Agreement.

(e)   This Agreement  shall be interpreted in accordance  with the
laws  of the  Commonwealth  of  Virginia  exclusive  of its  conflict  of laws
provisions and the place of mediation and arbitration shall be Fairfax County.

(f)   Each party shall bear its own expenses but those  related to
the  compensation  and expenses of the mediator and arbitrator  shall be borne
equally.

6
<PAGE>

9.2 Relationship Between Parties. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall
be construed as creating a joint  venture,  partnership,  agency,  or employment
relationship  between the Parties, and neither Party will have the right to bind
the other or incur any  obligation  on the  other's  behalf  without the other's
prior written consent.

9.3   Waiver.  The  failure  of  either  Party  to  exercise  any  right
granted herein or to require any  performance of any term of this Agreement or
the waiver by either Party of any breach of this Agreement,  shall not prevent
a subsequent  exercise or enforcement of the term or be deemed a waiver of any
subsequent breach of the same or any other term of this Agreement.

9.4 Headings. The section headings appearing in this Agreement are inserted
only as a  matter  of  convenience  and in no way  define,  limit,  construe  or
describe  the scope or intent of any such  section  nor in any way  affect  this
Agreement.

9.5 Assignment.  Neither party may assign this Agreement  without the prior
written  consent  of the  other  party.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing  to the
contrary,  either party may assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder to
any one or more of its  Subsidiaries.  Each  party  acknowledges  that it  shall
continue to be  obligated if and to the extent that a permitted  assignee  under
this paragraph  fails to perform the  obligations  that such party has assigned.
Any attempted assignment in violation of this paragraph without consent shall be
null and void

9.6 Export Control.  The Parties  acknowledge  that the distribution of the
Software,  any derivative works thereof, and any technical data related thereto,
is subject to the export control laws of the United States of America, including
the U.S.  Bureau of Export  Administration  regulations,  as  amended,  and each
hereby  agrees to obey any and all such laws.  The Parties agree not to take any
actions  that would  cause  either  Party to violate  the U.S.  Foreign  Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

9.7   U.S. Government  Restricted Rights.  Products acquired with United
States Federal  Government  funds or intended for use within or for any United
States  federal  agency are provided  with  "LIMITED  RIGHTS" and  "RESTRICTED
RIGHTS" as defined in DFARS 252.227-7013 and/or FAR 52.227-19.

9.8 Entire  Agreement.  This  Agreement  and the exhibits  attached  hereto
constitute  the  complete,  final and  exclusive  understanding  of the  Parties
regarding the subject matter hereof and cancels and supersedes any and all prior
negotiations,  correspondence,  understandings  and agreements,  whether oral or
written, between the Parties respecting the subject matter thereof.

In Witness  whereof,  the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the Effective Date.

MicroStrategy Incorporated                Strategy.com Incorporated
Signed: /s/Eric F. Brown                  Signed: /s/Eric F. Brown
Name:   Eric F. Brown                     Name:   Eric F. Brown
Title:  CFO                               Title:  CFO
Dated:  10/17/2000                        Dated:  10/17/2000


7
<PAGE>

