










International Software License Agreement

This International  Software License Agreement (the "Agreement") is made by
and between MicroStrategy International II Limited, a Bermuda corporation ("MSTR
International II") and Strategy.com International Limited, a Bermuda corporation
("SDC  International").  The effective date of this Agreement  shall be the date
last signed below (the "Effective Date").

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS,  MicroStrategy Incorporated and certain of its subsidiaries desire
to realign their worldwide corporate structure in accordance with their separate
lines of business, the "Strategy.com Business" and the "MicroStrategy Business";
and

WHEREAS,  the entities now enter into various  agreements  and make certain
mutual  promises as described in the "Agreement and Plan of  Reorganization"  by
and  among  MicroStrategy  Incorporated,  MicroStrategy  International  Limited,
MicroStrategy   International  II  Limited,   Strategy.com   Incorporated,   and
Strategy.com  International  Limited dated October 17, 2000 to effectuate  this
realignment and reorganization; and

WHEREAS,  MSTR  International II owns the  international  rights to certain
software  known as the  MicroStrategy  platform (as further  defined  below) and
other technology related to a personalized information network; and

WHEREAS,  SDC International  desires to acquire rights in the MicroStrategy
platform.

NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration of the premises set forth above and the
covenants set forth below,  and other  valuable  consideration,  the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

AGREEMENT
1.    Definitions

As used in this Agreement,  capitalized terms will have the meanings set forth
below.

1.1 "Affiliate" means a company that provides Services to its customers via
an  affiliation  with  SDC  International  and that has  signed  an  affiliation
agreement with SDC International.

1.2  "MicroStrategy  Platform" means all existing and future  MicroStrategy
products that are made generally  available by MSTR  International II including,
without limitation,  the portions of MicroStrategy E-Business platforms known as
MicroStrategy  6.0 and  MicroStrategy  7.0 (or any  derivative  works  thereof),
MicroStrategy  Intelligence  Server,  MicroStrategy  Web  Server,  MicroStrategy
Broadcast  Server,   MicroStrategy   Architect,   MicroStrategy   Administrator,
MicroStrategy Agent, MicroStrategy Web, MicroStrategy InfoCenter,  MicroStrategy
Transactor,    MicroStrategy   Broadcaster,    MicroStrategy   Telecaster,   the
MicroStrategy Software Development

1
<PAGE>

Kit  (SDK)  and  the   MicroStrategy   eCRM  6   application   owned  by  MSTR
International  II. The MSTR  International  II Products shall  include,  at no
charge to SDC International,  all upgrades and bug fixes as are made generally
available through MicroStrategy technical support.

1.3  "Intellectual  Property  (IP) Rights"  means all patents,  copyrights,
trade names,  trademarks,  trade  secrets,  or any other  intellectual  property
rights, whether registered or unregistered essential to undertake the activities
licensed hereunder.

1.4 "Services" means syndicated information services covering a broad range
of content  distributed  to users  through a network of  affiliates,  as well as
offering  targeted  advertising  and  e-commerce  offers to consumers  through a
network of affiliates or through a specific  affiliate and offering reporting on
subscriber  information.  Services  may also mean the  provision  of  customized
services to a specific affiliate using any combination of syndicated data and/or
data provided by the affiliate and the information is sent by SDC  International
directly to consumers on behalf of the affiliate.  Services specifically exclude
the ability of SDC International to host  applications  (e.g., eCRM applications
and  business  intelligence  applications)  that analyze  customer  data that is
unrelated  to  Subscription  Data  and  that  would  essentially   compete  with
MicroStrategy's  products and offerings.  Subscription  Data is any  information
about a subscriber that is collected as a part of delivering the Services.

1.5  "Software"  means  those  certain  software  modules  that make up the
MicroStrategy Platform, and any related technical documentation.

1.6  "Subsidiary"  means a  corporation  or  other  legal  entity:  (i) the
majority of whose  shares or other  securities  entitled to vote for election of
directors (or other managing  authority) is now or hereafter  controlled by such
company either directly or indirectly;  or (ii) which does not have  outstanding
publicly  traded  shares  or  securities  but the  majority  of whose  ownership
interest representing the right to manage such corporation or other legal entity
is now or hereafter  owned and  controlled  by such company  either  directly or
indirectly;  but any such  corporation or the other legal entity shall be deemed
to be a Subsidiary of such company only as long as such control or ownership and
control exists.

1.7 "Territory" shall mean the world, except for the United States.

2.    License Grants

2.1  Object  Code  License.  Subject  to the terms and  conditions  of this
Agreement,   MSTR   International  II  hereby  grants  to  SDC  International  a
nonexclusive, nontransferable, royalty-free license, without right of sublicense
except as set forth in Section 2.2 below,  to make,  use, and provide  access to
the Software (in  machine-executable  object code form only) only for use within
SDC  International's  normal  business  operations  to support  and  operate the
Services  and for  SDC  International's  internal  business  intelligence  needs
outside of the United States.

2.2 License  Restrictions.  SDC International shall not authorize others to
reverse  compile,  reverse  engineer or  otherwise  disassemble  the Software or
derivative works of the Software.  SDC  International  agrees to take no actions
inconsistent  with or  exceeding  the  scope of the  license  grant set forth in
Sections 2.1 and 2.2. Specifically, SDC International shall not permit any third
party access to the Source Code of the Software. Except for the rights expressly
granted in this  Agreement,  all  rights to the  Software  and any  Intellectual
Property Rights therein

2
<PAGE>

are  reserved  by  MSTR  International  II.  When  SDC  International  makes the
Software  available to a third party as part of the Services,  SDC International
must do so solely through a written  sublicense  agreement,  either in a written
form or a "click-wrap"  form ("User License  Agreement"),  which shall be in the
form provided by  MicroStrategy  or in a form prepared by SDC  International  so
long  as  such  User  License  Agreement  includes,  at a  minimum,  contractual
provisions at least as restrictive as the following, which:

(a)   Disclaim  MicroStrategy's  liability  for  damages,  whether
direct or indirect,  incidental or consequential,  arising from the use of the
Software.
(b)   Require end users to use a  commercially  reasonable  degree
of  care  to  protect  the  Confidential   Information  of  MicroStrategy  and
prohibit  Users  from,  directly  or  indirectly,  (1) using any  Confidential
Information of MicroStrategy  to create any computer  software program or user
documentation which is substantially  similar to any Software, or (2) using or
disclosing Confidential Information of MicroStrategy.

(c)   The User License Agreement shall not cause  MicroStrategy to
be liable for any taxes or duties,  however  designated  or levied  (including
but not limited to sales, use and personal property).

(d)   Notwithstanding  any provisions to the contrary contained in
this Agreement and for the avoidance of doubt,  SDC  International  shall have
the right to use and/or  sublicense  the  Software  solely for the  purpose of
licensing or offering the  Services as defined in the  International  Software
Licensing  agreement to a third party that relicenses the Services for example
an OEM relationship.

MicroStrategy  reserves  the right to amend the minimum  required  contractual
provisions  set forth in this Section upon ninety (90) days'  advance  written
notice,  provided  such  amended  provisions  shall apply only to User License
Agreements  executed by SDC International  subsequent to the expiration of the
ninety (90)-day notice period.

2.3   Assignment  and Transfer.  SDC  International  may not assign this
Agreement or transfer  Software to an Affiliate  without prior written consent
of MicroStrategy.

2.4   Audit.

(a)   Certification.   At  MicroStrategy's  written  request,  not
more  frequently  than  once  per  year,  SDC   International   shall  furnish
MicroStrategy  with a signed  certification  verifying  that the  Software  is
being used pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

(b)   Audit.   MicroStrategy  may,  at  its  expense,   audit  SDC
International's  use of the  Products.  Any  such  audit  shall  be  conducted
during regular business hours at SDC International's  facilities and shall not
unreasonably interfere with SDC International's business activities.

3
<PAGE>


3.    Ownership.

3.1 Ownership.  As between SDC International and MSTR International II, SDC
International  acknowledges that MSTR International II owns all right, title and
interest in the MicroStrategy Platform.

3.2 Proprietary Rights Notices.  SDC International shall not alter, obscure
or  remove  any  copyright  notices  or any  other  proprietary  rights  notices
incorporated in the Software delivered to SDC International.


4.    Confidentiality

The parties  agree to treat all  confidential  information  exchanged by
the  parties  as  confidential  as  set  forth  in  the  International  Mutual
Non-Disclosure  Agreement in effect  between the parties and  incorporated  in
this Agreement by reference.

5.    Warranty

5.1 Limited  Exclusivity.  MSTR International II warrants that for a period
of three years from the  execution  of this  Agreement  it will not both grant a
software license and provide MSTR International II consulting  services pursuant
to which MSTR  International  II builds an application for a customer that would
allow the non-MSTR  International II controlled  entity to compete directly with
Strategy.com  as a provider of syndicated  information  services to a network of
affiliates.  MSTR  International  II further warrants that for a period of three
years from the  execution  of this  Agreement,  it will not create a  syndicated
information  service  for  distribution  through a network  of  affiliates  that
competes directly with the Services.

5.2 Rights Ownership. MSTR International II warrants that it owns, free and
clear of all liens or  encumbrances,  or has valid  licenses in the Software and
that it has  full  legal  right  to  grant  to SDC  International  the  licenses
contained herein.

5.3 Disclaimer of Warranties.  MSTR  International  II offers no warranties
other than those specifically set in this Section and to the extent permitted by
law specifically disclaim all others, including  merchantability and fitness for
a particular purpose.

5.4 No Additional Warranties. SDC International shall make no warranties on
behalf  of  MSTR  International  II  and  agrees  to  indemnify  and  hold  MSTR
International II harmless from any claims based on warranties given in violation
of this Agreement.


6.  INDEMNIFICATION

6.1  Indemnification  of SDC  International.  MSTR  International  II shall
defend and  indemnify  SDC  International,  against  and hold SDC  International
harmless  from any and all claims that the  MicroStrategy  Platform  infringes a
United  States  patent  or  copyright  of  a  third  party   provided  that  SDC
International:  (i) promptly  notifies MSTR  International  II in writing of any
such  claim;  (ii)  allows  MSTR  International  II to have sole  control of the
defense  and all  related  settlement  negotiations;  and  (iii)  provides  MSTR
International  II with the  information,  authority and assistance  necessary to
perform MSTR International II's obligations under this Section. In the event the
MicroStrategy  Platform is held or believed to infringe,  MSTR  International II
may, at

4
<PAGE>

its  sole  option:  (i) obtain  for   SDC  International  a  license to continue
using  the  MicroStrategy   Platform   product,   (ii)  replace  or  modify  the
MicroStrategy  Platform product so that it becomes noninfringing while retaining
substantially  similar  functionality;  or (iii) if neither  (i) nor (ii) can be
reasonably  effected by MSTR  International  II, credit to SDC International the
prices paid for the MicroStrategy Platform product during the twelve (12) months
prior to the  credit,  provided  that such  MicroStrategy  Platform  product are
returned to MSTR International II in an undamaged  condition and all licenses to
such MicroStrategy Platform product are terminated.

6.2 Excluded Claims.  Notwithstanding Section 6.1 above, MSTR International
II shall not be liable to SDC  International for any claim arising from or based
upon the  combination,  operation or use of any  MicroStrategy  Platform product
with  equipment,  data or  programming  not  supplied by MSTR  International  II
(including  the SDC  International  software and  services) or for other than an
intended  purpose as set forth in the User  Documentation,  or arising  from any
alteration or modification of the MicroStrategy  Platform product,  if the claim
would not have arisen without such alteration or modification.

6.3  Indemnification  of MSTR  International  II. SDC  International  shall
defend and indemnify  MSTR  International  II (including  paying all  reasonable
attorneys' fees and costs of litigation)  against and hold MSTR International II
harmless  from  any and  all  claims  by any  other  party  resulting  from  SDC
International's  negligent or tortious  acts,  omissions  or  misrepresentations
relating to the marketing, sublicensing, distribution, demonstration, evaluation
or use of the MicroStrategy Platform products,  regardless of the form of action
provided that MSTR  International II: (i) promptly notifies SDC International in
writing of any such claim; (ii) allows SDC International to have sole control of
the defense and all related  settlement  negotiations;  and (iii)  provides  SDC
International  with the  information,  authority  and  assistance  necessary  to
perform SDC International's obligations under this Section.

7.    Limitation of Liability

EXCEPT FOR BREACHES OF SECTIONS 2 AND 4 HEREOF,  IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER
PARTY BE  LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY  CONSEQUENTIAL,  INCIDENTAL  OR  SPECIAL
DAMAGES,  INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, LOSS OF
COMPUTER  TIME,  DESTRUCTION  OR DAMAGE OF RECORDS,  WHETHER  SUCH CLAIM IS IN
CONTRACT OR IN TORT,  EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN  ADVISED OF THE  POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGES.

The   provisions   of  this   Agreement   allocate  the  risks   between  MSTR
International  II and  SDC  International.  MSTR  International  II's  pricing
reflects this allocation of risk and the limitation of liability  specified in
this Agreement.

8.    Termination

8.1  Termination.  The  Agreement  will  terminate  at  the  option  of the
non-breaching  Party upon  thirty  (30) days  written  notice if the other Party
breaches or defaults on any material

5
<PAGE>

obligation  under this Agreement and fails to cure such breach or default during
such 30-day period.

8.2 Obligation Upon Termination.  Upon termination of this Agreement,  each
Party shall  promptly  return to the other all  Confidential  Information of the
other Party then in its possession.

8.3 Survival.  Sections 4, 5, 6, 8.3, and 9 shall survive any  termination,
expiration or cancellation of this Agreement.


9.    General Provisions.

9.1   Dispute Resolution.

(a)   If a dispute arises out of or relates to this Agreement,  or
the breach,  termination or validity thereof,  the parties agree to submit the
dispute to a sole  mediator  selected  by the  parties  or, at any time at the
option  of a party,  to  mediation  by the  American  Arbitration  Association
("AAA").  If not  thus  resolved,  it shall  be  referred  to a panel of three
arbitrators  selected by the parties within thirty (30) days of the mediation,
or in the  absence  of such  selection,  to AAA  arbitration  which  shall  be
governed by the United  States  Arbitration  Act. The ruling of any such panel
shall be binding.

(b)   Any award made (i) shall be an award  affording  such remedy
as is deemed  equitable,  just and  within the scope of this  Agreement;  (ii)
shall be with  findings  as to issues  (including  but not  limited  to patent
validity  and/or  infringement)  or a statement of the  reasoning on which the
award  rests;  (iii)  may  in  appropriate  circumstances  include  injunctive
relief;  (iv) shall be made within four (4) months of the  appointment  of the
arbitrator; and (v) may be entered in any court.

(c)   The requirement  for mediation and arbitration  shall not be
deemed a waiver of any  right of  termination  under  this  Agreement  and the
arbitrator  is now  empowered to act or make any award other than based solely
on the rights and obligations of the parties prior to any such termination.

(d)   The arbitrator shall determine  issues of arbitrability  but
may not limit, expand or otherwise modify the terms of this Agreement.

(e)   This Agreement  shall be interpreted in accordance  with the
laws  of the  Commonwealth  of  Virginia  exclusive  of its  conflict  of laws
provisions and the place of mediation and arbitration shall be Fairfax County.

(f)   Each party shall bear its own expenses but those  related to
the  compensation  and expenses of the mediator and arbitrator  shall be borne
equally.

9.2 Relationship Between Parties. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall
be construed as creating a joint  venture,  partnership,  agency,  or employment
relationship  between the Parties, and neither Party will have the right to bind
the other or incur any obligation on the

6
<PAGE>

other's behalf without the other's prior written consent.

9.3 Waiver.  The  failure of either  Party to  exercise  any right  granted
herein or to require any performance of any term of this Agreement or the waiver
by either Party of any breach of this Agreement,  shall not prevent a subsequent
exercise  or  enforcement  of the term or be deemed a waiver  of any  subsequent
breach of the same or any other term of this Agreement.

9.4 Headings. The section headings appearing in this Agreement are inserted
only as a  matter  of  convenience  and in no way  define,  limit,  construe  or
describe  the scope or intent of any such  section  nor in any way  affect  this
Agreement.

9.5 Assignment.  Neither party may assign this Agreement  without the prior
written  consent  of the  other  party.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing  to the
contrary,  either party may assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder to
any one or more of its  Subsidiaries.  Each  party  acknowledges  that it  shall
continue to be  obligated if and to the extent that a permitted  assignee  under
this paragraph  fails to perform the  obligations  that such party has assigned.
Any attempted assignment in violation of this paragraph without consent shall be
null and void.

9.6 Entire  Agreement.  This  Agreement  and the exhibits  attached  hereto
constitute  the  complete,  final and  exclusive  understanding  of the  Parties
regarding the subject matter hereof and cancels and supersedes any and all prior
negotiations,  correspondence,  understandings  and agreements,  whether oral or
written, between the Parties respecting the subject matter thereof.

In Witness  whereof,  the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the Effective Date.

MicroStrategy International II Limited      Strategy.com International Limited

Signed: /s/Eric F. Brown                  Signed: /s/Eric F. Brown
Name:   Eric F. Brown                     Name:   Eric F. Brown
Title:  CFO/Director                     Title:   CFO/Director
Dated:  10/17/2000                       Dated:   10/17/2000

7
<PAGE>

