











Exhibit 99.22





AMENDED AND RESTATED TEAM SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT





This AMENDED AND RESTATED SOFTWARE
LICENSE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is dated as of February 1,
2006 (the “Effective Date”) and is made by and between ROCKY
MOUNTAIN SUPPORT SERVICES, INC., an Arizona corporation, (“RMSS”)
and FIDELITY NATIONAL TAX SERVICE, INC., a
California corporation (“Licensee”).





WHEREAS,
the parties previously entered into a TEAM Software License Agreement dated as
of March 4, 2005 (the “Prior License Agreement”) with respect to the use
of certain software and the provision of certain services, as more fully
described herein; and





WHEREAS,
in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September 14, 2005 (as amended,
the “Certegy Merger Agreement”), among Certegy Inc.  (“Certegy”), C Co Merger Sub, LLC (“Merger Co”),
and Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (“FNI Co”), including the
effectiveness of the merger of FNI Co with and into Merger Co (the “Merger”)
with Merger Co (which will thereafter be known as “Fidelity National
Information Services, LLC”) as the surviving entity, the parties wish to amend
and restate the Prior License Agreement in its entirety;





NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, and of the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:





1.             DEFINITIONS.





As used in this Agreement:





1.1          “Assistance” shall mean installation, conversion planning,
conversion, consulting assistance, workshops, training or education classes
performed by RMSS, or other functions mutually agreed to be “Assistance” by
Licensee and RMSS.





1.2          “Base Modification” shall mean any Modification which RMSS, in
its sole discretion, has incorporated into the base version of the RMSS
Software which RMSS makes available to itself and other subsidiaries of
Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (“FNF”).





1.3          “Competitor” shall mean a natural or legal person offering a product that competes with RMSS
Software.





1.4          “Custom Modification” shall mean any Modification to the RMSS
Software other than a Base Modification.





1




















1.5          “Days” shall mean calendar days, unless otherwise
specified.





1.6          “Defect” shall mean any failure, malfunction, defect
or non-conformity in the RMSS Software that prevents the RMSS Software in any
material respect from operating and performing in accordance with the
Documentation.





1.7          “Documentation” shall mean RMSS’s standard operating
instructions relating to the RMSS Software, consisting of one copy of the
object code form of the RMSS Software; a copy of manuals consisting of
instructions and procedures for systems and operations personnel and end users
of RMSS Software, if any, and related documentation, if any. RMSS will deliver
the Documentation to Licensee in paper form, on CD ROM or electronically, at
RMSS’s discretion (except that RMSS Software shall be delivered on machine
readable media). Licensee acknowledges that not all items of Documentation are
available in all forms of media. RMSS shall have the right to change the medium
upon which the Documentation is delivered to Licensee without notice to
Licensee. Upon electronic delivery of Documentation, any obligation of RMSS to
deliver multiple numbers of copies of such Documentation to Licensee shall have
no further force or effect.





1.8          “Escalation Procedures” shall mean the procedures set forth in Section 11.2
of this Agreement.





1.9          “Licensee Server Software” shall mean those applications set forth in Section 1.3
of Exhibit A hereto.





1.10        “Maintenance” shall mean the services described in Exhibit B
hereto.





1.11        “Maintenance Release” shall mean the current Release of the RMSS
Software and the immediately prior Release (provided that such Releases have
been made available to Licensee), and shall also include, at any given time,
each Release delivered to Licensee within the prior two years.





1.12        “Modification” shall mean any customization, enhancement,
modification or change made to the RMSS Software authored by or for RMSS under
this Agreement.





1.13        “PC Software” shall mean those personal computer-based
applications developed by RMSS that are set forth in Section 1.2 of Exhibit A.





1.14        “Proprietary Information” shall mean all information disclosed by or
for Licensee or RMSS to the other during the negotiations hereof and/or learned
by reason of the relationship established hereunder or pursuant hereto,
including, without limitation, the RMSS Software, Documentation, Releases,
Modifications and all information, data and designs related thereto.
Information relating to each party’s business, plans, affiliates or customers
shall also be deemed “Proprietary Information” for purposes of the Agreement. “Proprietary
Information” shall also





2




















include all “non-public personal information” as
defined in Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. Section 6801,
et seq.) and the implementing regulations thereunder (collectively, the “GLB
Act”), as the same may be amended from time to time, that RMSS receives from or
at the direction of Licensee and that concerns any of Licensee’s “customers”
and/or “consumers” (as defined in the GLB Act).





1.15        “Release” shall mean the Base Modifications, and other
new versions, corrections, revisions, updates, modifications and enhancements
to the RMSS Software and related Documentation.





1.16        “Server” shall mean, for purposes of this Agreement, a
VAX mainframe computer.





1.17        “Subsidiary” shall mean any majority-owned or otherwise
controlled, direct or indirect subsidiary.





1.18        “RMSS Software” shall mean the object code and/or Source
Code of any program or part of a program as described in Exhibit A
licensed hereunder to Licensee but including in all events a product known
between the parties as TEAM. RMSS Software includes all Base Modifications, all
Modifications authored by or for RMSS, and all Releases issued during the term
of Maintenance under this Agreement.





1.19        “Source Code” of RMSS Software shall
mean a copy of the source code (or comparable high level coding) for the RMSS
Software, if and to the extent RMSS has or retains any such code, including any
annotations therein, certified by RMSS to Licensee, upon delivery to Licensee,
as an accurate copy of such source code for RMSS Software as RMSS has in its
possession.





1.20        “Third Party Software” shall mean those third party applications provided
by RMSS that are set forth in Section 1.4 of Exhibit A.





1.21        “Use Limitations” shall mean the use by Licensee of the RMSS
Software by no more than the number of Users specified herein.





1.22        “User” shall mean an individual authorized to use
the Licensee Server Software, and the specific Users and number of Users may be
changed from time to time upon request of Licensee.





2.             GRANT OF LICENSE.





2.1          Grant.  Subject to Licensee’s full payment, as due, of fees listed in Exhibit C,
RMSS hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee accepts from RMSS, a world-wide
nonexclusive, perpetual, irrevocable right and object code license (except as





3




















otherwise provided for in Section 3 below) to use
the RMSS Software and Documentation, subject to the restrictions and
obligations set forth herein.





2.2          Delivery.
Licensee acknowledges and agrees that it has received, prior to the
Effective Date, delivery of the RMSS Software in object code form and the
Documentation.





3.             SOURCE CODE DELIVERY





3.1          Duty to Deliver.  Under the circumstances listed in Section 3.2 below, solely for purposes of integration,
maintenance, modification and enhancement of Licensee’s installation(s) of RMSS
Software, RMSS shall promptly deliver to Licensee a copy of Source Code, which
shall be subject to all of the license terms and restrictions applicable to the
RMSS Software.





3.2          Conditions.  RMSS’s duty of delivery of Source Code as described above shall be
immediately due and enforceable in equity upon any of these circumstances:





(a)           RMSS has given
notice to Licensee under terms of Maintenance that RMSS shall cease, or RMSS
has ceased, (i) providing Maintenance generally or (ii) supporting
any part of RMSS Software, and in the event of notice of future termination,
such termination (whenever notice is given) shall be effective within twelve
months.





(b)           RMSS shall
apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, or liquidator
of all or a substantial part of its assets, file a voluntary petition in
bankruptcy, make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, file a
petition or an answer seeking reorganization or arrangement with creditors or
take advantage of any insolvency law, or if an order, judgment or decree shall
be entered by any court of competent jurisdiction, on the application of a
creditor, adjudicating RMSS as bankrupt or insolvent or approving a petition
seeking reorganization of RMSS or appointing a receiver, trustee, or liquidator
of RMSS or of all or substantial part of its assets, and such order, judgment
or decree shall continue unstayed and in effect for any period of thirty (30)
consecutive Days.





(c)           RMSS shall be
in breach of any material covenant herein or under Maintenance which, following
notice of breach in reasonable detail from Licensee, is not cured within thirty
(30) Days. To the extent the breach relates to Maintenance on a specific module
or separable component of RMSS Software, the duty of Source Code delivery shall
be limited to the Source Code for such specific module or separable component.





4




















(d)           Licensee shall
have requested development or integration services with respect to RMSS
Software which RMSS is unable or unwilling to provide or as to which the
parties cannot timely come to commercial terms.





(i)            To the extent
the integration or development relates to a specific module or separable
component of RMSS Software, the duty of Source Code delivery shall be limited
to the Source Code for such specific module or separable component.





(ii)           In the event of
delivery of Source Code by RMSS under this subsection (d), upon Licensee’s
completion of its development or integration effort, equating generally to the
same scope of work that RMSS was requested to perform but did not perform, it
will provide to RMSS a copy of the source code for the development or
enhancement, including any annotations therein, certifying same as complete and
accurate and, without further formality, RMSS shall be deemed granted a license
to use that source code developed by Licensee or its non-Competitor
contractors, solely for maintenance or further development of the RMSS Software
as implemented for Licensee and for no other use or beneficiary.





(iii)          Six (6) months
following the delivery by Licensee to RMSS of source code for Licensee’s
developments or enhancements under Section 3.2(d)(ii), RMSS may request
that Licensee certify, and Licensee will promptly certify to RMSS, that
Licensee has destroyed all copies of (x) Source Code delivered to it by
RMSS 3.2(d) and (y) all copies of the source code for Licensee’s
development or enhancement - except two hard copy prints of source code for
Licensee’s development or enhancement for proof of authorship; provided,
however, that the six (6) month limitation above shall not apply in
the event that the development of Release 1.0 of the eLender Solutions software
under the Amended and Restated eLender Solutions Software Development and
Property Allocation Agreement dated as of November 22, 2005 is not
completed on the scheduled completion date and Accepted under the terms of that
agreement, and in such event, the RMSS’ request for certification under this section 3.2(d)(iii) may
not be made until such Release 1.0 is completed and Accepted.





(iv)          Licensee’s
right to obtain access to Source Code pursuant to this Section 3.2(d) may
be invoked at any time and from time to time, regardless of the continuity of
Maintenance.





5




















4.             SOFTWARE USE RESTRICTIONS.





4.1          Restrictions on RMSS Software.





(a)           Licensee may not use the RMSS Software in a
service bureau or in a time share arrangement.





(b)           Licensee may not sell, lease, assign,
transfer, distribute or sublicense the RMSS Software or Documentation, to any
party that is not a Subsidiary of Licensee. Licensee may not sell, lease,
assign, transfer, distribute or sublicense the Source Code to any person or
entity at any time, except that Licensee may sublicense the Source Code to a
Subsidiary of Certegy, as necessary to exercise Licensee’s rights to modify and
create derivative works of the RMSS Software and Documentation.





(c)           Licensee shall use RMSS Software subject to
the Use Limitations.





(d)           Licensee will not make copies, or similar
versions of the RMSS Software or any part thereof without the prior written
consent of RMSS, except in the process of contemplated use, for administrative,
archival or disaster recovery backup, and as expressly provided otherwise
herein.





(e)           Licensee may not provide copies of the RMSS
Software to any person, firm, or corporation not permitted hereunder except as
permitted under Sections 4.1(b) and (d) above, and except as to
Licensee’s non-Competitor contractors or subcontractors who have executed
nondisclosure terms consistent with the confidentiality terms herein.





(f)            Licensee shall not allow any third party to
use or have access to the RMSS Software for any purpose without RMSS’s prior
written consent except as permitted under Sections 4.1 (b) and (d) above,
and except as to Licensee’s non-Competitor contractors or subcontractors who
have executed nondisclosure terms consistent with the confidentiality terms
herein,.





(g)           Licensee agrees not to disclose, decompile,
disassemble or reverse engineer the RMSS Software.





4.2          Additional Restrictions on PC Software.





(a)           Except as specifically set forth herein, all
other restrictions on use, copying or disclosure of the RMSS Software and
Licensee’s agreement to maintain the confidentiality thereof shall apply to the
PC Software and its Documentation.





(b)           Licensee may
not modify the PC Software (although RMSS may do so on Licensee’s behalf.)





6




















5.             TERM; TERMINATION





5.1           The term of
license shall be perpetual subject to termination in accordance with the terms
herein.





5.2           Licensee may
terminate the license for convenience upon no less than ninety (90) Days prior
written notice to RMSS.





5.3           A license
enjoyed by a Subsidiary of FNIS shall terminate without further formality upon
such entity’s ceasing to be a Subsidiary of FNIS.  A license enjoyed by a Subsidiary of Licensee
shall terminate without further formality upon the six month anniversary date
after such entity’s ceasing to be a Subsidiary of Licensee.  Licensee shall cause such Subsidiary to agree
to migrate its data off the RMSS Software and on to an alternative product
during the above described six month period.
In any event, if the Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary of a Competitor,
the license to the Subsidiary shall terminate immediately.





5.4           In the event
Licensee or a Licensee Subsidiary discloses any of the RMSS Software or any
material part of the Documentation to a Competitor, then RMSS upon thirty Days
prior written notice to Licensee, may terminate the license with respect to
that portion relating to the RMSS Software and Documentation provided to such Competitor
if Licensee on its own does not (or if Licensee does not cause its Subsidiary
to) discontinue disclosure of the RMSS Software and Documentation to such
Competitor within thirty Days following Licensee’s receipt of RMSS’ written
notice.  Any such termination shall be
effective upon the expiration of the cure period.  The foregoing is intended to apply only to
the remedy of termination.  RMSS shall retain the right to pursue any other
remedies in the event Licensee or its Subsidiary makes an unauthorized
disclosure to a Competitor, including injunctive relief or recovery of damages,
and, depending on the nature of the disclosure, requesting that Licensee
undertake other measures in addition to simply discontinuing
disclosure to the Competitor.





5.5           In the event of
termination of the license for any reason, Licensee and/or its Subsidiary, as
applicable, shall promptly cease all use of the relevant RMSS Software, delete
from its systems all copies of the relevant RMSS Software, and within thirty
(30) Days of termination, return to RMSS all tangible copies of the relevant
RMSS Software together with certification that is has ceased such use, deleted
such copies and returned such tangible copies as required hereunder.





5.6           Each party
acknowledges and agrees that, in the event of Licensee’s breach or threatened
breach or any provision of Sections 4, 5.3, 5.4, 5.5 or 7, RMSS shall have no
adequate remedy in damages and notwithstanding the dispute resolution
provisions in Section 11 hereof, is entitled to seek an injunction to
prevent such breach or threatened breach; provided, however, no specification
of a particular





7




















legal or equitable remedy is to be construed as a
waiver, prohibition, or limitation of any legal or equitable remedies in the
event of a breach hereof.





6.             INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.





6.1          Ownership
of RMSS Software and Documentation.  From the date
the RMSS Software and Documentation is first disclosed to Licensee, and at all
times thereafter, as between the parties, RMSS and its licensors shall be the
sole and exclusive owners of all right, title, and interest in and to the RMSS
Software, Documentation and all Modifications, including, without limitation,
all intellectual property and other rights related thereto. The parties
acknowledge that this Agreement in no way limits or restricts RMSS and the RMSS
Subsidiaries from developing or marketing on their own or for any third party
in the United States or any other country, the RMSS Software, Documentation or
Modifications, or any similar software (including, but not limited to, any
modification, enhancement, interface, upgrade, change and all software, source code,
blueprints, diagrams, flow charts, specifications, functional descriptions or
training materials relating thereto) without payment of any compensation to
Licensee, or any notice to Licensee.





6.2          Development
Services.  Licensee may
from time to time wish to augment the RMSS product with additional
functionality or utility, or to integrate it with Licensee systems from other
sources, and for such purposes may request the provision of development
services from RMSS.





7.             CONFIDENTIALITY.





7.1          Confidentiality Obligation.  Proprietary Information (i) shall be deemed the property of the
disclosing party (or the party for whom such data was collected or processed,
if any), (ii) shall be used solely for the purposes of administering and
otherwise implementing the terms of this Agreement and any ancillary
agreements, and (iii) shall be protected by the receiving party in
accordance with the terms of this Section 7.





7.2          Non-Disclosure Covenant.  Except as set forth in this Section, neither party shall disclose the
Proprietary Information of the other party in whole or in part, including
derivations, to any third party. If the parties agree to a specific
nondisclosure period for a specific document, the disclosing party shall mark
the document with that nondisclosure period. In the absence of a specific
period, the duty of confidentiality for (a) RMSS Software, Source Code and
related Documentation shall extend in perpetuity and (b) with respect to
any other Proprietary Information shall extend for a period of (5) five
years from disclosure. Proprietary Information shall be held in confidence by
the receiving party and its employees, and shall be disclosed to only those of
the receiving party’s employees and professional advisors who have a need for
it in connection with the administration





8




















and implementation of this Agreement. In no event
shall Licensee disclose RMSS Proprietary Information to a Competitor of RMSS.
Each party shall use the same degree of care and afford the same protections to
the Proprietary Information of the other party as it uses and affords to its
own Proprietary Information.





7.3          Exceptions.  Proprietary Information shall not be deemed proprietary and, subject to
the carve-out below, the receiving party shall have no obligation of
nondisclosure with respect to any such information which:





(i)            is or becomes publicly known
through no wrongful act, fault or negligence of the receiving party;





(ii)           was disclosed to the receiving party by a
third party that was free of obligations of confidentiality to the party
providing the information;





(iii)          is approved for release by written
authorization of the disclosing party;





(iv)          was known to the receiving party prior to
receipt of the information;





(v)           was independently developed by the receiving
party without access to or use of the Proprietary Information of the disclosing
party; or





(vi)          is publicly disclosed pursuant to a
requirement or request of a governmental agency, or disclosure is required by
operation of law.





Notwithstanding application of any of the foregoing
exceptions, in no event shall RMSS treat as other than Proprietary Information,
information comprising nonpublic personal information under the GLB Act.





7.4          Confidentiality of this Agreement; Protective Arrangements.





(a)           The parties acknowledge that this Agreement
contains confidential information that may be considered proprietary by one or
both of the parties, and agree to limit distribution of this Agreement to those
employees of Licensee and RMSS with a need to know the contents of this
Agreement or as required by law or national stock exchange rule. In no event
may this Agreement be reproduced or copies shown to any third parties (except
counsel, auditors and professional advisors) without the prior written consent
of the other party, except as may be necessary by reason of legal, accounting,
tax or regulatory requirements, in which event Licensee and RMSS agree to
exercise reasonable diligence in limiting such disclosure to the minimum
necessary under the particular circumstances.





(b)           In addition, each party shall give notice to
the other party of any demands to disclose or provide Proprietary Information
of the other party under or pursuant to lawful process prior to disclosing or
furnishing such Proprietary Information, and shall cooperate in seeking
reasonable protective arrangements.





9




















8.             CONTINUING UNDERTAKINGS.





During the duration of the license granted
hereunder, RMSS shall offer Maintenance for the RMSS Software for the fees set
forth in Exhibit C hereto. A description of Maintenance services is set
forth in Exhibit B hereto. Any related professional services shall be
performed pursuant to further agreement between the parties.





9.             INVOICING AND PAYMENTS, PAST DUE
AMOUNTS, CURRENCY.





9.1          Invoicing and Payment
Requirements.  RMSS shall invoice for such fees described in
Exhibit C hereto as well as for any expenses and any other applicable
charges incurred and owing hereunder. In accordance with this Section 9.1,
Licensee shall pay RMSS the invoiced amount in full on or prior to thirty (30)
Days after Licensee’s receipt of such invoice unless Licensee notifies RMSS
within such period that it is in good faith disputing RMSS’s invoice. Licensee
shall make all payments to RMSS by check, credit card or wire transfer of
immediately available funds to an account or accounts designated by RMSS. Payment in full shall not preclude later dispute of
charges or adjustment of improper payments.





9.2          Past
Due Amounts.  Any amount not received
or disputed by Licensee by the date payment is due shall be subject to interest
on the overdue balance at a rate equal to the prime rate as published in the
table money rates in the Wall Street Journal on the date of payment (or the
prior date on which the Wall Street Journal was published if not published on
the date of payment), plus one percent from the due date, until paid, applied
to the outstanding balance from time to time. Any amount paid but later deemed
not to have been due, will be repaid or credited with interest on the same
terms.





9.3          Currency.  All fees and charges listed and referred to
in this Agreement are stated in and shall be paid in U.S. Dollars.





10.          ASSISTANCE.





10.1        Basis for Assistance.  Assistance, except to the extent included in Maintenance, is not
included in this Agreement. If Licensee desires to purchase Assistance from
RMSS or a RMSS Subsidiaries, such Assistance shall be provided pursuant to
separate agreement.





11.          DISPUTE RESOLUTION.





11.1        Dispute Resolution Procedures.  If, prior to the termination of this Agreement or the license granted
herein, and prior to notice of termination given by either party to the other,
a dispute arises between RMSS and Licensee with respect to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, or any subject matter governed by this Agreement
(other than disputes regarding a party’s compliance with the provisions





10




















of Sections 4 and/or 7), such dispute shall be settled
as set forth in this Section 10. If either party exercises its right to
initiate the dispute resolution procedures under this Section 11, then
during such procedure any time periods providing for termination of the
Agreement or curing any material breach pursuant to the terms of this Agreement
shall be suspended automatically, except with respect to any termination or
breach arising out of Licensee’s failure to make any undisputed timely and
complete payments to RMSS under this Agreement. At such time as the dispute is
resolved, if such dispute involved the payment of monies, interest at a rate
equal to the prime rate as published in the table money rates in the Wall
Street Journal on the date the dispute is resolved (or the prior date on which the
Wall Street Journal was published if not published on the date the dispute was
resolved) plus one percent for the period of dispute shall be paid to the party
entitled to receive the disputed monies to compensate for the lapsed time
between the date such disputed amount originally was to have been paid (or was
paid) through the date monies are paid (or repaid) in settlement of the
dispute. Disputes arising under Sections 4 or 7 may be resolved by judicial
recourse or in any other manner agreed by the parties.





11.2        Escalation Procedures.





(a)           Each of the parties shall
escalate and negotiate, in good faith, any claim or dispute that has not been
satisfactorily resolved between the parties at the level where the issue is
discovered and has immediate impact (excluding issues of title to work product,
which shall be initially addressed at the general counsel level but otherwise pursuant
to Section 11.2(b) following). To this end, each party shall escalate
any and all unresolved disputes or claims in accordance with this Section 11.2
at any time to persons responsible for the administration of the relationship
reflected in this TEAM Software License Agreement. The location, format,
frequency, duration and conclusion of these elevated discussions shall be left
to the discretion of the representatives involved. If such parties do not
resolve the underlying dispute within ten (10) Days of its escalation to
them, then either party may notify the other in writing that he/she desires to
elevate the dispute or claim to the President of RMSS and the President of
Licensee or their designated representative(s) for resolution.





(b)           Upon receipt by a party of a
written notice escalating the dispute to the company president level, the
President of RMSS and the President of Licensee or their designated
representative(s) shall promptly communicate with his/her counter party,
negotiate in good faith and use reasonable efforts to resolve such dispute or
claim. The location, format, frequency, duration and conclusion of these elevated
discussions shall be left to the discretion of the representatives involved.
Upon agreement, such representatives may utilize other alternative dispute
resolution procedures to assist in the negotiations. If the parties have not
resolved the dispute





11




















within ten (10) Days after receipt of the notice
elevating the dispute to this level, either may once again escalate the dispute
to binding arbitration.





(c)           All discussions and
correspondence among the representatives for purposes of these negotiations
shall be treated as Proprietary Information developed for purposes of
settlement, exempt from discovery and production, which shall not be admissible
in any subsequent proceedings between the parties. Documents identified in or
provided with such communications, which are not prepared for purposes of the
negotiations, are not so exempted and may, if otherwise admissible, be admitted
in evidence in such subsequent proceeding.





11.3        Arbitration Procedures.  If a claim, controversy or dispute between the parties with respect to
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, or any subject matter governed by
this Agreement (and not otherwise excepted), has not been timely resolved
pursuant to the foregoing escalation process, upon notice either party may
initiate binding arbitration of the issue in accordance with the following
procedures.





(a)           Either party may request
arbitration by giving the other party written notice to such effect, which
notice shall describe, in reasonable detail, the nature of the dispute,
controversy or claim. Such arbitration shall be governed by the then current
version of the Commercial Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures of
the American Arbitration Association. The Arbitration will be conducted in
Jacksonville, Florida in front of one mutually agreed upon arbitrator.





(b)           Each party shall bear its
own fees, costs and expenses of the arbitration and its own legal expenses,
attorneys’ fees and costs of all experts and witnesses. Unless the award
provides otherwise, the fees and expenses of the arbitration procedures,
including the fees of the arbitrator or arbitrators, will be shared equally by
the involved parties.





(c)           Any award rendered pursuant
to such arbitration shall be final, conclusive and binding upon the parties,
and any judgment thereon may be entered and enforced in any court of competent
jurisdiction.





11.5        Continuation of Services.  Unless RMSS initiates an action for Licensee’s failure
to make timely and complete payment of undisputed amounts claimed due to RMSS,
RMSS will continue to provide Maintenance under the Maintenance services
agreement, and unless Licensee is unable to lawfully use the RMSS Software and
Modifications thereto, Licensee will continue to make payments of undisputed
amounts to RMSS, in accordance with this Agreement, notwithstanding a dispute
between the parties relating hereto or otherwise.





12




















12.          LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.





12.1        EXCEPT
TO THE EXTENT ARISING FROM GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, BY REASON OF
AN INDEMNITY OBLIGATION HEREUNDER OR BY REASON OF A BREACH OF WARRANTY, EITHER
PARTY’S LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION WHETHER
BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE WHICH ARISES UNDER OR IS RELATED TO THIS
AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE OTHER PARTY’S DIRECT OUT-OF-POCKET DAMAGES,
ACTUALLY INCURRED, WHICH UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL EXCEED, IN THE AGGREGATE,
THE AMOUNT PAID BY LICENSEE TO RMSS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR THE 12-MONTH PERIOD
IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE THE CLAIM AROSE.





12.2        IN NO
EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER OR THE CLAIMS OR DEMANDS MADE
BY ANY THIRD PARTIES, WHETHER OR NOT IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.





12.3        Licensee
Software.  RMSS has no
obligation or liability, either express or implied, with respect to the
compatibility of RMSS Software with any other software unless provided or
specified by RMSS including, but not limited to, Licensee software and/or
Licensee-provided third party software.





13.          INDEMNIFICATION.





13.1        Property
Damage.  Subject to Section 12
hereof, each party agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other and
its officers, directors, employees, and affiliates (including, where
applicable, the RMSS Subsidiaries and Licensee Subsidiaries), and agents from
any and all liabilities, losses, costs, damages and expenses (including
reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising from or in connection with the damage, loss
(including theft) or destruction of any real property or tangible personal
property of the indemnified party resulting from the actions or inactions of
any employee, agent or subcontractor of the indemnifying party insofar as such
damage arises out of or is ancillary to fulfilling its obligations under this
Agreement and to the extent such damage is due to any negligence, breach of
statutory duty, omission or default of the indemnifying party, its employees,
agents or subcontractors.





13.2        Infringement
of RMSS Software.  RMSS agrees to
defend at its own expense, any claim or action brought by any third party
against Licensee and/or against its officers, directors, and employees and
affiliates, for actual or alleged infringement within the United States of any
patent, copyright or other intellectual property





13




















right (including, but not limited to, misappropriation
of trade secrets) based upon the RMSS Software (except to the extent such
infringement claim is caused by Licensee-specified Custom Modifications to the
RMSS Software which could not have been made in a non-infringing manner) or
caused by the combination of RMSS Software with software or hardware not
provided, specified or approved by RMSS, or based upon the Third Party Software
(“Indemnified RMSS Software”). Licensee, at its sole discretion and cost, may
participate in the defense and all negotiations for its settlement or
compromise. RMSS further agrees to indemnify and hold Licensee, its officers,
directors, employees and affiliates harmless from and against any and all
liabilities, losses, costs, damages, and expenses (including reasonable
attorneys’ fees) associated with any such claim or action incurred by Licensee.
RMSS shall conduct and control the defense of any such claim or action and
negotiations for its settlement or compromise, by the payment of money. RMSS
shall give Licensee, and Licensee shall give RMSS, as appropriate, prompt
written notice of any written threat, warning or notice of any such claim or
action against RMSS or Licensee, as appropriate, or any other user or any
supplier of components of the Indemnified RMSS Software, which could have an
adverse impact on Licensee’s use of same, provided RMSS or Licensee, as
appropriate, knows of such claim or action. If in any such suit so defended,
all or any part of the Indemnified RMSS Software (or any component thereof) is
held to constitute an infringement or violation of any other party’s
intellectual property rights and is enjoined, RMSS shall at its sole option
take one or more of the following actions at no additional cost to Licensee: (i) procure
the right to continue the use of the same without material interruption for
Licensee; (ii) replace the same with non-infringing software; (iii) modify
said Indemnified RMSS Software so as to be non-infringing; or (iv) take
back the infringing Indemnified RMSS Software and credit Licensee with an
amount equal to its prepaid but unused license fees hereunder. The foregoing
represents the sole and exclusive remedy of Licensee for infringement or
alleged infringement.





13.3        Dispute
Resolution.  The provisions
of Section 13 shall apply with respect to the submission of any claim for
indemnification under this Agreement and the resolution of any disputes
relating to such claim.





14.          FORCE MAJEURE, TIME OF
PERFORMANCE AND INCREASED COSTS.





14.1        Force
Majeure.





(a)           Neither party
shall be held liable for any delay or failure in performance of its obligations
under this Agreement from any cause which with the observation of reasonable
care, could not have been avoided – which may include, without limitation, acts
of civil or military authority, government regulations, government agencies,
epidemics, war, terrorist acts, riots, insurrections, fires, explosions,
earthquakes, nuclear accidents, floods, power blackouts affecting facilities
(the “Affected Performance”).





14




















(b)           Upon the
occurrence of a condition described in Section 14.1(a), the party whose
performance is affected shall give written notice to the other party describing
the Affected Performance, and the parties shall promptly confer, in good faith,
to agree upon equitable, reasonable action to minimize the impact on both
parties of such condition, including, without limitation, implementing disaster
recovery procedures. The parties agree that the party whose performance is
affected shall use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize the delay caused
by the force majeure events and recommence the Affected Performance. If the
delay caused by the force majeure event lasts for more than fifteen (15) Days,
the parties shall negotiate an equitable amendment to this Agreement with
respect to the Affected Performance. If the parties are unable to agree upon an
equitable amendment within ten (10) Days after such fifteen (15)-Day
period has expired, then either party shall be entitled to serve thirty (30)
Days’ notice of termination on the other party with respect to only such
Affected Performance. The remaining portion of the Agreement that does not
involve the Affected Performance shall continue in full force and effect. RMSS
shall be entitled to be paid for that portion of the Affected Performance which
it completed through the termination date.





14.2        Time of
Performance and Increased Costs.  RMSS’s time of
performance under this Agreement shall be adjusted, if and to the extent
reasonably necessary, in the event and to the extent that (i) Licensee
fails to timely submit material data or materials in the prescribed form or in
accordance with the requirements of this Agreement, (ii) Licensee fails to
perform on a timely basis, the material functions or other responsibilities of
Licensee described in this Agreement, (iii) Licensee or any governmental
agency authorized to regulate or supervise Licensee makes any special request,
which is affirmed by Licensee and/or compulsory on RMSS, which affects RMSS’s
normal performance schedule, or (iv) Licensee has modified the RMSS
Software in a manner affecting RMSS’s burden. In addition, if any of the above
events occur, and such event results in an increased cost to RMSS, RMSS shall
estimate such increased costs in writing in advance and, upon Licensee’s
approval, Licensee shall be required to pay any and all such reasonable,
increased costs to RMSS upon documented expenditure, up to 110% of the
estimate.





15.          NOTICES.





15.1        Notices.
Except as otherwise provided
under this Agreement or in the Exhibits, all notices, demands or requests or other
communications required or permitted to be given or delivered under this
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when
received by the designated recipient. Written notice may be delivered in person
or sent via reputable air courier service and addressed as set forth below:





15




















If to Licensee:       Fidelity National Tax Service, Inc.


17911
Von Karman Avenue, Suite 300


Irvine,
CA 92614


Attn: President





with a copy to:      Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.


601 Riverside Avenue


Jacksonville, FL 32204


Attn: General Counsel





If to RMSS:           Rocky Mountain Support Services, Inc.


601
Riverside Avenue


Jacksonville,
FL 32204


Attn:  President





with a copy to:      Fidelity National Financial, Inc.


601
Riverside Avenue


Jacksonville,
FL 32204


Attn:  General Counsel





15.2        Change
of Address.  The address to
which such notices, demands, requests, elections or other communications are to
be given by either party may be changed by written notice given by such party
to the other party pursuant to this Section.





16.          WARRANTIES.





16.1        Performance. For as long as RMSS is providing Maintenance
to Licensee for the RMSS Software, RMSS warrants and represents that the RMSS
Software and the Custom Modifications, as delivered to Licensee and the Base
Modifications, will perform in all material respects in accordance with the
respective Documentation, in concert and otherwise.





16.2        Performance
of Obligations.  Each party
represents and warrants to the other that it shall perform its respective
obligations under this Agreement, including Exhibits and Schedules, in a
professional and workmanlike manner.





16.3        Compliance
With Law.  RMSS
warrants that (i) it has the power and corporate authority to enter into
and perform this Agreement, (ii) its performance of this Agreement does
not and will not violate any governmental law, regulation, rule or order,
contract, charter or by-law; (iii) it has sufficient right, title and
interest (or another Subsidiary of FNF has or will grant it sufficient license
rights) in the RMSS Software to grant the licenses herein granted, (iv) it
has received no written notice of any third party claim or threat of a claim
alleging that any part of the RMSS Software infringes the rights of any third
party in any of the United States, and (v) each item of RMSS Software
provided by or for RMSS to Licensee shall





16




















be delivered free of undisclosed trapdoors, Trojan
horses, time bombs, time outs, spyware, viruses or other code which, with the
passage of time, in the absence of action or upon a trigger, would interfere
with the normal use of, or access to, any file, datum or system.





16.4        Exclusive
Warranties.  EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS
AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND EACH
PARTY AGREES THAT ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES THAT ARE NOT EXPRESSLY
PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED AND DISCLAIMED.





17.          MISCELLANEOUS.





17.1        Assignment.  Except as set forth herein, neither party may sell, assign, convey, or
transfer the licenses granted hereunder or any of such party’s rights or
interests, or delegate any of its obligations hereunder without the written
consent of the other party, provided, however, that the parties
hereby agree and acknowledge that, upon the consummation of the Merger, Merger
Co and Certegy shall each be permitted assignees of Licensee.  Any assignment hereunder shall be conditioned
upon the understanding that this Agreement shall be binding upon the assigning
party’s successors and assigns. Either party may assign this Agreement to any Subsidiary
that is not a Competitor except that the assigning party shall remain
responsible for all obligations under this Agreement including the payment of
fees. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Licensee may
not assign this Agreement to a Competitor.





17.2        Severability.  Provided
Licensee retains quiet enjoyment of the RMSS Software including Custom
Modifications and Base Modifications, if any one or more of the provisions
contained herein shall for any reason be held to be unenforceable in any
respect under law, such unenforceability shall not affect any other provision
of this Agreement, but this Agreement shall be construed as if such
unenforceable provision or provisions had never been contained herein, provided
that the removal of such offending term or provision does not materially alter
the burdens or benefits of either of the parties under this Agreement or any Exhibit or
Schedule, in which case the unenforceable portion shall be replaced by one that
reflects the parties original intent as closely as possible while remaining
enforceable.





17.3        Third Party Beneficiaries.  Except as set forth herein, the provisions of this Agreement are for
the benefit of the parties and not for any other person. Should any third party
institute proceedings, this Agreement shall not provide any such





17




















person with any remedy, claim, liability,
reimbursement, cause of action, or other right.





17.4        Governing Law; Forum Selection;
Consent of Jurisdiction.  This Agreement will be governed by and
construed under the laws of the State of Florida, USA, without regard to
principles of conflict of laws. The parties agree that the only circumstance in
which disputes between them, not otherwise excepted from the resolution process
described in Section 11, will not be subject to the provisions of Section 11
is where a party makes a good faith determination that a breach of the terms of
this Agreement by the other party requires prompt and equitable relief. Each of
the parties submits to the personal jurisdiction of any state or federal court
sitting in Jacksonville, Florida with respect to such judicial proceedings.
Each of the parties waives any defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance
of any action or proceeding so brought and waives any bond, surety or to other
security that might be required of any party with respect thereto. Any party
may make service on the other party by sending or delivering a copy of the
process to the party to be served at the address set forth in Section 15
above. Nothing in this Section, however, shall affect the right of any party to
serve legal process in any other manner permitted by law or in equity. Each
party agrees that a final judgment in any action or proceeding so brought shall
be conclusive and may be enforced by suit on the judgment or in any other
manner provided by law or in equity.





17.5        Executed in Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be
an original, but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the
same document.





17.6        Construction.  The headings and numbering of sections in this Agreement are for
convenience only and shall not be construed to define or limit any of the terms
or affect the scope, meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or the
particular section to which they relate. This Agreement and the provisions
contained herein shall not be construed or interpreted for or against any party
because that party drafted or caused its legal representative to draft any of
its provisions.





17.7        Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, including the Exhibits and Schedules attached hereto
and the agreements referenced herein constitute the entire agreement between
the parties, and supersedes all prior oral or written agreements,
representations, statements, negotiations, understandings, proposals, marketing
brochures, correspondence and undertakings related thereto.  Without
limiting the foregoing, the parties expressly acknowledge that this Agreement,
together with the Exhibits and Schedules hereto, is intended to amend and
restate the Prior License Agreement in its entirety, and upon the effectiveness
of this Agreement, the Prior License Agreement shall be deemed to have been
superseded and replaced in its entirety by this Agreement.





18




















17.8        Amendments and Waivers.  This Agreement may be amended only by written agreement signed by duly
authorized representatives of each party. No waiver of any provisions of this Agreement
and no consent to any default under this Agreement shall be effective unless
the same shall be in writing and signed by or on behalf of both parties. No
course of dealing or failure of any party to strictly enforce any term, right
or condition of this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of such term,
right or condition. Waiver by either party of any default by the other party
shall not be deemed a waiver of any other default.





17.9        Remedies Cumulative.  Unless otherwise provided for under this Agreement, all rights of
termination or cancellation, or other remedies set forth in this Agreement, are
cumulative and are not intended to be exclusive of other remedies to which the
injured party may be entitled by law or equity in case of any breach or
threatened breach by the other party of any provision in this Agreement. Use of
one or more remedies shall not bar use of any other remedy for the purpose of
enforcing any provision of this Agreement.





17.10      Taxes.  All charges and fees to be paid under this Agreement are exclusive of
any applicable sales, use, service or similar tax which may be assessed
currently or in the future on the RMSS Software or related services provided
under this Agreement. If a sales, use, services or a similar tax is assessed on
the RMSS Software or related services provided to Licensee under this
Agreement, Licensee will pay directly, reimburse or indemnify RMSS for such
taxes as well as any applicable interest and penalties. Licensee shall pay such
taxes in addition to the sums otherwise due under this Agreement. RMSS shall,
to the extent it is aware of taxes, itemize them on a proper VAT, GST or other
invoice submitted pursuant to this Agreement. All property, employment and
income taxes based on the assets, employees and net income, respectively, of
RMSS shall be RMSS’s sole responsibility. The parties will cooperate with each
other in determining the extent to which any tax is due and owing under the
circumstances and shall provide and make available to each other any withholding
certificates, information regarding the location of use of the RMSS Software or
provision of the services or sale and any other exemption certificates or
information reasonably requested by either party.





17.11      Press Releases.  The parties shall consult with each other in preparing any press
release, public announcement, news media response or other form of release of
information concerning this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby
that is intended to provide such information to the news media or the public (a
“Press Release”). Neither party shall issue or cause the publication of any
such Press Release without the prior written consent of the other party; except
that nothing herein will prohibit either party from issuing or causing publication
of any such Press Release to the extent that such action is required by
applicable law or the rules of any national stock exchange applicable to
such party or its affiliates, in which case the party wishing to make such
disclosure will, if practicable under





19




















the circumstances, notify the other party of the
proposed time of issuance of such Press Release and consult with and allow the
other party reasonable time to comment on such Press Release in advance of its
issuance.








[signature page to
follow]





20




















17.12      Effectiveness.  Notwithstanding the date hereof, this
Agreement shall become effective as of the date and time that the Merger
becomes effective pursuant to the terms of the Certegy Merger Agreement.





IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date by
their duly authorized representatives.









FIDELITY NATIONAL TAX SERVICE, INC.
















By


/s/ Michael L. Gravelle









Michael L. Gravelle









Senior Vice President
















ROCKY MOUNTAIN SUPPORT SERVICES, INC.
















By


/s/ Raymond R. Quirk









Raymond R. Quirk









Chief Executive Officer









21











