











Exhibit 99.20





AMENDED AND RESTATED





OTS AND OTS GOLD SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT





This AMENDED AND RESTATED SOFTWARE LICENSE
AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is dated as of February 1, 2006 (the “Effective
Date”) and is made by and between ROCKY MOUNTAIN SUPPORT
SERVICES, INC., an Arizona corporation (“RMSS”), and FIDELITY NATIONAL TAX SERVICE, INC., a California
corporation (“Licensee”).





WHEREAS, the parties previously entered into an OTS and OTS Gold
Software License Agreement dated as of March 4, 2005 (the “Prior License
Agreement”) with respect to the use of certain software and the provision of
certain services, as more fully described herein; and





WHEREAS, in
connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September 14, 2005 (as amended, the “Certegy
Merger Agreement”), among Certegy Inc. (“Certegy”), C Co Merger Sub, LLC (“Merger
Co”), and Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (“FNI Co”), including
the effectiveness of the merger of FNI Co with and into Merger Co (the “Merger”)
with Merger Co (which will thereafter be known as “Fidelity National
Information Services, LLC”) as the surviving entity, the parties wish to amend
and restate the Prior License Agreement in its entirety;





NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, and of the
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:





1.             DEFINITIONS.





As
used in this Agreement:





1.1.          “Assistance” shall mean installation, conversion
planning, conversion, consulting assistance, workshops, training or education
classes which may be performed by RMSS, or other functions mutually agreed to
be “Assistance” by Licensee and RMSS.





1.2.          “Competitor” shall mean a natural or legal person
offering a product that competes with RMSS Software.





1.3.           “Days” shall mean calendar days, unless
otherwise specified.





1.4.           “Documentation” shall mean RMSS’s standard operating
instructions relating to the RMSS Software, consisting of one copy of the
object code form of the RMSS Software; a copy of manuals consisting of
instructions and procedures for systems and operations personnel and end users
of RMSS Software, if any, and related documentation, if any. RMSS will deliver
the Documentation to Licensee in paper





1
























form, on CD ROM or electronically, at RMSS’s
discretion (except that RMSS Software shall be delivered on machine readable
media). Licensee acknowledges that not all items of Documentation are available
in all forms of media. RMSS shall have the right to change the medium upon
which the Documentation is delivered to Licensee without notice to Licensee.
Upon electronic delivery of Documentation, any obligation of RMSS to deliver
multiple numbers of copies of such Documentation to Licensee shall have no
further force or effect.





1.5.          “Escalation Procedures” shall mean the procedures set forth in Section
10 of this Agreement.





1.6.          “Installation Site” shall mean the location at which the RMSS
Software is installed and which is owned or controlled by Licensee, or a
Licensee contractor (who is not a Competitor and who has executed a nondisclosure
agreement consistent with the terms of this Agreement) providing use of systems
to Licensee, and which is located in the United States. The initial
Installation Site address(es) is/are listed in Section 2 of
Exhibit A.  Licensee may
update the list of Installation Sites from time to time upon thirty (30) days
prior written notice to RMSS.





1.7.          “Licensee Server Software” shall mean those client-server based
applications developed by RMSS that are set forth in Section 1.1 of
Exhibit A hereto necessary to use of the RMSS Software.





1.8.           “Modification” shall mean any customization,
enhancement, modification or change made to the RMSS Software authored by or
for RMSS under this Agreement.





1.9.          “PC Software” shall mean those personal
computer-based applications developed by RMSS that are set forth in
Section 1.2 of Exhibit A.





1.10.        “Proprietary Information” shall mean all information disclosed by
or for Licensee or RMSS to the other during the negotiations hereof and/or
learned by reason of the relationship established hereunder or pursuant hereto,
including, without limitation, the RMSS Software, Documentation, Releases,
Modifications and all information, data and designs related thereto.
Information relating to each party’s business, plans, affiliates or customers
shall also be deemed “Proprietary Information” for purposes of the Agreement. “Proprietary
Information” shall also include all “non-public personal information” as
defined in Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. Section 6801,
et seq.) and the implementing regulations thereunder (collectively, the “GLB
Act”), as the same may be amended from time to time, that RMSS receives from or
at the direction of Licensee and that concerns any of Licensee’s “customers”
and/or “consumers” (as defined in the GLB Act).





1.11.        “Release” shall mean new versions, corrections,
revisions, updates, modifications and enhancements to the RMSS Software and
related Documentation made





2
























available to Licensee or generally made available
without charge to licensees of the RMSS Software not purchasing Maintenance
from RMSS.





1.12.        “RMSS Software” shall mean the object code and/or
Source Code of any program or part of a program as described in Exhibit A
licensed hereunder to Licensee but including in all events the products known
between the parties as OTS and OTS Gold.





1.13.        “Source Code” of RMSS Software shall
mean a copy of the source code (or comparable high level coding) for the RMSS
Software, including any annotations therein, certified by RMSS to Licensee,
upon each prospective delivery to Licensee (if any), as a complete and accurate
copy of source code corresponding to the RMSS Software as last delivered or
otherwise made available in object code by RMSS (whether in pieces or in an
integrated whole).





1.14.         “Subsidiary” shall mean any majority-owned or
otherwise controlled, direct or indirect subsidiary.





2.             GRANT OF LICENSE.





2.1.          Grant. Subject to Licensee’s full payment, as
due, of fees listed in Exhibit B, RMSS hereby grants to Licensee, and
Licensee accepts from RMSS, a world-wide nonexclusive, “AS IS”, perpetual,
irrevocable right and license (except as otherwise provided for herein) to use,
reproduce, modify, and create derivative works of the RMSS Software and
Documentation at the Installation Site(s), subject to the restrictions and
obligations set forth herein.





2.2.          Delivery.
Licensee acknowledges and agrees that it has received, prior to the
Effective Date, delivery of the RMSS Software in Source Code form and the
Documentation.





3.             SOFTWARE USE RESTRICTIONS.





3.1.          Restrictions on RMSS Software.





(a)           Licensee may not use the RMSS Software in a
service bureau or in a time share arrangement.





(b)           Licensee may not sell, lease, assign,
transfer, distribute or sublicense the RMSS Software or Documentation, to any
party that is not a (direct or indirect) Subsidiary of Licensee. Licensee may
not sell, lease, assign, transfer, distribute or sublicense the Source Code to
any person or entity at any time, except that Licensee may sublicense the
Source Code to a Subsidiary of Certegy, as necessary to exercise Licensee’s
rights to modify and create derivative works of the RMSS Software and
Documentation.





3




















(c)           Licensee may not provide copies of, or allow
use of or access to, the RMSS Software to any person, firm, or corporation
except as permitted under Sections 3.1(b) above, and except as to Licensee’s
non-Competitor contractors or subcontractors who have executed nondisclosure
terms consistent with the confidentiality terms herein.





3.2.          Additional Restrictions on PC Software.





(a)           Except as specifically set forth herein, all
other restrictions on use, copying or disclosure of the RMSS Software and
Licensee’s agreement to maintain the confidentiality thereof shall apply to the
PC Software and its Documentation.





(b)           Licensee may
not modify the PC Software (although RMSS may do so on Licensee’s behalf as
part of Assistance.)





4.             TERM; TERMINATION





4.1.          The term of license shall be perpetual
subject to termination in accordance with the terms herein.





4.2.          Licensee may terminate the license (for
either or both of OTS or OTS Gold) for convenience upon no less than ninety
(90) Days prior written notice to the other.





4.3.          A license enjoyed by a Subsidiary of FNIS
shall terminate without further formality upon such entity’s ceasing to be a
Subsidiary of FNIS.  A license enjoyed by
a Subsidiary of Licensee shall terminate without further formality upon the six
month anniversary date after such entity’s ceasing to be a Subsidiary of
Licensee.  Licensee shall cause such
Subsidiary to agree to migrate its data off the RMSS Software and onto an
alternative product during the above described six month period.  In any event, if the Subsidiary becomes a
Subsidiary of a Competitor, the license to the Subsidiary shall terminate
immediately.





4.4.          In the event Licensee or a Licensee Subsidiary
discloses any of the RMSS Software or any material part of the Documentation to
a Competitor, then RMSS upon thirty Days prior written notice to Licensee, may
terminate the license with respect to that portion relating to the RMSS
Software and Documentation provided to such Competitor if Licensee on its own
does not (or if Licensee does not cause its Subsidiary to) discontinue
disclosure of the RMSS Software and Documentation to such Competitor within thirty
Days following Licensee’s receipt of RMSS’ written notice.  Any such termination shall be effective upon
the expiration of the cure period.  The foregoing
is intended to apply only to the remedy of termination.  RMSS shall retain the right to pursue any
other remedies in the event Licensee or its Subsidiary makes an unauthorized
disclosure to a Competitor, including injunctive relief or recovery of damages,
and, depending on





4
























the nature of the disclosure, requesting that
Licensee undertake other measures in addition to simply discontinuing
disclosure to the Competitor.





4.5.          In the event of
termination of the license for any reason, Licensee and/or its Subsidiary, as
applicable, shall promptly cease all use of the relevant RMSS Software, delete
from its systems all copies of the relevant RMSS Software, and within thirty
(30) Days of termination, return to RMSS all tangible copies of the relevant
RMSS Software, together with certification that is has ceased such use, deleted
such copies and returned such tangible copies as required hereunder.





4.6.          Each party
acknowledges and agrees that, in the event of Licensee’s breach or threatened
breach or any provision of Sections 3, 4.3, 4.4, 4.5 or 6, RMSS shall have no
adequate remedy in damages and notwithstanding the dispute resolution
provisions in Section 10 hereof, is entitled to seek an injunction to prevent
such breach or threatened breach; provided, however, no specification of a
particular legal or equitable remedy is to be construed as a waiver,
prohibition, or limitation of any legal or equitable remedies in the event of a
breach hereof.





5.             INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.





5.1.          Ownership of RMSS Software and
Documentation.  From the date the RMSS Software and
Documentation is (and was) first disclosed to Licensee, and at all times
thereafter, as between the parties, RMSS and its licensors shall be the sole
and exclusive owners of all right, title, and interest in and to the RMSS
Software, Documentation and all Modifications, including, without limitation,
all intellectual property and other rights related thereto. The parties
acknowledge that this Agreement in no way limits or restricts RMSS and the RMSS
Subsidiaries from developing or marketing on their own or for any third party,
in the United States or any other country, the RMSS Software, Documentation or
Modifications, or any similar software (including, but not limited to, any
modification, enhancement, interface, upgrade, change and all software, Source Code,
blueprints, diagrams, flow charts, specifications, functional descriptions or
training materials relating thereto) without payment of any compensation to
Licensee, or any notice to Licensee.





5.2.          Development Services.  Licensee may from time to time wish to augment the
RMSS product with additional functionality or utility, or to integrate it with
Licensee systems from other sources, and for such purposes may request the
provision of development services, in the form of Assistance from RMSS.





6.             CONFIDENTIALITY.





6.1.          Confidentiality Obligation.  Proprietary Information (i) shall be deemed the
property of the disclosing party (or the party for whom such data was collected
or processed, if any), (ii) shall be used solely for the purposes of
administering and otherwise implementing the terms of this Agreement and any
ancillary agreements,





5
























and (iii) shall be protected by the receiving
party in accordance with the terms of this Section 6.





6.2.          Non-Disclosure Covenant.  Except as set forth in this Section, neither party
shall disclose the Proprietary Information of the other party in whole or in
part, including derivations, to any third party. If the parties agree to a
specific nondisclosure period for a specific document, the disclosing party
shall mark the document with that nondisclosure period. In the absence of a
specific period, the duty of confidentiality for (a) RMSS Software, Source
Code and related Documentation shall extend in perpetuity and (b) with
respect to any other Proprietary Information shall extend for a period of five (5)
years from disclosure. Proprietary Information shall be held in confidence by
the receiving party and its employees, and shall be disclosed to only those of
the receiving party’s employees and professional advisors who have a need for
it in connection with the administration and implementation of this Agreement.
In no event shall Licensee disclose RMSS Proprietary Information to a
Competitor of RMSS. Each party shall use the same degree of care and afford the
same protections to the Proprietary Information of the other party as it uses
and affords to its own Proprietary Information.





6.3.          Exceptions.  Proprietary Information shall not be deemed
proprietary and, subject to the carve-out below, the receiving party shall have
no obligation of nondisclosure with respect to any such information which:





(i)            is or becomes
publicly known through no wrongful act, fault or negligence of the receiving
party;


(ii)           was disclosed to the receiving party by a third party that was free of
obligations of confidentiality to the party providing the information;


(iii)          is approved for release by written authorization of the disclosing
party;


(iv)          was known to the receiving party prior to receipt of the information;


(v)           was independently developed by the receiving party without access to or
use of the Proprietary Information of the disclosing party; or


(vi)          is publicly disclosed pursuant to a requirement or request of a
governmental agency, or disclosure is required by operation of law.





Notwithstanding application
of any of the foregoing exceptions, in no event shall RMSS treat as other than Proprietary
Information, information comprising nonpublic personal information under the
GLB Act.





6.4.          Confidentiality of this Agreement;
Protective Arrangements.





(a)           The parties acknowledge that this Agreement contains confidential
information that may be considered proprietary by one or both of the parties,
and agree to limit distribution of this Agreement to those employees of
Licensee and RMSS with a need to know the contents of this Agreement or as
required by law or national stock exchange rule. In no event may this





6




















Agreement be reproduced or copies shown to any third parties (except
counsel, auditors and professional advisors) without the prior written consent
of the other party, except as may be necessary by reason of legal, accounting,
tax or regulatory requirements, in which event Licensee and RMSS agree to
exercise reasonable diligence in limiting such disclosure to the minimum
necessary under the particular circumstances.





(b)           In addition, each party shall give notice to the other party of any
demands to disclose or provide Proprietary Information of the other party under
or pursuant to lawful process prior to disclosing or furnishing such
Proprietary Information, and shall cooperate in seeking reasonable protective
arrangements.





7.             CONTINUING UNDERTAKINGS.





RMSS has no affirmative
duties to Licensee hereunder with respect to the RMSS Software and
Documentation.  Licensee has elected not
to contract for Maintenance Services relating to the Software hereunder and
acknowledges that RMSS has no duty to offer same.





8.             INVOICING AND PAYMENTS, PAST DUE AMOUNTS, CURRENCY.





8.1.          Invoicing and Payment
Requirements.  RMSS shall invoice, at each anniversary
of the Effective Date, for the fees described in Exhibit B hereto as well
as for any expenses and any other applicable charges incurred and owing
hereunder. In accordance with this Section 8.1, Licensee shall pay RMSS the
invoiced amount in full on or prior to the thirty (30) Days after Licensee’s
receipt of such invoice unless Licensee notifies RMSS within such period that
it is in good faith disputing RMSS’ invoice. Licensee shall make all payments
to RMSS by check, credit card or wire transfer of immediately available funds
to an account or accounts designated by RMSS. Payment in
full shall not preclude later dispute of charges or adjustment of improper
payments.





8.2.          Past Due Amounts.  Any
amount not received or disputed by Licensee by the date payment is due shall be
subject to interest on the overdue balance at a rate equal to the prime rate as
published in the table money rates in the Wall Street Journal on the date of
payment (or the prior date on which the Wall Street Journal was published if
not published on the date of payment), plus one percent from the due date,
until paid, applied to the outstanding balance from time to time. Any amount
paid but later deemed not to have been due, will be repaid or credited with
interest on the same terms.





8.3.          Currency.  All fees and charges listed and referred to in this
Agreement are stated in and shall be paid in U.S. Dollars.





7
























9.             ASSISTANCE.





9.1.          Basis for Assistance.  If Licensee desires to purchase Assistance from RMSS
or an RMSS Subsidiary, such Assistance shall be provided pursuant to separate
agreement.





10.          DISPUTE RESOLUTION.





10.1.        Dispute Resolution Procedures.  If, prior to the termination of this Agreement or the
license granted herein, and prior to notice of termination given by either
party to the other, a dispute arises between RMSS and Licensee with respect to
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, or any subject matter governed by
this Agreement (other than disputes regarding a party’s compliance with the
provisions of Sections 3 and/or 6), such dispute shall be settled as set forth
in this Section 10. If either party exercises its right to initiate the dispute
resolution procedures under this Section 10, then during such procedure any
time periods providing for termination of the Agreement or curing any material
breach pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be suspended
automatically, except with respect to any termination or breach arising out of
Licensee’s failure to make any undisputed timely and complete payments to RMSS
under this Agreement. At such time as the dispute is resolved, if such dispute
involved the payment of monies, interest at a rate equal to the prime rate as
published in the table money rates in the Wall Street Journal on the date the
dispute is resolved (or the prior date on which the Wall Street Journal was
published if not published on the date the dispute was resolved) plus one
percent for the period of dispute shall be paid to the party entitled to
receive the disputed monies to compensate for the lapsed time between the date
such disputed amount originally was to have been paid (or was paid) through the
date monies are paid (or repaid) in settlement of the dispute. Disputes arising
under Sections 3 or 6 may be resolved by judicial recourse or in any other manner
agreed by the parties.





10.2.        Escalation Procedures.





(a)           Each of the
parties shall escalate and negotiate, in good faith, any claim or dispute that
has not been satisfactorily resolved between the parties at the level where the
issue is discovered and has immediate impact (excluding issues of title to work
product, which shall be initially addressed at the general counsel level but
otherwise pursuant to Section 10.2(b) following). To this end, each party shall
escalate any and all unresolved disputes or claims in accordance with this
Section 10.2 at any time to persons responsible for the administration of the
relationship reflected in this Agreement. The location, format, frequency,
duration and conclusion of these elevated discussions shall be left to the
discretion of the representatives involved. If such parties do not resolve the
underlying dispute within ten (10) Days of its escalation to them, then either
party may notify the other in writing that he/she desires to elevate the
dispute or





8




















claim to the President of RMSS and the President of Licensee or their
designated representative(s) for resolution.





(b)           Upon receipt by
a party of a written notice escalating the dispute to the company president
level, the President of RMSS and the President of Licensee or their designated
representative(s) shall promptly communicate with his/her counter party,
negotiate in good faith and use reasonable efforts to resolve such dispute or
claim. The location, format, frequency, duration and conclusion of these
elevated discussions shall be left to the discretion of the representatives
involved. Upon agreement, such representatives may utilize other alternative
dispute resolution procedures to assist in the negotiations. If the parties
have not resolved the dispute within ten (10) Days after receipt of the notice
elevating the dispute to this level, either may once again escalate the dispute
to binding arbitration.





(c)           All discussions
and correspondence among the representatives for purposes of these negotiations
shall be treated as Proprietary Information developed for purposes of
settlement, exempt from discovery and production, which shall not be admissible
in any subsequent proceedings between the parties. Documents identified in or
provided with such communications, which are not prepared for purposes of the
negotiations, are not so exempted and may, if otherwise admissible, be admitted
in evidence in such subsequent proceeding.





10.3.        Arbitration Procedures.  If a claim, controversy or dispute between the parties
with respect to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, or any subject
matter governed by this Agreement (and not otherwise excepted), has not been
timely resolved pursuant to the foregoing escalation process, upon notice
either party may initiate binding arbitration of the issue in accordance with
the following procedures.





(a)           Either party
may request arbitration by giving the other party written notice to such
effect, which notice shall describe, in reasonable detail, the nature of the
dispute, controversy or claim. Such arbitration shall be governed by the then
current version of the Commercial Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures of
the American Arbitration Association. The Arbitration will be conducted in
Jacksonville, Florida in front of one mutually agreed upon arbitrator.





(b)           Each party
shall bear its own fees, costs and expenses of the arbitration and its own
legal expenses, attorneys’ fees and costs of all experts and witnesses. Unless
the award provides otherwise, the fees and expenses of the arbitration
procedures, including the fees of the arbitrator or arbitrators, will be shared
equally by the involved parties.





9




















(c)           Any award rendered
pursuant to such arbitration shall be final, conclusive and binding upon the
parties, and any judgment thereon may be entered and enforced in any court of
competent jurisdiction.





11.          LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.





11.1.        EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT ARISING FROM GROSS
NEGLIGENCE, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, BY REASON OF AN INDEMNITY OBLIGATION HEREUNDER
OR BY REASON OF A BREACH OF WARRANTY, EITHER PARTY’S LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIM OR
CAUSE OF ACTION WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE WHICH ARISES UNDER
OR IS RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE OTHER PARTY’S DIRECT
OUT-OF-POCKET DAMAGES, ACTUALLY INCURRED, WHICH UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL
EXCEED, IN THE AGGREGATE, THE AMOUNT PAID BY LICENSEE TO RMSS UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT FOR THE 12-MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE THE CLAIM
AROSE.





11.2.        IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE
FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY
KIND WHATSOEVER OR THE CLAIMS OR DEMANDS MADE BY ANY THIRD PARTIES, WHETHER OR
NOT IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.





11.3.        Licensee Software.  RMSS has no obligation or liability, either express or
implied, with respect to the compatibility of RMSS Software with any other
software unless provided or specified by RMSS including, but not limited to,
Licensee software and/or Licensee-provided third party software.





12.          INDEMNIFICATION.





12.1.        Property Damage.  Subject to Section 11 hereof, each party agrees to
indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other and its officers, directors,
employees, and affiliates (including, where applicable, each RMSS Subsidiary and
Licensee affiliates), and agents from any and all liabilities, losses, costs,
damages and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising from or in
connection with the damage, loss (including theft) or destruction of any real
property or tangible personal property of the indemnified party resulting from
the actions or inactions of any employee, agent or subcontractor of the
indemnifying party insofar as such damage arises out of or is ancillary to
fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement and to the extent such damage
is due to any negligence, breach of statutory duty, omission or default of the
indemnifying party, its employees, agents or subcontractors.


12.2.        Infringement of RMSS
Software.  RMSS agrees to defend at its own expense, any claim or action brought
by any third party against Licensee and/or against its





10
























officers, directors, and employees and affiliates, for
actual or alleged infringement within the United States of any patent,
copyright or other intellectual property right (including, but not limited to,
misappropriation of trade secrets) based upon the RMSS Software (except to the
extent such infringement claim is caused by a Licensee-specified Modification
to the RMSS Software which could not have been made in a non-infringing manner)
or caused by the combination of RMSS Software with software or hardware not
provided, specified or approved by RMSS, or based upon the Third Party Software
(“Indemnified RMSS Software”). Licensee, at its sole discretion and cost, may
participate in the defense and all negotiations for its settlement or
compromise. RMSS further agrees to indemnify and hold Licensee, its officers,
directors, employees and affiliates harmless from and against any and all
liabilities, losses, costs, damages, and expenses (including reasonable
attorneys’ fees) associated with any such claim or action incurred by Licensee.
RMSS shall conduct and control the defense of any such claim or action and
negotiations for its settlement or compromise, by the payment of money. RMSS
shall give Licensee, and Licensee shall give RMSS, as appropriate, prompt
written notice of any written threat, warning or notice of any such claim or
action against RMSS or Licensee, as appropriate, or any other user or any
supplier of components of the Indemnified RMSS Software, which could have an
adverse impact on Licensee’s use of same, provided RMSS or Licensee, as appropriate,
knows of such claim or action. If in any such suit so defended, all or any part
of the Indemnified RMSS Software (or any component thereof) is held to
constitute an infringement or violation of any other party’s intellectual
property rights and is enjoined, RMSS shall at its sole option take one or more
of the following actions at no additional cost to Licensee: (i) procure
the right to continue the use of the same without material interruption for
Licensee; (ii) replace the same with non-infringing software;
(iii) modify said Indemnified RMSS Software so as to be non-infringing; or
(iv) take back the infringing Indemnified RMSS Software and credit
Licensee with an amount equal to its prepaid but unused license fees hereunder.
The foregoing represents the sole and exclusive remedy of Licensee for
infringement or alleged infringement.





12.3.        Dispute Resolution.  The provisions of Section12 shall apply with respect
to the submission of any claim for indemnification under this Agreement and the
resolution of any disputes relating to such claim.





13.          FORCE MAJEURE, TIME OF PERFORMANCE AND INCREASED COSTS.





13.1.        Force Majeure.





(a)           Neither party
shall be held liable for any delay or failure in performance of its obligations
under this Agreement from any cause which with the observation of reasonable
care, could not have been avoided — which may include, without limitation, acts
of civil or military authority, government regulations, government agencies,
epidemics, war, terrorist acts, riots,





11




















insurrections, fires,
explosions, earthquakes, nuclear accidents, floods, power blackouts affecting
facilities (the “Affected Performance”).





(b)           Upon the
occurrence of a condition described in Section 13.1(a), the party whose
performance is affected shall give written notice to the other party describing
the Affected Performance, and the parties shall promptly confer, in good faith,
to agree upon equitable, reasonable action to minimize the impact on both
parties of such condition, including, without limitation, implementing disaster
recovery procedures. The parties agree that the party whose performance is
affected shall use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize the delay caused
by the force majeure events and recommence the Affected Performance. If the
delay caused by the force majeure event lasts for more than fifteen (15) Days,
the parties shall negotiate an equitable amendment to this Agreement with
respect to the Affected Performance. If the parties are unable to agree upon an
equitable amendment within ten (10) Days after such fifteen (15)-Day period has
expired, then either party shall be entitled to serve thirty (30) Days’ notice
of termination on the other party with respect to only such Affected Performance.
The remaining portion of the Agreement that does not involve the Affected
Performance shall continue in full force and effect. RMSS shall be entitled to
be paid for that portion of the Affected Performance which it completed through
the termination date.





13.2.        Time of Performance and Increased
Costs.  RMSS’s time of performance under this Agreement shall
be adjusted, if and to the extent reasonably necessary, in the event and to the
extent that (i) Licensee fails to timely submit material data or materials
in the prescribed form or in accordance with the requirements of this
Agreement, (ii) Licensee fails to perform on a timely basis, the material
functions or other responsibilities of Licensee described in this Agreement,
(iii) Licensee or any governmental agency authorized to regulate or
supervise Licensee makes any special request, which is affirmed by Licensee
and/or compulsory on RMSS, which affects RMSS’s normal performance schedule, or
(iv) Licensee has modified the RMSS Software in a manner affecting RMSS’s
burden. In addition, if any of the above events occur, and such event results
in an increased cost to RMSS, RMSS shall estimate such increased costs in
writing in advance and, upon Licensee’s approval, Licensee shall be required to
pay any and all such reasonable, increased costs to RMSS upon documented
expenditure, up to 110% of the estimate.





14.          NOTICES.





14.1.        Notices.  Except as otherwise provided under this Agreement or
in the Exhibits, all notices, demands or requests or other communications
required or permitted to be given or delivered under this Agreement shall be in
writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when received by the
designated recipient.





12
























Written notice may be delivered in person or sent via
reputable air courier service and addressed as set forth below:






If to Licensee:





Fidelity National Tax
Service, Inc.









17911
Von Karman Avenue, Suite 300









Irvine,
CA 92614









Attn: President













with a copy to:





Fidelity National
Information Services, Inc.









601 Riverside Avenue









Jacksonville, FL 32204









Attn: General Counsel













If to RMSS:





Rocky Mountain Support
Services, Inc.









601 Riverside Avenue









Jacksonville, FL 32204









Attn: President













with a copy to:





Fidelity National
Financial, Inc.









601 Riverside Avenue









Jacksonville, FL 32204









Attn: General Counsel








14.2.        Change of Address.  The address to which such notices, demands, requests,
elections or other communications are to be given by either party may be
changed by written notice given by such party to the other party pursuant to
this Section.





15.          WARRANTIES.





15.1.        Performance of
Obligations.  Each party represents and warrants to the other that it shall perform
its respective obligations under this Agreement in a professional and
workmanlike manner.





15.2.        Compliance With Law.  RMSS warrants that (i) it
has the power and corporate authority to enter into and perform this Agreement,
(ii) its performance of this Agreement does not and will not violate any
governmental law, regulation, rule or order, contract, charter or by-law; (iii)
it has sufficient right, title and interest (or another Subsidiary of Fidelity
National Financial, Inc. has or will grant it sufficient license rights) in the
RMSS Software to grant the licenses herein granted, (iv) it has received no
written notice of any third party claim or threat of a claim alleging that any
part of the RMSS Software infringes the rights of any third party in any of the
United States, and (v) each item of RMSS Software provided by or for RMSS to
Licensee shall be delivered free of undisclosed trapdoors, Trojan horses, time
bombs, time outs, spyware, viruses or other code which, with





13
























the passage of time, in the absence of action or upon
a trigger, would interfere with the normal use of, or access to, any file,
datum or system.





15.3.        Exclusive Warranties.  EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS
AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND EACH
PARTY AGREES THAT ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES THAT ARE NOT EXPRESSLY
PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED AND DISCLAIMED.





16.          MISCELLANEOUS.





16.1.        Assignment.  Except as set forth herein, neither party
may sell, assign, convey, or transfer the licenses granted hereunder or any of
such party’s rights or interests, or delegate any of its obligations hereunder
without the written consent of the other party, provided, however,
that the parties hereby agree and acknowledge that, upon the consummation of
the Merger, Merger Co and Certegy shall each be permitted assignees of Licensee.  Any
assignment hereunder shall be conditioned upon the understanding that this
Agreement shall be binding upon the assigning party’s successors and assigns.
Either party may assign this Agreement to any Subsidiary that is not a
Competitor except that the assigning party shall remain responsible for all
obligations under this Agreement including the payment of fees. Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, Licensee may not assign this
Agreement to a Competitor.





16.2.        Severability.  Provided
Licensee retains quiet enjoyment of the RMSS Software, if any one or more of
the provisions contained herein shall for any reason be held to be
unenforceable in any respect under law, such unenforceability shall not affect
any other provision of this Agreement, but this Agreement shall be construed as
if such unenforceable provision or provisions had never been contained herein,
provided that the removal of such offending term or provision does not
materially alter the burdens or benefits of either of the parties under this
Agreement or any Exhibit or Schedule, in which case the unenforceable portion
shall be replaced by one that reflects the parties original intent as closely
as possible while remaining enforceable.





16.3.        Third Party Beneficiaries.  Except as set forth herein, the provisions of this
Agreement are for the benefit of the parties and not for any other person.
Should any third party institute proceedings, this Agreement shall not provide
any such person with any remedy, claim, liability, reimbursement, cause of
action, or other right.





16.4.        Governing Law; Forum Selection;
Consent of Jurisdiction.  This Agreement will be governed by and
construed under the laws of the State of Florida, USA,





14
























without regard to principles of conflict of laws. The
parties agree that the only circumstance in which disputes between them, not
otherwise excepted from the resolution process described in Section 10, will
not be subject to the provisions of Section 10 is where a party makes a good
faith determination that a breach of the terms of this Agreement by the other
party requires prompt and equitable relief. Each of the parties submits to the
personal jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in Jacksonville,
Florida with respect to such judicial proceedings. Each of the parties waives
any defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any action or
proceeding so brought and waives any bond, surety or to other security that
might be required of any party with respect thereto. Any party may make service
on the other party by sending or delivering a copy of the process to the party
to be served at the address set forth in Section 14 above. Nothing in this
Section, however, shall affect the right of any party to serve legal process in
any other manner permitted by law or in equity. Each party agrees that a final
judgment in any action or proceeding so brought shall be conclusive and may be
enforced by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law or in
equity.





16.5.        Executed in Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each
of which shall be an original, but such counterparts shall together constitute
but one and the same document.





16.6.        Construction.  The headings and numbering of sections in this
Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be construed to define or
limit any of the terms or affect the scope, meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement or the particular section to which they relate. This Agreement and
the provisions contained herein shall not be construed or interpreted for or
against any party because that party drafted or caused its legal representative
to draft any of its provisions.





16.7.        Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, including the Exhibits and Schedules
attached hereto and the agreements referenced herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties, and supersedes all prior oral or written
agreements, representations, statements, negotiations, understandings,
proposals, marketing brochures, correspondence and undertakings related
thereto.  Without limiting the foregoing,
the parties expressly acknowledge that this Agreement, together with the
Exhibits and Schedules hereto, is intended to amend and restate the Prior
License Agreement in its entirety, and upon the effectiveness of this
Agreement, the Prior License Agreement shall be deemed to have been superseded
and replaced in its entirety by this Agreement.





16.8.        Amendments and Waivers.  This Agreement may be amended only by written
agreement signed by duly authorized representatives of each party. No waiver of
any provisions of this Agreement and no consent to any default under this
Agreement shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by
or on behalf of both parties. No course of dealing or failure of any party to
strictly enforce any term, right or condition of this Agreement shall be
construed as a





15
























waiver of such term, right or condition. Waiver by
either party of any default by the other party shall not be deemed a waiver of
any other default.





16.9.        Remedies Cumulative.  Unless otherwise provided for under this Agreement,
all rights of termination or cancellation, or other remedies set forth in this
Agreement, are cumulative and are not intended to be exclusive of other
remedies to which the injured party may be entitled by law or equity in case of
any breach or threatened breach by the other party of any provision in this
Agreement. Use of one or more remedies shall not bar use of any other remedy
for the purpose of enforcing any provision of this Agreement.





16.10.      Taxes.  All charges and fees to be paid under this Agreement
are exclusive of any applicable sales, use, service or similar tax which may be
assessed currently or in the future on the RMSS Software or related services
provided under this Agreement. If a sales, use, services or a similar tax is
assessed on the RMSS Software or related services provided to Licensee under
this Agreement, Licensee will pay directly, reimburse or indemnify RMSS for
such taxes as well as any applicable interest and penalties. Licensee shall pay
such taxes in addition to the sums otherwise due under this Agreement. RMSS
shall, to the extent it is aware of taxes, itemize them on a proper VAT, GST or
other invoice submitted pursuant to this Agreement. All property, employment
and income taxes based on the assets, employees and net income, respectively,
of RMSS shall be RMSS’s sole responsibility. The parties will cooperate with
each other in determining the extent to which any tax is due and owing under
the circumstances and shall provide and make available to each other any
withholding certificates, information regarding the location of use of the RMSS
Software or provision of the services or sale and any other exemption
certificates or information reasonably requested by either party.





16.11.      Press Releases. The parties shall consult with each other
in preparing any press release, public announcement, news media response or
other form of release of information concerning this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby that is intended to provide such information
to the news media or the public (a “Press Release”). Neither party shall issue
or cause the publication of any such Press Release without the prior written
consent of the other party; except that nothing herein will prohibit either
party from issuing or causing publication of any such Press Release to the
extent that such action is required by applicable law or the rules of any
national stock exchange applicable to such party or its affiliates, in which
case the party wishing to make such disclosure will, if practicable under the
circumstances, notify the other party of the proposed time of issuance of such
Press Release and consult with and allow the other party reasonable time to
comment on such Press Release in advance of its issuance.





16




















16.12.      Effectiveness.
Notwithstanding the date hereof, this Agreement shall become effective
as of the date and time that the Merger becomes effective pursuant to the terms
of the Certegy Merger Agreement.





IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date by their duly
authorized representatives.












FIDELITY
NATIONAL TAX SERVICE, INC.




















By


/s/ Michael L. Gravelle












Michael L. Gravelle









Senior Vice President













ROCKY
MOUNTAIN SUPPORT SERVICES, INC.




















By


/s/ Raymond R. Quirk












Raymond R. Quirk









Chief Executive Officer








17











