







XcelMobility Inc. - Exhibit 10.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com







Contract No.: GZLS20090507Z 	Contract Execution Date: May 25, 2009



Software License Contract

Party A (“Licensee”): Guizhou Yi Mate Information Supermarket
Project Development Co., Ltd.
Address: 225 Wenchang Bei Road, Guiyang

Legal Representative: Zheng Chengyu

Party B (“Licensor”): Shenzhen CC Power Corporation

Address: Unit 501, Cyber Times Tower B, Tian’an Cyber Park, Futian District,
Shenzhen
Principal: Wang Xili

1.
As an owner of rights and interests (including ownership and
intellectual property rights) relating to Mach5TM Web Accelerator
software, Party B licenses to Party A Mach5TM Web Accelerator
software (“Software”) (with 10,000 users) and provides Party A with services
relevant to the Software (“Service”). Party A agrees to use the Software and
accept the Service. Please refer to Appendix 1 hereto for details of the
Software and the Service.

2.
Party B grants to Party A the license of the Software, applicable to web
acceleration systems and equipment of Party A and its subsidiaries and branches
(“Party A’s Equipment”). In the event the Software is upgraded, Party A will be
granted the license of the new Software for free.

3.
Price Terms

3.1      The
total price for the Software license and the Service (“Total Price”) shall be
RMB Seven Hundred and Eighty Four Thousand Only (784,000.00) .

3.2      The
abovementioned Total Price shall be fixed and unchangeable. 3.3 The
abovementioned Total Price shall include:

(1)      the
complete Software and documents referred to herein, which shall be provided by
Party
B;
(2)      expenses
which shall be assumed by Party B in accordance herewith, including but not
limited to expenses relating to installation, configuration and technical
support, as well as expenses relating to other technical services addressed in
the Appendix hereof and training expenses.

4.
Payment Terms

4.1      Party
A shall be liable to pay the Total Price to Party B in accordance with the
following terms.

4.1.1
Payment upon Delivery

After
the Software and relevant information specified hereunder are delivered by Party
B to Party A and the systems are launched for trial run, as following the
execution of this Contract, Party A shall, within 15 working days and against
the following documents provided by Party B, pay to Party B 40% of the Total
Price, that is, RMB Three Hundred and Thirteen Thousand and Six Hundred Only
(313,600.00) .

(1)
formal invoice with its amount equivalent to 40% of the Total
Price;
(2)      one
payment request sent by Party B.

1




4.1.2
Payment upon Acceptance

After
the systems are delivered for use, final acceptance shall be conducted within 4
months of the systems’ trial run. Party A shall, within 15 working days after
executing the final inspection conformity certificate and against the following
documents provided by Party B, pay to Party B 50% of the Total Price, that is,
RMB Three Hundred and Ninety Two Thousand Only (392,000.00) .

(1)      formal
invoice with its amount equivalent to 50% of the Total
Price;
(2)      one
payment request sent by Party B.

4.1.3
Warranty Period Balance

Party
A shall, within 15 working days following the expiration of the warranty period
and against the following documents provided by Party B, pay to Party B 10% of
the Total Price, that is, RMB Seventy Eight Thousand and Four Hundred Only
(78,400.00) .

(1)      formal
invoice with its amount equivalent to 10% of the Total
Price;
(2)
one payment request sent by Party
B.;
(3)      one
certificate regarding warranty period expiration executed by Party A.

4.2      In
the event Party B is liable to pay damages and/or compensation in accordance
herewith, Party A shall have the right to deduct corresponding amounts from any
abovementioned payment.

5.
Delivery Terms

5.1      Party
B commits to deliver all Software and documents to the site of Party A hereof in
[ ] batches prior to May 27, 2009, as in accordance with the schedule specified
hereunder, and to cooperate regarding implementation.

5.2      Upon
the delivery, Party A shall submit 2 original certificates of delivered to Party
B. Party A’s representatives will verify the quantities of the goods delivered
against the certificate of delivered, execute these 2 original certificates of
delivered and return one (1) original certificate to Party B. Execution of Party
A’s representatives on such original certificates of delivered will only prove
the number of boxes of the goods received by Party A on the execution date and
whether or not the boxes’ surfaces have material damages.

5.3      If
Party A discovers errors or omissions during its unpacking inspection, Party B
shall, at its own expenses, be liable to ship the goods under such errors or
omissions to the destination specified hereunder within three working days upon
its receipt of the notice relating to such errors or omissions and assume the
liability of breach arising therefrom.

6.
Installation, Configuration and Inspection and Acceptance Location of System
Installation:

6.1      Both
Parties shall, within the term hereof, respectively designate one (1)
representative to manage technical issues relating hereto, whose work plans
shall be formulated through consultations of both Parties’ representatives. In
the event there emerge technical issues or disputes regarding technical issues,
both Parties’ representatives shall analyze causes, distinguish responsibilities
and work out solutions through consultations. Working progress during
installation, configuration and inspection and acceptance, issues discovered and
solutions, as well as everyday main tasks shall all be recorded on the job log.
The daily records on the job log shall be confirmed by both Parties’
representatives with their execution, with each Party holding one (1) copy.

2




6.2
Party B shall be liable to conduct the Software installation and configuration
prior to April 23, 2009, as in accordance herewith. Party A’s representative
shall conduct preliminary inspection and acceptance of the Software after it is
installed, configured and runs steadily for 3 working days. The preliminary
testing, inspection and acceptance shall be subject to the engineering
technology norms and Q and A specified under Appendix [ ], and satisfy testing,
inspection and acceptance requirements specified under the Appendix.

6.3      With
Party B’s written request, the testing for preliminary inspection and acceptance
shall be conducted by Party A in accordance with relevant provisions under
Appendix [ ]. If the testing results conform to relevant provisions under
Appendix [ ], Party A will execute one preliminary inspection conformity
certificate. If it fails the preliminary inspection, Party B shall take all
remedial measures to facilitate another preliminary inspection, with expenses
relating thereto to be born by Party B. If it again fails to satisfy the
requirements during the second preliminary inspection, Party A shall have the
right to terminate this Contract. Under such circumstances, Party B must refund
relevant payments and expenses which have been collected, as well as
corresponding interest calculated in accordance with the contemporary loan
interest rate of the People’s Bank of China. Party B shall assume the liability
of breach and compensate Party A for all its losses.

6.4      The
Software shall be under trial run for 4 months from the execution date of the
preliminary inspection conformity certificate. The trial run shall demonstrate
that functions and performance of the Software conform to Party B’s commitment
and warranty under Appendix [ ]. If, during the trial run, any inconformity
between the Software and the provisions hereunder, which is caused by Party B,
is discovered, Party B shall be liable to correct and redress such at its own
expenses till the Software has the functions and performance warranted by Party
B hereunder. Meanwhile, the trial run shall be postponed correspondingly in
accordance with the period of such correction and redress. In the event material
communication failure is caused by Party B’s Software, the trial run shall
resume upon the repair of such failure.

6.5      With
Party B’s written request, the testing for final inspection and acceptance shall
be conducted upon the expiration of the trial run period. If all performance and
systems’ index of the Software conform to Appendix [ ], Party will execute three
(3) final inspection conformity certificates, with two (2) of such kept by Party
A.

If
the Software fails the final inspection, Party B shall take all remedial
measures to facilitate another testing for final inspection and acceptance,
which is to be conducted as soon as possible, with expenses relating thereto to
be born by Party A. Party B shall assume the liability of breach and compensate
Party A for all its losses.

6.6
If the Software also fails the second testing for final inspection due to Party
B, Party A shall have the right to terminate this Contract. Under such
circumstances, Party B must refund relevant payments and expenses which have
been collected, as well as corresponding interest calculated in accordance with
the contemporary loan interest rate of the People’s Bank of China. Party B shall
assume the liability of breach and compensate Party A for all its losses.

6.7      Party
B’s responsibilities under the warranty period specified herein shall not be
waived, even if the Software passes the testing for final inspection and
acceptance.

7.
Guaranty, Warranty

7.1      Party
A warrants that the Software provided by Party B will be used for the purposes
specified hereunder.

3




7.2      The
warranty period of the Software provided by Party B shall be 12 months from the
execution date of the final inspection conformity certificate (“Warranty
Period”).

7.3      Party
B warrants that, during the Warranty Period, the Software has no defect which is
caused by Party B and affects the normal operation of Party A’s Equipment and
systems. During the Warranty Period, Party B shall repair or replace defective
Software and upgrade the Software for free.

7.4      During
the Warranty Period, Party B shall provide Party A with free 7*24 technical
support services regarding the Software hereunder. Party B shall conduct
troubleshooting and solve problems for Party A within 8 hours upon its receipt
of Party B’s notice. Upon Party A’s request, Party B shall conduct
troubleshooting and solve problems by way of onsite support, telephone
consultation and so on. Please refer to Appendix [ ] for time for response and
troubleshooting.

7.5
Upon the expiration of the Software’s Warranty Period, both Parties may reach
agreement on Party B’s continuous provision of relevant support services through
consultations. Party B shall provide Party A with relevant support services at
the then-current standard rates and on the most-favored conditions with prices
no higher than those offered to other clients at the same period of time.

7.6      Party
B shall be liable to compensate Party A for its losses caused by Party B’s
breach of the abovementioned warranty obligations and the service obligations on
the most-favored conditions after the Warranty Period.

8.
Training

8.1      Training
Purposes: to facilitate independent use of the Software hereunder by Party A or
end users 8.2 Training Contents: centralized training for installation and use
of Mach5TM Web Accelerator Software 8.3 Training Time and Place:
Party B will provide Party A will technical trainings with no less than 3
working days. Specific timing for training shall be decided by both Parties
through consultations. All expenses relating to the training shall be assumed by
Party A. The training place shall be the one where the end user is located.
Specific training manners shall be decided by both Parties through
consultations, provided that Party B must ensure that the training quality can
accomplish the abovementioned training purposes.

9.
Software Ownership

9.1      Party
A never obtains ownership or copyright of the Software, whether in whole or in
part, all of which shall still belong to Party B.

9.2      Party
A may transfer all of its rights hereunder to any successor of Party A’s
Equipment, with the transfer notice delivered by Party A to Party B.

10.
Liability of Breach and Limitations on Responsibilities

10.1
Both Parties will perform strictly in accordance with this Contract. If either
Party breaches any provisions hereunder and causes economic losses to the other
Party, the non-breaching Party shall have the right to require the termination
of this Contract, with the breaching Party assuming the liability for
compensation.

10.1.1
In the event Party B’s Software delivery or service provision is delayed,
it shall pay damages to Party A in accordance with the following
percentages:

4




For
each delinquent day, Party B shall pay to Party A the damages equivalent to 1%
of the total Contract Price. Party B’s payment of damages shall not release it
from performing its responsibilities hereunder. When the damages payable by
Party B reaches 10% of the total price, Party A shall have the right to dissolve
this Contract, while Party B shall pay the damages in accordance with this
Section, refund all amounts already paid by Party A, and compensate Party A for
its losses.

10.1.2
If the preliminary or final inspection of the Software is delayed for reasons
not caused by Party A, in addition to the application of Section 6 hereof, Party
B shall also pay damages to Party A in accordance with the following
percentages: For each delinquent day, Party B shall pay to Party A the damages
equivalent to 1% of the total Price. Party B’s payment of damages shall not
release it from performing its responsibilities hereunder. When the damages
payable by Party B reaches 10% of the total price, Party A shall have the right
to dissolve this Contract, while Party B shall pay the damages in accordance
with this Section, refund all amounts already paid by Party A, and compensate
Party A for its losses.

10.2
If the schedule under Appendix [ ] hereof has not been performed due to
Party A, with Party A’s written confirmation, such schedule will be
correspondingly postponed in accordance with the time confirmed by Party A.

10.3
If, during the Warranty Period, Party B fails to respond in a timely
manner or complete troubleshooting within the time limit specified hereunder,
Party B shall pay to Party A the damages equivalent to 0.1% of the total
Contract price for each delinquent day and compensate Party A for all its
losses.

10.4
During the term of this Contract, Party B is not permitted to establish business
relationships with telecommunication operators other than China
Telecommunications Corporation Guizhou Branch or companies with business models
similar to that of Party A in Guizhou. If Party B is in breach of such
provision, it shall pay to Party A the damages equivalent to 100% of the total
price and refund all amounts already paid by Party A.

11.
Infringement

11.1
If anybody files law suits, administrative proceedings or claims (collectively
“Infringement Accusation”), alleging that Party A’s use of the Software
hereunder infringes its ownership or intellectual property rights, Party B shall
compensate Party A for all expenses it assumes in this regard, including but not
limited to expenses arising from its endeavor to obtain lawful rights and to
make full payments, and compensation, litigation (arbitration) fees, attorney
fees specified under final judgment (award or results), intermediation,
settlement of the abovementioned Infringement Accusation.

11.2
If, during the hearing of the Infringement Accusation by relevant courts
or administrative authorities, Party A is prohibited from continuously using the
Software hereunder, in whole or in part, Party B shall, at its discretion ,
adopt one of the following measures:

(1)      cause
Party A to regain the right to use the abovementioned Software; or

(2)      replace
or change the abovementioned Software so that Party A may continue using such
Software regardless of the limitation imposed by the abovementioned
prohibition.

Party
B’s obligation to compensate Party A for its losses relating hereto shall not be
waived by the abovementioned measures taken by Party B.

Otherwise
Party A shall have the right to dissolve this Contract, while Party A shall
refund all amounts already paid by Party A within ten days upon its receipt of
Party A’s Contract

5




dissolution notice, pay to Party A the damages twice (2) as
much as the total Contract price, and compensate Party A and end users for all
their losses arising therefrom.

12.
Confidentiality Obligation

12.1
One Party hereof (“Information Disclosing Party”) shall have lawful ownership
and/or other rights of all information (“Confidential Information”) it provides
to the other Party hereof (“Information Receiving Party”) in accordance with or
with regard to this Contract, including but not limited to all kinds of
technical and business information, specifications, drawings, documents and
know-how.

12.2
Except activities authorized hereunder, the Information Receiving Party shall
protect the Confidential Information as trade secrets, without copying or
disclosing such to third parties in whole or in part. The Information Receiving
Party is permitted to disclose the Confidential Information provided by the
other Party to its employees who really have a need to know such and only for
the purposes hereunder, provided that it shall meanwhile instruct its employees
to abide by the confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations specified under
this Section. The Receiving Party is permitted to copy the Confidential
Information for the purpose of performing the obligations hereunder. After the
termination or dissolution of this Contract, the Receiving Party must return all
the Confidential Information to the Disclosing Party and destroy all copies. The
Receiving Party shall properly keep the Confidential Information and be fully
liable for theft, inadvertent reveal or other issues impairing the
confidentiality of such Confidential Information, which arise when the
Confidential Information is in the Receiving Party’s possession. The Receiving
Party shall be liable for compensation, if the Disclosing Party incurs losses
therefor.

12.3
The limitation on the Confidential Information in this Section shall be
inapplicable under the following circumstances:

(1)      the
Confidential Information has entered the public domain not due to the fault of
the Information Receiving Party;

(2)      the
Confidential Information is independently developed by the Information Receiving
Party, as having been proved by relevant records of such Party;

(3)      the
Confidential Information is acquired by the Information Receiving Party from a
party which is not in breach of any confidentiality obligation to the
Information Disclosing Party; or

(4)      the
Confidential Information is required to be disclosed by laws, provided that the
Information Receiving Party shall notify the Information Disclosing Party
reasonably in advance so that the latter can take protective measures it deems
necessary.

12.4
The term of confidentiality hereunder shall be ten years from the effective date
hereof.

13.
Force Majeure

13.1
The term “Force Majeure” hereunder refers to earthquake, typhoon, flood,
fire, wars or other unforeseen objective circumstances, the occurrence and
results of which are unpreventable, unavoidable and unsurmountable and which are
encountered by the Parties hereof.

13.2
If either Party hereof cannot perform or cannot fully perform its
obligations hereunder due to Force Majeure, it shall notify the other Party
hereof within 2 days after the occurrence of said Force Majeure, and provide the
other Party with the Force Majeure evidence issued by relevant authorities
within 14 calendar days after the occurrence of said Force Majeure.

6




13.3
Unless otherwise specified under laws, if this Contract cannot be performed due
to Fore Majeure, the responsibilities will be exempted in whole or in part based
on the impact of such Force Majeure. If Force Majeure occurs after the
performance of this Contract is delayed, the responsibilities cannot be
exempted.

13.4
If the performance of this Contract is suspended for 120 calendar days or
above due to Force Majeure, Party B shall have the right to terminate this
Contract and notify Party A in writing.

14.
Governing Laws and Dispute Resolution

14.1
This Contract shall be governed by the laws of the People’s Republic of China.
14.2 Any and all disputes arising from or in connection with this Contract shall
be solved through both Parties’ friendly consultations. If consultations fail,
lawsuits will be filed with the people’s court where Party B is located to solve
such disputes.

14.3
During the litigation, both Parties will continue to perform other parts of the
Contract, which are not involved in the litigation.

15.
Effectiveness and Miscellaneous

15.1
Both Parties will assume all their respective taxes and fees relating to the
performance of this Contract, as imposed by relevant PRC authorities pursuant to
tax laws of China.

15.2
If any terms hereunder become illegal, invalid or unenforceable at any time,
which does not fundamentally affect the effectiveness hereof, the remaining
terms hereunder shall not be affected.

15.3
Neither Party shall disclose the contents hereof to any third party without the
other Party’s consent.

15.4
All amendments and supplements to this Contract shall be in writing and become
integral parts of this Contract upon execution by both Parties’ authorized
representatives.

15.5
All headings hereunder are for reference only. The Parties’ rights and
obligations shall be subject to the contents under the terms.

15.6
All notices relating to both Parties’ performance of this Contract or in
connection herewith must be in writing and sent by registered mails, fax or
similar communication method confirmed by both Parties to the addresses
specified hereunder.

15.6.1
Addresses for Notice

If
either Party changes its contact person or contact information, it shall notify
the other Party in writing and two weeks in advance, or it shall compensate the
other Party for all its losses arising therefrom.

Party
A: Guizhou Yi Mate Information Supermarket Project Development Co.,
Ltd.
Address:
225 Wenchang Bei Road,
Guiyang
Contact
Person: Wang
Zuling
Tel.:
0851-5251760
Fax:
0851-5250814
Zip
Code:
550001
Party
B: Shenzhen CC Power
Corporation
Address:
Unit 501, Cyber Times Tower B, Tian’an Cyber Park, Futian District,
Shenzhen
Contact
Person: Zheng
Hongtao
Tel.:
0755-83487878


7




Fax:
0755-83487881
Zip
Code: 518040


15.7
Without the other Party’s written consent, neither Party may use or copy the
other Party’s trade names, trademarks, logos, service marks, signs, codes,
models or abbreviations in advertisements or public places; and neither Party
may allege that it has ownership or use right of the other Party’s trade names,
trademarks, logos, service marks, signs, codes, models or abbreviations.

15.8
Nothing hereunder shall be deemed or construed as joint venture, partnership or
agent relationships between both Parties.

15.9
Certain obligations of the Parties hereunder, including confidentiality, shall
be binding on the Parties for 3 years after the termination or expiration of
this Contract.

15.10
This Contract has 4 counterparts, with each Party holding 2 copies. The
Appendices hereof are integral parts of this Contract and are equally authentic
as this Contract.

15.11
This Contract shall take effect once executed by both Parties and affixed with
the company seal or the seal for contracts.

Party A: seal of Guizhou Yi Mate Information

Supermarket
Project Development Co., Ltd. 		Party B: seal of Shenzhen CC Power

Corporation

Legal Representative or Authorized 	 	Principal or Authorized Representative:
Representative: (signature) 	 	(signature)
Handled by: Shang Donglin, Wang Zuling, 		Department Head:
Liao X
Handled by: Zheng Hongtao


May 25, 2009

8




