











SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

This Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into and is effective as of August
27, 2001 ("Effective Date") by and between ATI Technologies, Inc., an Ontario
corporation with a place of business at 33 Commerce Valley Drive East,
Markham, Ontario Canada L3T 7N6 ("ATI"), on behalf of itself and its
subsidiaries, and Evans & Sutherland Computer Corporation, a Utah corporation
with a place of business at 600 Komas Drive, Salt Lake City, Utah 84158 USA
("Licensee").

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

1.1        "Confidential Information" shall mean:

(a)         The  Source  Code  of the  Licensed  Software,  and  any  associated
information in any form, including manuals, and specifications.

(b)         All trade secrets and other proprietary ideas,  concepts,  know-how,
methodologies  and all  information  incorporated in and relating to
the Licensed Software, Products or any ATI ASIC or software used, or
planned to be used, in conjunction therewith.

(c)         All  enhancements,   upgrades,  modifications,   revisions  and  new
versions of the Source Code of the Licensed Software.

(d)         Any other  information  described or  designated as  proprietary  or
confidential   whether  or  not  owned  or  developed  by  ATI,  and
information disclosed to ATI by a third party which ATI is obligated
to treat as confidential. Confidential Information shall not include
information  which  belongs to Licensee  or is (i) already  known by
Licensee  without an  obligation of  confidentiality,  (ii) publicly
known or becomes  publicly known (other than as result of any breach
of this Agreement or any other agreement between the parties hereto)
through no unauthorized act of Licensee,  (iii) rightfully  received
by Licensee from a third party that is not a party to this Agreement
without  an  obligation  of   confidentiality,   (iv)  independently
developed   by  Licensee   without  the  use  of  the   Confidential
Information and Licensee can prove such independent development,  or
(v) prior to any disclosure, is specifically approved in writing for
disclosure by ATI.

1.2 "Derivative Work(s)" shall mean a work or authorship which is based upon the
Licensed Software, or any portion thereof, such as a revision, modification,
port, translation, abridgment, condensation, expansion, collection, compilation,
or any other form in which the Licensed Software or portion thereof may be
recast, transformed or adapted, and which, in the absence of this Agreement or
other authorization by AT[, would constitute an infringement of ATI's copyright
therein.

1.3 "Licensed Purpose" shall mean the development of software applications,
including driver software, to operate solely on or with Licensee's high end
personal computer image generator products which incorporate ATI's Products and
related software technology, and the support of such products.

1.4 "Licensed Software" shall mean the ATI software provided to Licensee as
identified in Attachment A, together with any associated information in any
form, including manuals, and specifications, all trade secrets and other
proprietary ideas, concepts, know-how, methodologies and all information
incorporated in and relating to the Licensed Software, the Products or any ATI
ASIC or software used, or planned to be used, in conjunction therewith, and all
enhancements, upgrades, modifications, revisions and new versions of the Source
Code of the Licensed Software.

1.5 "Object Code" shall mean the machine readable form computer programming code
as opposed to the human readable form of computer programming code.

1.6 "Products" means the ATI chip products currently code named 8200, 8300,
8350, Theater and Bridget.

1.7 "Site" shall mean the Licensee premises at the address set out above,
together with Licensee premises located at 600 Komas Drive, Salt Lake City, Utah
84158, USA.

1.8 "Source Code" shall mean the human readable form computer programming code
and related system level documentation, including all comments and any
procedural code such as job control language.


1
<PAGE>

ARTICLE II
LICENSE

2.1 License. ATI grants Licensee a non-exclusive, perpetual, , non-transferable,
non-assignable,  limited license (i) to use, copy,  modify and create Derivative
Works of the Source Code of the Licensed Software  internally at the Site solely
for the Licensed Purpose, (ii) to copy,  distribute,  perform, and sublicense to
end users,  in Object Code form only,  through all its channels of  distribution
worldwide,  the Source Code of the  Licensed  Software and  Derivative  Works so
developed  from the Source  Code of the  Licensed  Software,  and (iii) to copy,
modify,  create Derivative Works of and redistribute  written materials provided
with the Licensed Software which is clearly intended for such purposes. Licensee
may not  distribute,  market,  or  sublicense  the Source  Code of the  Licensed
Software.  Provided the Licensee  remains in compliance  with its obligations in
subsection  2.2 and section  3.1,  Licensee's  license  rights  with  respect to
Derivative Works will survive  notwithstanding  any expiration or termination of
this Agreement.

2.2  Restrictions.  Restrictions  regarding  Licensee's use of the  Confidential
Information  regardless  of  whether  the  Licensee  received  the  Confidential
Information  before,  on, or after the Effective Date of this Agreement,  are as
follows:

a)        Licensee shall use Confidential  Information solely for the Licensed
Purpose,  and shall  protect  the  confidentiality  of  Confidential
Information  with the same  degree  of care that it  exercises  with
respect to its own information of like import,  but in no event less
than  reasonable  care,  during the term  hereof and for a period of
five (5) years thereafter.
b)        Licensee shall limit access to and use of the Confidential
Information only to those of its employees identified on Attachment
B as having a "need to know" to allow Licensee to fulfill the
Licensed Purpose (the "Authorized List'); such list, may be amended
in writing from time to time by written agreement of the parties.
c)        Licensee shall ensure that its employees identified on the
Authorized List are advised of the confidential nature of the
Confidential Information and that it may only be divulged to other
members of the Authorized List.
d)        Licensee shall not permit any of its employees assigned to REALimage
series chip and related software development to have access to the
Confidential Information.
e)        Licensee shall not make or permit others to make any paper or
electronic copies of the Confidential Information, in whole or in
part, except as reasonably required to fulfill the Licensed Purpose
or as otherwise authorized by ATI in writing; provided that on all
such copies Licensee shall reproduce all notices, including without
limitation, copyright and confidentiality notices, on the
Confidential Information.
f)        In the event that Licensee uses any of the Confidential  Information
to develop software,  Licensee shall not distribute that software to
a third party who could  reasonably be considered an AT[  competitor
in any format or level of detail  which  would give the third  party
recipient  visibility  into  the  design  and  operation  of the AT[
hardware intended to work in conjunction with the Licensed Software.
For greater certainty,  but without  limitation,  Licensee shall not
distribute to any third party ATI competitor the Source Code form of
any software that directly calls on ATI hardware registers.  Nothing
in this  subsection  will prevent  Licensee  from  distributing  the
Licensed  Software and Derivative Works of the Licensed  Software in
Object Code form to end users under the terms of Licensee's end user
license agreement in accordance with Section 2.1 above.
g)        NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING ELSE EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED IN THIS
AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSEE USE THE CONFIDENTIAL
INFORMATION, INCLUDING THE SOURCE CODE OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE AND
ALL DERIVATIVE WORKS THEREOF, TO ENABLE, SUPPORT OR OTHERWISE AID
LICENSEE OR A THIRD PARTY TO DEVELOP TECHNOLOGY COMPETITIVE WITH THE
ATI TECHNOLOGY EMBODIED IN OR RELATING TO THE CONFIDENTIAL
INFORMATION.

ARTICLE III

PROTECTION OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS

3.1  Confidentiality.  When not  specifically  governed  by  section  2.2 above,
Licensee's  obligations  with  respect to the  proprietary  rights of ATI are as
follows:

(a)         Licensee  shall use at least the same means it uses to  protect  its
own  confidential  information,  but  in any  event  not  less  than
reasonable  means,  to prevent  the  disclosure  and to protect  the
proprietary nature of the Confidential Information.

3.2 Inspection.  Licensee grants to ATI the right, at any time during Licensee's
normal business hours,  upon reasonable  advance notice, to inspect any premises
where any portion or component  of the Source Code of the  Licensed  Software is
located for the sole purpose of verifying Licensee's  compliance with Licensee's
obligations,  provided  that ATI complies  with all security and safety rules in
effect at the Site.


2
<PAGE>

ARTICLE IV
OWNERSHIP AND FUTURE DEVELOPMENT

4.1 ATI  Ownership.  Licensee  acknowledges  and  agrees  that the  Confidential
Information,  including  without  limitation,  the Source  Code of the  Licensed
Software  and all  intermediate  and partial  versions  thereto,  including  all
modifications,  improvements,  enhancements,  updates, and bug fixes, Derivative
Works;  and all  intellectual  property  rights  therein,  are and will  remain,
subject to the provisions of Section 4.2, the sole and exclusive property of ATI
or a third party which may license parts of the Confidential Information to ATI.
Licensee shall have no right, title or interest therein,  except for the license
granted herein and in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.2. If provided
to Licensee, such versions, modifications,  improvements, enhancements, updates,
and bug fixes shall be deemed to be Confidential Information and are licensed to
Licensee  pursuant  to the terms of this  Agreement.  Licensee  waives all moral
rights it may have in such Derivative Works without further consideration.

4.2 Ownership of Derivative Works. As of the date hereof, Licensee acknowledges
and agrees that it has no ownership or other rights to any intellectual property
embodied in the Licensed Software or the Confidential Information. With respect
to Derivative Works of the Licensed Software, ownership will be determined in
accordance with section 4.1, except that the following provisions will apply:

(a) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Licensee shall own and
hold title to any intellectual property independently conceived and
developed by Licensee or its personnel without reference to the Source
Code of the Licensed Software and the Confidential Information,
whether prior to or during the term of this Agreement ("Background
Licensee IP"). The Parties agree that nothing in this Agreement is to
be construed to grant or imply to AT[ any rights with respect to
Background Licensee IP, except as provided for in subsection (c)
below.

(b) In the event Licensee has developed or develops Background
Licensee IP capable of being incorporated into a Derivative Work and
does not intend for ATI to have any ownership interest in such
Background Licensee IP, Licensee will advise ATI in writing of the
same prior to disclosing such Derivative Work to ATI in accordance
with subsection 4.3, and upon receipt of such notice ATI will have no
license or other rights in such Background Licensee IP, provided that
if Licensee incorporates the Background Licensee IP into such
Derivative Work, the provisions of subsection 4.2(c) will apply. If
Licensee elects not to incorporate the Background Licensee IP into
such Derivative Work, then the provisions of subsection 4.2(d) will
apply.

(c) To the extent Licensee incorporates Background Licensee IP into a
Derivative Work of the Licensed Software, Licensee will retain
ownership of such Background Licensee IP, provided that it hereby
grants ATI a royalty free, non-exclusive, perpetual, non-transferable,
non-assignable, limited license, solely for the development of
software applications, including driver software, to operate solely on
or with ATI's products and for the support of such products to: (i)
use, copy, modify and create Derivative Works of the Background
Licensee IP; (ii) copy, distribute, perform, and sublicense to end
users, in Object Code form only, through all its channels of
distribution worldwide, the Background Licensee IP and Derivative
Works so developed from the Source Code of the Background Licensee IP,
and (iii) to copy, modify, create Derivative Works of and redistribute
written materials clearly intended for end users, and which does not
disclose E&S confidential and proprietary information provided
therewith. Licensee waives all moral rights it may have in such
Derivative Works without further consideration.

(d) In the event  Licensee,  after  reviewing the Source Code of the
Licensed  Software and electing not to incorporate any, or a portion
of any,  Background  Licensee IP into a Derivative  Work, , Licensee
reserves the right to negotiate terms for the  incorporation of this
Background Licensee IP into Licensed Software at a later time during
the term of this Agreement.

4.3        Availability of Licensee Derivatives.

(a) All such Licensee Derivative Works, and any documentation relating thereto,
shall be provided to ATI at Licensee's major release points.

(b) All  Derivative  Works  provided to ATI under  subsections a) and b) of this
subsection  shall be  accompanied  by a  written  description,  at the level the
Licensee  normally  prepares in the course of its design efforts,  prepared by a


3
<PAGE>

knowledgeable  technical  person of Licensee  detailing  the changes  made,  the
functional result thereof, and the reason for making such changes, to the Source
Code of the Licensed Software.

ARTICLE V
WARRANTY, DISCLAIMERS, AND INDEMNIFICATION

5.1 Disclaimer. Both parties represent and warrant that they have full authority
to enter  into  this  Agreement  and all of the  terms  and  conditions  herein.
LICENSED SOFTWARE PROVIDED TO LICENSEE HEREUNDER IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY  WHATSOEVER.  THE ENTIRE RISK  ASSOCIATED  WITH THE USE OF CONFIDENTIAL
INFORMATION  RESIDES WITH  LICENSEE.  ALL OTHER  WARRANTIES,  EITHER  EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, ARE DISCLAIMED,  INCLUDING,  WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY,  ACCURACY,  CONDITION,  OWNERSHIP,  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, AND/OR OF NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.

5.2  Limitation of Liability.  EXCEPT FOR  LICENSEE'S  BREACH OF SECTIONS 2.2 or
3.1, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,  CONSEQUENTIAL,
PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES.

5.3  Indemnification.  Licensee agrees to indemnify,  defend,  and hold ATI, its
subsidiaries,  successors, officers, suppliers, directors and employees harmless
from any and all actions, causes of action, claims, demands, costs, liabilities,
expenses and damages, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or in
connection  with  Licensee's use of the Licensed  Software  and/or any breach of
Licensee's obligations under this Agreement.

ARTICLE VI
TERM AND BREACH

6.1 Term.  The term of this  Agreement  shall commence on the Effective Date and
shall  continue  for an initial  period of three (3) years  ("Term"),  and shall
automatically  renew  thereafter  for  consecutive  one  year  periods,   unless
terminated earlier in accordance with the following:

a)          In the event of a material breach by one party in the performance of
its duties,  obligations or undertakings  under this Agreement,  the
other  party  will  have the  right to give  written  notice  to the
breaching party advising such party of the specific breach involved.
If the  breaching  party has not remedied  such breach within thirty
(30) days after such notice, the other party will have the right, in
addition to any other rights and remedies it may have,  to terminate
this  Agreement  immediately  upon written  notice to the defaulting
party. The thirty (30) day cure period is not applicable to breaches
of confidentiality or improper disclosure of proprietary  technology
or other trade secrets.

b)          In the event  that the  Master  Sales  Agreement  dated of even date
herewith  between  the  parties  hereto to which this  Agreement  is
attached is  terminated  for  Purchaser's  failure to make  payments
required  there under,  ATI shall have the right to  terminate  this
Agreement immediately upon written notice to Purchaser.

c)          In the event that a party has been the subject of any  voluntary  or
involuntary   proceeding   relating   to   bankruptcy,   insolvency,
liquidation,  receivership,  composition  of or  assignment  for the
benefit of creditors,  the other party may terminate  this Agreement
by providing written notice to such party.

6.2 Effect of Termination.  Notwithstanding  the termination of the Master Sales
Agreement  or this  Agreement,  Licensee may continue to exercise its rights and
licenses in the Licensed  Software  under  Article II to provide  support to its
customers for products incorporating the Product.

ARTICLE VII
GENERAL PROVISIONS

7.1 Governing Law/Jurisdiction. This Agreement will be governed by and construed
under the laws of the State of California  without reference to its conflicts of
law  principles.  The rights and  obligations  under this Agreement shall not be
governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts or the International Sale
of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded.

4
<PAGE>

7.2 Notices.  All notices,  requests,  demands,  and other  communications to be
given or delivered  under or by reason of the provisions of this Agreement shall
be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered  personally upon receipt,
on the  next  business  day  when  sent by  overnight  mail,  including  without
limitation,  Federal  Express,  Express Mail or similar service to each party at
the address provided at the beginning of the Agreement.

7.3 Assignment.  Licensee's  rights and duties hereunder may not be sublicensed,
assigned or  transferred.  Any attempt by Licensee to effect such an assignment,
sublicense or transfer will  constitute a material  breach of this Agreement and
be null and void.  ATI may assign its rights and duties  hereunder to it parent,
subsidiary or affiliate or in the event of sale or merger.

7.4 Severability.  Whenever  possible,  each provision of this Agreement will be
interpreted  in such manner as to be effective and valid under  applicable  law,
but if any  provision of this  Agreement is held to be  prohibited by or invalid
under  applicable  law, the parties will negotiate in good faith to restate such
provision  to  reflect  the  original  intentions  of the  parties  as nearly as
possible in accordance with applicable law and the remaining  provisions of this
Agreement  shall be enforced  as if this  Agreement  was  entered  into with the
restated provision.

7.5  Modification;  Waiver.  This  Agreement  may be modified  only by a written
instrument  duly  executed  by or on behalf of each  party  hereto.  A waiver by
either of the parties  hereto of any of the  covenants  to be  performed  by the
other or any  breach  thereof  shall  not be  construed  to be a  waiver  of any
succeeding breach thereof or of any other covenant herein contained.

7.6  Remedies.  Except as  otherwise  provided in this  Agreement,  all remedies
provided for in this Agreement shall be cumulative and in addition to and not in
lieu of any  other  remedies  available  to  either  party at law,  in equity or
otherwise.  Licensee  acknowledges  that any disclosure or  distribution  of the
Source Code or Confidential  Information would cause  irreparable  injury to ATI
and ATI shall be entitled to seek  extraordinary  injunctive and other equitable
relief.

7.7 Entire Agreement.  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the
parties  hereto with respect to the subject  matter  hereof and  supersedes  and
replaces in all respects all other prior agreements and  understandings  between
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, whether written or
oral.

7.8  Export.  The  parties  agree to adhere to all  applicable  Export  Laws and
Regulations of the United States and Canada.

7.9 Surviving Obligations. The obligations of Sections 2.1, 2.2, 3.1, 4.2(c) and
Articles IV, V and VII shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

7.10 Similar Development.  Licensee understands that ATI may currently or in the
future be developing technology  internally,  or receiving technology from third
parties that may be similar to technology  developed by Licensee with the use of
or  access  to  ATI  Confidential  Information.  Accordingly,  nothing  in  this
Agreement will be construed as a  representation  or inference that ATI will not
develop.  products,  or have  products  developed  for it, or enter  into  joint
ventures,  alliances,  or  licensing  arrangements  that  operate  substantially
similar to and/or  compete with the technology  developed by Licensee  following
use of or access to the Confidential Information.

7.11 Residuals.  Notwithstanding  anything herein to the contrary, any party may
use Residuals for any purpose,  including without limitation use in development,
manufacture,  promotion,  sale and  maintenance  of its products  and  services;
provided  that this right to Residuals  does not  represent a license  under any
patents,  copyrights,  mask works or other  intellectual  property rights of the
disclosing  party.  The term "Residuals"  means any information  retained in the
unaided memories of the receiving  party's  employees who have had access to the
disclosing  party's  Confidential  Information  pursuant  to the  terms  of this
Agreement. An employee's memory is unaided if the employee has not intentionally
memorized  the  Confidential  Information  for  the  purpose  of  retaining  and
subsequently using or disclosing it.


5
<PAGE>

ATI TECHNOLOGIES INC.                    "LICENSEE"
By:     /S/ Dave Orton                       By:    /S/ James R. Oyler
Name:   Dave Orton                           Name   James R. Oyler
Title:  President and CEO                    Title: President and CEO
Date:   8/27/01                              Date:  8/30/01



6
<PAGE>

ATTACHMENT A

LIST OF ATI SOFTWARE:

R200 driver Source Code, 8300 driver Source Code, and 8350 driver Source
Code, BIOS source code and driver Source Code for Linux OS. Source Code,
if any, for ATI's Bridget and Theater products.



7
<PAGE>

ATTACHMENT B

AUTHORIZED USER LIST:

Personnel of the Evans & Sutherland PC Simulation group comprise the list
of authorized users. The current list of people include:

Bill Armstrong
Rob Snow
Reese Jones
Marie Swenson
Megan Dearden
Scott McCusker
Kevin Conlin
Thelda Jones
Bill Myers
Diego Escala
Reed Tidwell
Harrison Cooper
Allen Mathisen
Jim Bentley
Jeff Kirk


8
<PAGE>


