









Exhibit 10.4


EXCLUSIVE SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

This Agreement is made as of March 31, 1996, by and between
CARE CORPORATION LIMITED, a company incorporated in the British
Virgin Islands ("CCL"), WARNER INSURANCE SERVICES, INC., a
Delaware corporation ("WARNER"), and, for the limited purposes of
joining in Sections 4, 6, 8, 10, 11, 21, and 22, COVER-ALL
SYSTEMS, INC., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary
of WARNER ("COVER-ALL").

RECITALS

A.   CCL is the exclusive worldwide owner, except in the
Commonwealth of Australia, the Dominion of New Zealand, and the
United States of America, of all rights in certain computer
software and related documentation pertaining to the
administration of worker's compensation, as set forth and
described in Attachment A hereto (hereinafter referred to as the
"CARE Software").

B.   Pursuant to a separate agreement by and between CCL and
WARNER, entered into contemporaneously with this Agreement (the
"Stock Purchase Agreement"), CCL and WARNER intend that WARNER
issue to CCL 2,500,000 (two million five hundred thousand)
shares, $.01 par value, of WARNER's common stock (the "CCL
Shares").

C.   In consideration of WARNER's issuing the CCL Shares,
CCL and WARNER further intend that, in accordance with this
Agreement, CCL grant to WARNER an exclusive, fully paid up,
perpetual license for the CARE Software in Canada, Mexico,
Central America, and South America, while retaining all rights
outside of Canada, Mexico, Central America, and South America.

IN CONSIDERATION OF the Stock Purchase Agreement, the terms
and conditions of this Agreement, the premises contained herein,
and other good and valuable consideration,  the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, CCL, WARNER, and
COVER-ALL, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as
follows:

1.   DEFINITIONS.  The capitalized terms in this Section shall
have the meanings specified in this Section.

A.   "CCL Rights" mean all of CCL's rights in the CARE
Software.  For purposes of this Agreement, unless otherwise
clearly required by the context thereof, "CARE Software"
includes any CARE Modifications (as defined in Section 3) as
they are made.

B.   "Closing Date" has the meaning assigned to it in the
Stock Purchase Agreement.

C.   "Information" means any specifications, documentation,
software programs, software listings, designs, drawings,
data, customer listings, customer records, financial
records, business information, and any other information of
any kind whatsoever, whether in machine readable or visually
readable form, that is proprietary and/or confidential to
CCL, WARNER, or COVER-ALL.

D.   "License Revenue" has the meaning assigned to it in the
Stock Purchase Agreement.

E.   "Licensed Rights" means all the CCL Rights in the
Licensed Territory including, but not limited to, the rights
to use, possess, modify, prepare derivative works based in
whole or in part on the CARE Software, and sublicense the
CARE Software for use in the Licensed Territory.

F.   "Licensed Territory" means all of the territory of
Canada, Mexico, Central America, and South America, and
expressly excludes the United States of America, its
territories and possessions including, but not limited to,
the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.

G.   "Net Sales" has the meaning assigned to it in the Stock
Purchase Agreement.

H.   "Software Documentation" means the documents set forth
on Attachment A.

2.   GRANT.  CCL hereby grants to WARNER an exclusive, fully paid
up, perpetual license to the Licensed Rights in accordance with
this Agreement (the "Warner License"), including, but not limited
to, the right to:

A.   use the CARE Software internally (including the right
for third party contractors to use) for development,
support, and training;

B.   market the CARE Software, including the right to
conduct and provide demonstrations;

C.   sublicense the CARE Software to end-users for use in
the Licensed Territory;

D.   create CARE Modifications;

E.   create and distribute copies of the CARE Software
consistent with the grant in this Section and the terms of
this Agreement; and

F.   sublicense to COVER-ALL all of the rights set forth in
subsections A through E above and grant to COVER-ALL the
right to sublicense such rights, in the Licensed Territory,
to authorized distributors of COVER-ALL.

CCL shall deliver to WARNER, on or before the expiration of
one week after the date of this Agreement, two copies of the CARE
Software, one in source code format and one in object code
format, on a removable disk suitable for use on an IBM R/S 6000,
or other form of magnetic media as may be mutually agreed upon by
CCL and WARNER, and the Software Documentation.

CCL and WARNER agree that the intent of this Section is to
cause WARNER to be the exclusive licensee of all of the CCL
Rights in the Licensed Territory and for CCL to retain all other
rights to the CARE Software outside the Licensed Territory.

3.   MODIFICATIONS.  For all modifications made to the CARE
Software ("CARE Modifications") including, without limitation,
error corrections, updates, enhancements, versions, releases, and
derivative works, and related documentation, whether made by
WARNER or by any other entity, including without limitation CCL,
the following reciprocal rights apply:

A.   WARNER shall be deemed to be the exclusive licensee of
the rights to CARE Modifications in the Licensed Territory
and such rights shall be considered part of the Licensed
Rights without additional cost to WARNER.

B.   CCL shall be deemed to have retained, without cost to
CCL, all other rights to the CARE Modifications including,
without limitation, all rights outside of the Licensed
Territory.

C.   CCL and WARNER shall use reasonable efforts to
establish a written procedure and schedule to inform each
other of CARE Modifications, to specify the CARE
Modifications that each party wants provided to it, and to
establish a schedule for providing such CARE Modifications
to the other party or to an entity specified in writing by
the other party, which written procedure and schedules shall
be incorporated into a letter agreement between CCL and
WARNER, which shall expressly be binding on any successors
and permitted assigns, within 60 days after the date of this
Agreement or such later date as the parties may mutually
agree.

D.   The CARE Modifications shall be deemed to be part of
the CARE Software.

4.   DEVELOPMENT AND MARKETING EFFORTS COVENANT.  WARNER and
COVER-ALL agree to use their commercially reasonable best efforts
to (i) develop and market the CARE Software in the Licensed
Territory and (ii) generate License Revenue and Net Sales.
Without limiting the foregoing and subject to the availability of
adequate capital resources, for the three-year period ending
after the date hereof WARNER, or WARNER and its subsidiaries,
shall have a development and marketing budget in an aggregate
amount equal to not less than 20% of anticipated Net Sales of
$5,000,000 for such period.  WARNER shall prepare and submit,
after approval by the Board of Directors of WARNER, to CCL, for
its advice and input, an annual budget plan for each of the next
three years after the Closing Date for development and marketing
expenditures of at least $333,333, and WARNER agrees to expend at
least two-thirds of the $333,333 in each such year by utilizing
such marketing firms or marketing consultants as designated by
CCL.  WARNER shall submit the budget plan (1) for the first year
after the Closing Date within 30 days after the date hereof and
(2) for each of the next two years by February 28 of the next
calendar year.  The failure of WARNER to submit any annual budget
plan when required, to approve such plans (as originally proposed
or as modified with CCL's consent) within a reasonable time after
submission thereof, or to fund a development and marketing budget
pursuant to such plans or in such aggregate amount for whatever
reason, shall constitute a breach of this covenant, which breach
shall result in WARNER having a nonexclusive license of the
Licensed Rights thereafter; provided, however, that WARNER shall
have 30 days to remedy any such failure.

5.   SOFTWARE SUPPORT SERVICES.  CCL shall provide, or shall
arrange for the provision of, reasonable support services to
WARNER for the maintenance and support of the CARE Software, such
services to be provided to WARNER at usual and customary rates.
Within 60 days after the date of this Agreement, CCL and WARNER
shall enter into a written agreement with respect to the support
services to be provided (the "Support Services Agreement").  The
Support Services Agreement shall, to the extent commercially
foreseeable, to provide for a class of support services based
upon the support standards set forth in Attachment B hereto.
Upon execution by WARNER and CCL, the Support Services Agreement
shall be appended to and incorporated into and made a part of
this Agreement in substitution of Attachment B.

6.   TERMINATION.  Either party may terminate this Agreement upon
written notice to the other party if the other party breaches any
of the provisions herein; provided the non-breaching party has
first given the other party notice of such breach and the other
party has failed to cure such breach within thirty days after
receipt of such notice.  The Warner License terminates upon
termination of this Agreement immediately and without notice.

7.   INJUNCTIVE RELIEF.  In addition to such other rights as the
parties may have at law and in equity, the parties may, without
the requirement of posting bond, enforce the provisions of this
agreement by injunctive relief including, without limitation, by
obtaining specific performance.

8.   CONFIDENTIALITY.

A.   WARNER, CCL, and COVER-ALL shall use their commercially
reasonable best efforts to protect the trade secrets
contained in the CARE Software and shall also provide
appropriate safeguards to prevent the disclosure of the CARE
Software to any entity that has not executed an agreement
providing for the confidentiality and non-disclosure of the
CARE Software.

B.   Each party agrees and acknowledges that any Information
that is furnished or made available or otherwise disclosed
to another party pursuant to this Agreement is valuable
proprietary and/or confidential information of the
disclosing party and shall remain the property of the
disclosing party.

D.   The parties agree that all Information shall be kept
strictly confidential and shall be treated by the receiving
party and by any person authorized, pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement, to have access thereto, as being valuable
confidential and proprietary Information of the disclosing
party.  The receiving party shall protect the disclosing
party's Information from unauthorized use or disclosure
using the same standard of care which it uses to protect its
own proprietary and/or confidential information.

E.   The receiving party of any Information shall not,
without the prior written consent of the disclosing party,
disclose, provide, or otherwise make available any item of
Information to any person or entity other than those of its
employees, agents, or representatives who have a need to
know such Information in order for the receiving party to
carry out its obligations or exercise its rights hereunder.
The receiving party shall require its employees, agents, or
representatives who have access to Information to be made
aware of its confidential and/or proprietary nature and of
the applicable requirements relative to maintaining the
confidence of such Information.  The receiving party shall
enforce these provisions for the benefit of the disclosing
party.

F.   The obligations and limitations set forth in this
Section shall not apply to Information that is:  (i) at any
time available to the public other than as a consequence of
a breach of this Agreement by the receiving party; (ii) at
any time rightfully received by one of the parties from a
third party which has the right to transmit and does
transmit such Information to the receiving party; (iii)
rightfully known to the receiving party without any
limitation on use or disclosure prior to receipt of such
Information, as substantiated by a writing predating the
date of this Agreement; and (iv) independently developed by
personnel of a party who have not had access to whatsoever
to such Information.

G.   The Receiving Party shall not be prohibited from
disclosing Information pursuant to a valid and effective
order issued by a court of competent jurisdiction or
governmental authority having appropriate statutory powers,
but any such disclosure shall be made only to the extent so
ordered and only if the receiving party timely notifies the
disclosing party prior to such disclosure so that the
disclosing party may intervene in response to any such order
for disclosure.

H.   The obligations of this Section shall survive the
termination of this Agreement.

9.   CCL WARRANTIES.  CCL hereby makes the express warranties and
representations described in this Section.

A.   CCL warrants and represents that it has full authority
to enter into this Agreement and to grant to WARNER the
rights granted in this Agreement.

B.   CCL warrants and represents that the CARE Software and
CARE Modifications, as delivered to WARNER, do not infringe
the copyright, patent, or trademark rights, or
misappropriate the trade secrets, of any entity.

C.   CCL warrants and represents that its signature set
forth below has been and is on the date of this Agreement
duly authorized by all necessary and appropriate corporate
action to execute this Agreement.

D.   CCL warrants and represents that it has not taken any
action which would affect its status as the owner of the
entire right, title, and interest in and to, and the right
to license, the Licensed Rights, and CCL has the right to
disclose and license the same to WARNER, free and clear of
any and all liens or other security interests or
encumbrances, restrictions, equities, or claims of every
kind and nature whatsoever.  There are no contracts,
commitments, or understandings or other obligations of CCL
with or to any person with respect to the Licensed Rights,
or otherwise relating in any manner to the subject matter
of, or in any way conflicting with any of the obligations of
CCL under, this Agreement.

E.   CCL warrants (i) for a period of 90 days from the date
of the first delivery by WARNER of the CARE Software to a
client (a "CCL Warranty Period") that the CARE Software as
originally delivered to WARNER will perform substantially in
accordance with the technical and functional specifications
as set forth in the Software Documentation with respect to
the administration of worker's compensation claims in the
United States and (ii) for a period of 90 days from the date
of delivery to WARNER (a "CCL Warranty Period"), that the
CARE Modifications delivered after the date of this
Agreement will perform substantially in accordance with the
technical and functional specifications thereof.  As
WARNER's sole remedy upon the breach of the warranty set
forth in this subsection, if WARNER notifies CCL, before the
expiration of the applicable CCL Warranty Period, that the
CARE Software or the CARE Modification has failed to perform
substantially in accordance with the respective
specifications thereof, then CCL shall at no charge to
WARNER promptly correct any such performance failure and
deliver to WARNER a corrected and fully functioning version
of the CARE Software.

10.  WARNER AND COVER-ALL WARRANTIES.  WARNER and COVER-ALL
hereby make the express warranties and representations described
in this Section.

A.   WARNER and COVER-ALL each warrant and represent that it
has full authority to enter into this Agreement.

B.   WARNER and COVER-ALL each warrant and represent that
its signature set forth below has been and is on the date of
this Agreement duly authorized by all necessary and
appropriate corporate action to execute this Agreement.

C.   WARNER warrants and represents that the CARE
Modifications, as delivered to CCL by WARNER, do not
infringe the copyright, patent, or trademark rights, or
misappropriate the trade secrets, of any entity.

D.   WARNER warrants for a period of 90 days from the date
of delivery to CCL by WARNER (the "Warner Warranty Period")
that the CARE Modifications delivered after the date of this
Agreement will perform substantially in accordance with the
technical and functional specifications thereof.  As CCL's
sole remedy upon the breach of the warranty set forth in
this subsection, if CCL notifies WARNER, before the
expiration of the applicable WARNER Warranty Period, that
any such CARE Modification has failed to perform
substantially in accordance with the specifications thereof,
then WARNER shall at no charge to CCL promptly correct any
such performance failure and deliver to CCL a corrected and
fully functioning version of the CARE Modification.

11.  CCL'S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INDEMNITY.  CCL shall defend,
indemnify, and hold WARNER and COVER-ALL and any sublicensee of
WARNER or COVER-ALL (each an "Indemnitee") harmless from and
against all damages, actions, settlements, judgments, claims, and
demands made against, recovered against, suffered by, and/or
incurred by an Indemnitee and which arise out of a claim that the
CARE Software, as delivered to WARNER or COVER-ALL, infringes the
copyright, patent, or trademark rights, or misappropriates the
trade secrets, of any entity.  CCL's indemnity in this Section
shall be subject to the following terms and conditions (for
purposes of the following subsections, "WARNER" shall be deemed
to include "COVER-ALL"):

A.   WARNER shall promptly notify CCL in writing when WARNER
has actual knowledge of any such claim.

B.   WARNER shall require any sublicensee to promptly notify
WARNER when such WARNER sublicensee has actual knowledge of
any such claim.  In order to avail itself of CCL's indemnity
in this Section, any WARNER sublicensee must have so
notified WARNER.

C.   CCL's indemnity of any sublicensee of WARNER shall be
limited to the extent of the underlying sublicense from
WARNER, which sublicense must be consistent with the terms
and conditions of this Agreement.

D.   CCL shall have complete control over the defense,
settlement, and compromise of any such claim; provided,
however, that the Indemnitee may participate in the defense
with counsel of its own choice and at its own expense.

E.   WARNER agrees, and shall require any sublicensee to
agree (if an Indemnitee), to cooperate reasonably in the
defense, settlement, and compromise of such claim at CCL's
expense, except that if an Indemnitee desires to retain its
own counsel, it shall do so at its own cost and expense.

F.   If the CARE Software becomes the subject of any such
claim, or if the CARE Software is held to constitute such an
infringement, and the use of the CARE Software by an
Indemnitee is enjoined, CCL shall, at its expense and at its
option, use its commercially reasonable best efforts either
(i) to procure for the Indemnitee the right to continue
using the CARE Software or (ii) to create CARE Modifications
to make it functionally equivalent and non-infringing.

G.   CCL shall have no liability for any such claim based
upon (i) use of other than the most current version of the
CARE Software made available to WARNER by CCL (including any
and all CARE Modifications provided to WARNER by CCL) if
such claim would have been avoided by the use of such
version or (ii) infringement resulting from WARNER's
modifications, adaptation, or enhancement of the CARE
Software.

12.  PROTECTION OF THE CARE SOFTWARE.

A.   If any party to this Agreement shall become aware of
any infringement by any third party of the CARE Software in
the Licensed Territory or any misappropriation of a trade
secret by any third party relating to the CARE Software in
the Licensed Territory, it shall promptly notify the other
of such infringement.

B.   CCL, may, at its expense, institute suit against such
infringer, and WARNER shall fully cooperate with CCL to
enjoin such infringement or acts and shall, if requested by
CCL, join with CCL as a party to any action brought by CCL
for such purpose.  CCL shall bear all expenses connected
with the foregoing, except that if WARNER desires to retain
its own counsel, it shall do so at its own cost and expense.

C.   If CCL, after being notified of such infringement or
misappropriation, elects not to institute suit against such
infringer, then WARNER may, at its expense, institute suit
against such infringer, and CCL shall fully cooperate with
WARNER to enjoin such infringement or misappropriation and
if reasonably necessary, shall, if requested, join with
WARNER as a party to any action brought by WARNER for such
purpose.  WARNER shall bear all expenses connected with the
foregoing, except that if CCL desires to retain its own
counsel, if shall do so at its own cost and expense.

D.   Any recovery as a result of any infringement or
misappropriation pursuant to this provision shall belong
solely to the party instituting such action.

13.  INDEMNITY.  Each party shall indemnify and hold harmless the
other party, and such other party's licensees, officers,
directors, employees, agents, and other representatives, from and
against any loss, damage, liability (including any liability by
reason of a bona fide settlement of a claim, action, suit, or
proceeding), or expense (including reasonable attorneys' fees)
arising out of or connected with any breach or inaccuracy of any
representation, warranty or covenant by it contained in this
Agreement or in any certificate or other instrument or document
delivered pursuant to this Agreement, or any claim, action, suit,
or proceeding asserted or instituted arising out of any matter or
thing covered by such representations, warranties or covenants.

In the event that either party shall breach or otherwise
fail to perform any of its obligation under this Agreement, the
non-breaching party may, at its election, and in addition to any
and all other remedies it may have under this Agreement or
otherwise, perform any such obligations.

The obligations of indemnity under this Section shall
survive all performances under this Agreement.

14.  DISCLAIMER.  EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES GRANTED IN
THE SECTION ENTITLED "CCL WARRANTIES,"  CCL MAKES NO OTHER
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

15.  GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE.  This Agreement shall be governed
by the laws of the State of Delaware, U.S.A., except for its laws
relating to choice of law.

16.  NO WAIVER.  No failure to exercise and no delay in
exercising any right, power, or remedy under this Agreement will
operate as a waiver.  Nor will any single or partial exercise of
any right, power, or remedy preclude any other or further
exercise of that or any other right, power, or remedy.

17.  REMEDIES CUMULATIVE.  All remedies provided for in this
Agreement are cumulative and in addition to such other remedies
as may be available at law and in equity.

18.  SEVERABILITY.  If any provision of this Agreement is
declared or found to be illegal, unenforceable, or void, then the
parties will be relieved of all obligations arising under such
provision, but only to the extent that such provision is illegal,
unenforceable, or void, it being the intent and agreement of the
parties that this Agreement will be deemed amended by modifying
such provision to the extent necessary to make it legal and
enforceable while preserving its intent or, if that is not
possible, by substituting another provision that is legal and
enforceable and achieves the same intent.  If the remainder of
this Agreement will not be affected by such declaration or
finding and is capable of substantial performance, then each
provision not so affected will be enforced to the extent
permitted by law.

19.  COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in
counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one
instrument.

20.  RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES.  This Agreement does not create a
partnership or joint venture relationship, nor does it authorize
either party to serve as the legal representative or agent of the
other.  CCL and WARNER are independent contractors and will
remain independent contractors unless hereafter agreed otherwise
in writing.  No party will have any right or authority to assume,
create, or incur any liability or any obligation of any kind,
express or implied, against or in the name or on behalf of any
other party.

21.  ASSIGNMENT.   WARNER  may assign this Agreement only with
the prior express, written consent of CCL; provided, that,
without the consent of CCL, WARNER may assign this Agreement to
COVER-ALL and COVER-ALL, without the consent of CCL, may assign
this Agreement in connection with the transfer of all or
substantially all of COVER-ALL's assets or in connection with a
merger or consolidation of COVER-ALL into a third party.

22.   NOTICE.  Any notices or demands required to be given herein
shall be given to the parties in writing, and by certified mail,
return receipt requested, at the addresses hereinafter set forth,
or to such other addresses as the parties may hereinafter
substitute by written notice given in  the manner prescribed in
this Section:

A.   NOTICE TO WARNER OR COVER-ALL:

Warner Insurance Services, Inc.

18-01 Pollitt Drive
Fair Lawn, New Jersey 07410
Attention: President

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Leonard Gubar, Esq.
Reid & Priest LLP
40 West 57th Street
New York, New York  10019

B.  NOTICE TO CCL:

Care Corporation Limited
c/o Moore Stephens International Services (BVI) Limited
Abbott Building
P. O. Box 3186
Main Street
Road Town
Tortola, British Virgin Islands
Telecopy No.:  (809) 494-3592
Attention:  Carol Raward

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Alan J. Perkins, Esquire
Gardere & Wynne, L.L.P.
3000 Thanksgiving Tower
1601 Elm Street
Dallas, Texas 75201

23.  BINDING EFFECT.  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit
of and bind the parties hereto, and their successors and
permitted assigns.

24.  SECTION HEADINGS.  All section headings contained herein are
for convenience or reference only and are not intended to define
or limit the scope of any provision of this Agreement.

25.  EXPENSES FOR ENFORCEMENT.  In the event either party hereto
is required to employ an attorney to enforce the provisions of
this Agreement or is required to commence legal proceedings to
enforce the provisions hereof, the prevailing party shall be
entitled to recover from the other, reasonable attorney's fees
and court costs incurred in connection with such enforcement,
including, but not limited to, collection agency fees, reasonable
attorney fees, litigation fees, and costs of investigation and
litigation.

26.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  It is expressly agreed that this
Agreement and its attachment embody the entire agreement of the
parties in relation to the subject matter herein, and that there
is no other oral or written agreement or understanding between
the parties at the time of execution hereunder.  Further, this
Agreement cannot be modified except by the written agreement of
all parties hereto.




[THE NEXT FOLLOWING PAGE IS THE SIGNATURE PAGE.]


<PAGE>

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, WARNER and CCL have each have caused
this Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the date first
above written.


WARNER INSURANCE SERVICES, INC.         CARE CORPORATION LIMITED



By: /s Raul F. Calvo                    By: /s/ Mark Donald Johnston

Name:  RAUL F. CALVO                    Name: MARK DONALD JOHNSTON

Title:  VICE PRESIDENT                  Title: DIRECTOR/AUTHORIZED
---------------------                      SIGNATORY

COVER-ALL SYSTEMS, INC.

By: /s/ Peter C. Lynch

Name:  PETER C. LYNCH

Title:  PRESIDENT




