










SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT


This SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is entered into this 28th
day of May,  1999, by and between  MAVERICK  INTERNATIONAL  PROCESSING  SERVICE,
INC., an Arizona  corporation  with its  principal  place of business at 6390 E.
Broadway  Boulevard,  Tucson,  Arizona 85710 (the "Licensor") and U.S.  WIRELESS
DATA,  INC.,  a Colorado  corporation  with its  principal  place of business at
Watergate  Tower II, 2200 Powell Street,  Suite 800,  Emeryville,  CA 94608-1876
(the "Licensee").


RECITALS

WHEREAS,  Licensor is the owner of certain computer  software  programs
and related  documentation  pertaining to the  authorization and capture of data
transactions originating with the use of payment cards; and

WHEREAS, Licensor desires to grant to Licensee, and Licensee desires to
obtain a  non-exclusive,  fully paid license to use certain of those programs on
the terms and conditions set forth herein.

NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the foregoing and of the mutual
covenants contained herein, the parties agree as follows:

1.       Grant of License.

1.1 License.  Licensor  hereby grants to Licensee,  and Licensee hereby
accepts,  subject to the terms and  conditions  set forth in this  Agreement,  a
non-exclusive,  non-transferable,  perpetual license in the United States to (a)
use the StrongBox(TM)  payment authorization and data capture software developed
and owned by Licensor  and any changes or  additions  thereto  made  pursuant to
Section  3 below  (the  "Licensed  Software");  and  (b)  use any  documentation
developed by Licensee relating to the Licensed Software. Licensed Software shall
include  documentation,   scripts,   database  stored  procedures,   and  binary
executable  code.  Licensed  Software does not include any Source Code.  "Source
Code"  means the  version of the  Licensed  Software  in  assembly  language  or
high-level  language  which must be assembled or compiled so that a computer can
execute the program.

1.2 Title to Software. The Licensed Software shall remain the exclusive
property of  Licensor.  Licensee  shall not acquire any title to or ownership of
the   Licensed   Software   under  or  by  reason  of  this   Agreement  or  any
customizations,  enhancements  or upgrades that might be made by Licensor at the
request of Licensee.
Licensee will ensure that all copies of the Licensed  Software are
conspicuously marked with Licensor's copyright notice as follows:

"This  Product  has been  provided  and may be used only under the
terms and conditions of an Agreement,  which includes restrictions
on copying and transfer to third parties. No title or ownership to
this Product is hereby transferred."

(C)Maverick(R) International Processing Services, Inc. 1999
<PAGE>
2.       License Fee.

2.1 Issuance of Stock. In consideration  of Licensor's  granting of the
License,  Licensee  shall grant to Licensor  three  hundred  thousand  (300,000)
shares of Licensee's common stock ("Stock"),  having an expected market value of
One Million Dollars  ($1,000,000) to be delivered no later than thirty (30) days
after the date of this Agreement (the "Delivery  Date").  If the market value of
Stock is less than $3 1/3 per  share,  (split-adjusted)  at the  Delivery  Date,
Licensee  shall  deliver  sufficient  additional  Stock  of up  to  seventy-five
thousand  (75,000)  shares to return the  aggregate  market value to One Million
Dollars ($1,000,000). If the market value of Stock is less than $2 2/3 per share
(split-adjusted)  at the Delivery Date, the total  consideration  received under
this Agreement  shall be limited to 375,000 shares  multiplied by the applicable
market value per share.  The  Licensee's  Common  stock will have a  restrictive
legend  attached and be subject to the terms and  conditions  of rule 144 of the
securities act.

3.       Updates and Maintenance.

3.1 Upon the  completion  of any  maintenance  or  enhancements  to the
Licensed  Software  made by Licensor for its own benefit  during the term of the
Management  Services Agreement (an "Update"),  such Update shall be installed on
the  Maverick  Systems and  operated  for  Licensor  and shall be  automatically
included in the license granted herein to Licensee,  at no extra charge,  unless
such  Update was  developed  or created at  Licensee's  request,  in which event
Licensee shall pay to Licensor a fee of Licensor's direct  development cost plus
25% markup for the  development  of such Update.  In the event Licensee has paid
Licensor for the Update and Licensor  subsequently  wishes to use the Update for
its  own  benefit,  Licensor  shall  reimburse  Licensee  for  one-half  of  the
development  fee.  Notwithstanding  any request for  development or payment of a
development  fee by  Licensor,  the  resulting  Update shall remain the sole and
exclusive property of Licensor.

4.       Installation and Operation of Licensed Software.

4.1  Designated  Site.  During  the  term  of the  Management  Services
Agreement  the Software  shall reside only on systems  belonging to or under the
control of Licensor (the "Maverick  System") and will be operated by Licensor on
behalf of Licensee under the terms of said  agreement.  Upon  termination of the
Management  Services  Agreement,  Licensee may designate a single  domestic site
where it wishes to have the Software installed (the "Designated Site") and shall
provide  written  notice of the date upon  which it wishes  the  software  to be
delivered (the "Delivery Date");  provided,  however, such notice shall be given
no later than one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the Delivery  Date." In the
event of a  termination  for cause by USWD,  the Delivery  Date shall be no more
than  thirty (30) days after such  termination.  Licensor  will  deliver two (2)
copies of the  production  version of the  Licensed  Software as it exists as of
fourteen  (14) days prior to the Delivery  Date and will install one (1) copy at
the Designated Site promptly but no later than fourteen (14) business days after
the Delivery Date.

4.2 Licensee to Prepare Designated Site. Licensee shall arrange to have
the  Designated  Site  prepared  and  ready  for  installation  of the  Licensed
Software,  at  Licensee's  sole expense.  Licensor  agrees that its cost for any
assistance in site  preparation,  installation  and training shall be limited to
its  direct  costs,  including,  but not  limited  to salary  and  benefits  for
personnel  and  out-of-pocket  travel  expenses,  plus a markup  of  twenty-five
percent (25%).

4.3  Hardware.  Promptly  upon receipt of notice of the Delivery  Date,
Licensor shall advise Licensee  concerning the  specifications  and requirements
for (a) all hardware and

<PAGE>
related installation systems, needed to be installed by
Licensee at the  Designated  Site in order to operate the Licensed  Software and
(b) all  operating  systems,  utilities or other  supporting  software  that, in
Licensor's reasonable judgment are required for proper operation of the Licensed
Software.  Licensee shall be solely  responsible,  at its sole cost and expense,
for the  acquisition  of all hardware to create the system on which the Licensed
Software  is to  be  installed  (the  "USWD  System"),  all  electrical  cabling
necessary  to install the USWD  System and all work  necessary  to provide  such
cabling and  electrical  power for that  system.  In the event of any  conflicts
between  the  written  environmental  or  technical  specifications  provided by
Licensor  and those of any  manufacturer  of  hardware  being  used for the USWD
System,  Licensee shall follow the  specifications  of the  manufacturer of such
hardware.

4.4 Maintenance.  After delivery of Licensed  Software,  Licensor shall
perform  maintenance for processing updates mandated by Visa,  U.S.A.,  Inc. and
MasterCard  International,  Inc. only. Terms and conditions for such maintenance
are contained in the Software  Maintenance  Agreement that is Exhibit A attached
hereto  and is hereby  incorporated  by  reference  into this  Agreement.  After
delivery,  Licensee shall be have the right, subject to Exhibit A, to customize,
update or develop  modifications and improvements to the Licensed  Software,  or
retain the  services of a third party to do so on its behalf,  in which case the
derivative copyrights relating to such updates, customizations and modifications
shall be the property of Licensee or such third party,  although  Licensee shall
not acquire any title or ownership of the underlying Licensed Software by reason
thereof.

5.  Confidential  Information  and  Non-Disclosure.
Licensor and Licensee each  acknowledges  that in the course of  performing  its
obligations  hereunder,  it may receive,  develop or otherwise  acquire  certain
information  that the other  party  deems as its  proprietary  and  confidential
information  ("Confidential  Information").  All  Confidential  Information of a
party  that the other  party may now  possess,  may  obtain  during or after the
performance of this Agreement will be held  confidential by the receiving party,
and that party will not (nor will it assist any other  person to do so) directly
or indirectly reveal, report, publish or disclose such Confidential  Information
to any person, firm or corporation not expressly  authorized by the party owning
such Confidential Information to receive such Confidential  Information,  or use
(or assist any person to use) such Confidential  Information  except (a) for the
benefit of the party  owing the  Confidential  Information  and in the course of
performing  it  obligations  hereunder,  or  (b) as  necessary  to  fulfill  any
obligations of the revealing party under this Agreement; provided, however, that
the  forgoing  will not apply to the extent  that  either  party is  required to
disclose Confidential  Information of the other party by applicable law or legal
process so as the  revealing  party  promptly  notifies  the other party of such
pending  disclosure  and  consults  with  that  party  prior to such  disclosure
concerning  the  advisability  of seeking a  protective  order or other means of
preserving  the  confidentiality  of the  Confidential  Information.  Each party
acknowledges  that the Confidential  Information of the other party is important
and unique to that party and that it materially affects the party's goodwill and
its  successful  conduct of  business.  Licensee  shall not, nor help others to,
reverse engineer,  decompile, create or attempt to create the Source Code of the
Licensed Software.

6.  Licensor's  Representations  and  Warranties.
Licensor hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Licensee:

6.1 Licensor is the owner of the Licensed Software,  with the right and
authority to convey and grant the license granted to Licensee herein.


<PAGE>
6.2 Licensee's  use of the Licensed  Software as  contemplated  in this
Agreement will not infringe any third party's proprietary rights.

7.       Warranties.

7.1  Conformance  to  Specifications.  Licensee  acknowledges  that all
Licensed  Software is the same software that will have been utilized by Licensor
in the  operation  of its  payment  processing  business  during the term of the
Management  Services Agreement and that all Licensed Software,  whether existing
at the time of  execution of this  Agreement  or an Update as set forth  herein,
will have been  installed,  tested and  operated by Licensor  for the benefit of
Licensor for an  undetermined  period of time before the Delivery Date and that,
as a result of such prior operation, Licensor shall have direct knowledge of the
features, functions and operability of the software.  Therefore,  Licensor makes
no warranties, written or implied, and specifically disclaims any warranties for
merchantability  or  fitness  for  a  particular  purpose,   regarding  Licensed
Software.  Further, Licensor makes no warranties,  written or implied, regarding
the  operation of the Licensed  Software on the USWD System.  Licensor  does not
warrant the operation of any hardware, firmware, operating systems, utilities or
other  supporting  software   constituting  the  USWD  System  and  utilized  in
conjunction with the Licensed Software.  Licensor  acknowledges that hardware or
firmware  problems may adversely  affect the operation of the Licensed  Software
and that Licensor shall not be responsible for such problems.

7.2 Physical Media Warranty.  Licensor warrants to Licensee, subject to
limitations  regarding the USWD System set forth in Section 7, that each copy of
the Licensed  Software provided by Licensor to Licensee is and will be free from
physical  defects in the media that  tangibly  embodies the copy (the  "Physical
Media  Warranty").  The  Physical  Media  Warranty  does not  apply  to  defects
discovered more than thirty (30) calendar days after the date of delivery of the
copy by Licensor.
(a) The  Physical  Media  Warranty  does not apply to  defects
arising from acts of non-Licensor personnel,  misuse, theft, vandalism,
fire, water, acts of God or other peril.
(b)  Licensee's  sole remedy for breach of the Physical  Media
Warranty,  to the  exclusion of all other  remedies  therefor,  will be
replacement  by Licensor of any copy provided by Licensor that does not
comply with the warranty at Licensor's expense,  including shipping and
handling costs.

7.3      No Surreptitious Code Warranty.

(a)      Licensor  warrants  to Licensee  that no copy  of the
Licensed  Software  provided to Licensee by Licensor  contains or will
contain  any  Self-Help  Code nor any  unauthorized  Code (as  defined
below) (the "Surreptitious Code Warranty");  provided,  however,  this
warranty specifically excludes any Self-Help Code that might reside in
the Licensed  Software by virtue of the use of third-party  compilers,
utilities and  programming  tools in the  development  of the Licensed
Software.  (b) As used in this Agreement,  "Self-Help  Code" means any
back  door,  time bomb,  drop dead  device or other  software  routine
designed to disable a computer program  automatically with the passage
of time or  under  the  positive  control  of a  person  other  than a
licensee of the  program.  Self-Help  Code does not  include  software
routines in a program,  if any,  designed to permit Licensor (or other
person  acting by authority of  Licensor) to obtain  remote  access to
Licensee's  computer  systems via modem for purposes of maintenance or
technical support.


<PAGE>


(c)     As used in  this Agreement, "Unauthorized Code" means
any virus Trojan horse,  worm or other  software  routines or hardware
components designed to permit unauthorized  access; to disable,  erase
or otherwise harm software,  hardware or data; or to perform any other
such actions.  The term  Unauthorized  Code does not include Self-Help
Code.

8.        Responsibility  for Use.
Licensee shall take all reasonable  and necessary  actions to establish  back-up
and other protective measures to insure the protection and retention of its data
and information. Licensor assumes no responsibility for Licensee's negligence or
failure  to take  reasonable  measures  to  protect  the  Licensed  Software  or
Licensee's  data  from  inadvertent  modification,   deletion,   destruction  or
disclosure.

9.       Patent, Trade Secret and Copyright.

9.1 Licensor  warrants that the  intellectual  and industrial  property
rights of the Licensed  Software are vested in Licensor and that Licensor is not
in any way  restricted  from  granting  rights to use the  Licensed  Software as
foreseen in this Agreement.

9.2 Licensor  shall hold  harmless and indemnify  Licensee  against all
claims from third parties regarding  infringement of intellectual and industrial
property rights  concerning the use of the Licensed Software as foreseen in this
Agreement.  If a third party brings any action against Licensee,  Licensor shall
take over all conduct of the claim and all  settlements  (including the judicial
costs) at its own  expense.  Licensee  is obliged to notify  Licensor in writing
immediately upon receipt of any such claim giving full details,  and may make no
statements  prejudicial to Licensor  unless forced thereto  according to Arizona
law. In no event shall Licensee  settle any such claims,  lawsuit or proceedings
without  Licensor's  prior  written  approval.  Licensee  shall  cooperate  with
Licensor in the defense of any claim, lawsuit or proceeding.

9.3 If as the result of legal action or otherwise it is proven that use
of the Licensed  Software by Licensee  infringes the intellectual and industrial
property rights of a third party, Licensor shall at its own discretion and at no
charge to Licensee:
(a)      Acquire continued rights of use for Licensee; or
(b) Alter or exchange the Licensed Software in such a way that
the  infringement  ceases.  Such alteration or exchange may not lead to
the  Licensed   Software's   no  longer   satisfying   the   applicable
specifications.  Licensor's and Licensee's other rights and obligations
under this Agreement will apply without  limitation to the parts of the
Licensed Software thus altered or exchanged.

The foregoing constitutes the entire liability of Licensor with respect
to infringement of any patents, trademarks,  copyrights, licenses or other third
party proprietary right by Licensed Software.

9.4 Licensor shall not be liable for  infringements of intellectual and
industrial  property  rights if Licensee  has  altered any part of the  Licensed
Software as such software  existed as of the Delivery Date, and such alterations
are the direct  cause of the  infringement.  If a third party  brings any action
against  Licensor,  Licensee  shall  take over all  conduct of the claim and all
settlement  (including  the  judicial  costs) at its own  expense.  Licensor  is
obligated  to notify  Licensee in writing  immediately  upon receipt of any such
claim giving full details,  and may make no statements  prejudicial  to Licensee
unless forced thereto according to Arizona law.

<PAGE>
9.5 Licensee shall indemnify and hold harmless  Licensor from any claim
by any party,  other  than those  claims  stated in this  Section 9,  arising or
related to Licensee's own activities concerning the use of Licensed Software.

10.      Default and Termination for Cause.

10.1 Failure by Licensor or Licensee to comply with any  material  term
or  condition  under this  Agreement  shall  entitle the other party to give the
party  in  default  written  notice  requiring  it to make  good  such  default;
provided, however, that if Licensee violates any of the conditions of Section 9,
this  Agreement  shall  terminate  immediately.  If the party in default has not
cured such default within thirty (30) days of such notice,  the notifying  party
shall be  entitled,  in  addition  to any other  rights it may have  under  this
Agreement,  or  otherwise  under law (except as limited by this  Agreement),  to
terminate this Agreement by giving written notice to take effect immediately.

10.2 The right of either party to terminate  this  Agreement  hereunder
shall not be  affected  in any way by is waiver or failure to take  action  with
respect to any previous default.

10.3 Upon the  termination  of this Agreement for a breach by Licensee,
Licensee  shall return the  Licensed  Software  and any  documentation  relating
thereto, and all copies thereof, to Licensor and shall certify that it no longer
has any right to use the Licensed Software.  No part of any license fee shall be
returned to Licensee upon termination unless caused by Licensor's  default.  The
term  "default"  as used in this  Agreement  shall  include the  institution  of
proceedings by or against either party under federal or state  bankruptcy  laws,
or an assignment or receivership for the benefit of creditors.

11.      Applicable  Law and  Disputes.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of Arizona. If a dispute concerning this Agreement arises, the parties
will  first  meet and  attempt to  resolve  the  matter in good  faith.  If such
resolution is not possible, the dispute will be submitted to the competent court
in Tucson, Arizona.

12.      Additional Terms and Conditions.

12.1 This Agreement forms the only correct and complete representations
with respect to what has been agreed between Licensor and Licensee regarding the
subject matter contained herein.  Any previous  representations,  communications
and/or agreement, whether written or verbal, are superseded by this Agreement.

12.2 No changes  may be made to this  Agreement  unless made in writing
and signed by the duly authorized  representatives of both parties.  The failure
of any party to enforce any of its rights  hereunder shall not be deemed to be a
waiver of such rights, unless such waiver is an express written waiver which has
been signed by the waiving  party.  Waiver of any one breach shall not be deemed
to be a waiver of any other breach of the same or any other provision hereof.

12.3 Any notice  herein  required or  permitted to be given shall be in
writing or by facsimile  transmission with subsequent written confirmation,  and
may be personally  serviced or sent by United States mail and shall be deemed to
have been given upon receipt by the party notified. For the purposes hereof, the
addresses of the parties  shall,  until changed as hereinafter  provided,  be as
follows:


<PAGE>
If to the Maverick:
Maverick Processing Services, Inc.
6390 E. Broadway
Tucson, Arizona 85710
Attn:   Linda P. Ford,
Vice President & Legal Counsel

If to Licensee:                     U.S. Wireless Data, Inc.
Watergate Tower II
2200 Powell Street, Suite 800
Emeryville, CA 94608-1876
Attn:   _________________

or such  substituted  persons or  addresses of which any of the parties may give
notice to the other in writing.

12.4  Licensee  may not assign this  Agreement  or the License  granted
therein,  in whole or in part  without the prior  written  consent of  Licensor.
Provided,  however,  the  foregoing  shall  not  apply  to any  assignment  to a
subsidiary,  affiliate,  parent or by way of merger or  operation  of law unless
such assignment is to a Competitor of Licensor or to a party which, through such
assignment, becomes a Competitor of Licensor.

12,5 In performing their  responsibilities  pursuant to this Agreement,
Licensor and Licensee are in the position of independent contractors.  Except as
specifically set forth herein, neither is intended to and shall not be deemed to
be an agent of the other.

12.5 This Agreement may be executed in one or more  counterparts and by
different  parties  in  separate  counterparts,  with the same  effect as if all
parties hereto had signed the same documents.  All  counterparts so executed and
delivered  shall be deemed to be an original,  shall be  construed  together and
shall constitute one agreement.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the date and year first above written.



MAVERICK INTERNATIONAL                      U.S. WIRELESS DATA, INC.
PROCESSING SERVICES, INC.



/s/ John A. Hunnicut                         By /s/ Rod Stambaugh
John A. Hunnicut, Chairman & CEO                Title President

Date: June 9, 19990                             Date June 10, 1999

