











SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT


THIS  AGREEMENT  is made as of the 8th day of May,  1998 by and between
SIBONEY LEARNING GROUP  ("Siboney") with an address at 8135 Forsyth,  Suite 212,
St.  Louis,  Missouri  63105,  United  States of America  and NECTAR  FOUNDATION
("NECTAR") with an address at 10 Bowhill  Avenue,  Nepean,  Ontario,  Canada K2E
6S7.

WHEREAS,  Siboney  is in  the  business  of  creating,  publishing  and
marketing software for use on microcomputers; and

WHEREAS,  the parties  desire that Siboney modify and distribute in the
United States certain software originally developed by NECTAR.

NOW, THEREFORE,  for good and valuable  consideration,  the receipt and
sufficiency  of which are hereby  acknowledged,  the parties  mutually  agree as
follows:

1. License Grant.  NECTAR hereby grants to Siboney an exclusive license
and right in the United States, its territories and possessions, to use, revise,
modify and create derivative works of the "MathTrek 1,2,3", "MathTrek 4,5,6" and
"Math Trek 7,8,9" software  program series (the "Licensed  Software") for use on
Macintosh and Windows operating systems, and to repackage,  manufacture, market,
distribute,  sell,  lease,  license and sub-license such revised and/or modified
Licensed  Software.  Such  revisions,  modifications  and  derivative  works are
referred to herein as "Modified Software". The foregoing licenses to Siboney are
subject to  NECTAR's  right set forth in Section 2 hereof,  and to any  licenses
previously  granted by NECTAR to  end-users of the  Licensed  Software.  Siboney
shall have no rights in the Licensed Software or Modified Software other than as
set forth in this Agreement.  NECTAR shall, as reasonably  requested by Siboney,
consult with Siboney concerning such revisions,  modifications and the like, and
all revisions and the like will be subject to NECTAR's approval, which shall not
be unreasonably withheld.  NECTAR shall receive one (1) copy of every commercial
product created pursuant to this license.

2. Marketing.  Siboney shall diligently develop, market and promote the
Modified Software. Decisions regarding the packaging, pricing and trademarks for
the Modified Software shall be made solely by Siboney.  NECTAR shall be notified
of the  initial  pricing  structure  and  any  subsequent  changes  in  pricing.
Notwithstanding  anything to the  contrary  in Section 1, NECTAR  shall have the
exclusive right to license,  market and distribute the Licensed  Software to its
existing distributors identified on Exhibit A hereto.

3. Duties Upon Execution. Upon execution of this Agreement, NECTAR will
provide  Siboney  with  all  source  code,  technical  information  and  content
documentation regarding the Licensed Software which NECTAR has in its possession
or under its control. NECTAR represents that copyright to the external functions
PostGrid and PostGraph in the source code is owned by Brain Waves Software, Inc.
NECTAR  cannot  provide this code or  information  about how to use the external
functions  using such Brain Waves  source code,  and Siboney  shall not use such
code.

4.  Earned  Royalties.  Siboney  will pay to  NECTAR  earned  royalties
("Earned Royalties") based on sales of the Modified Software, in an amount equal
to  twenty-two  and  one-half  percent  (22.5%) of  Siboney's  Net  Receipts for
Modified  Software.  Earned Royalties will accrue upon Siboney's  issuance of an
invoice for a Modified Software product.

5. Royalty Computation. "Net Receipts" are defined for purposes of this
Agreement as all consideration  received by Siboney or its affiliates,  directly
or  indirectly,  from  the  distribution,  publication,  lease,  sale  or  other
commercialization of the Modified Software,  as applicable,  less any discounts,
returns, sales or use taxes, refunds, freight, shipping and handling charges. If
Siboney  intends to license any Modified  Software  covered by this Agreement as
part of a package with other similar software, it shall first notify NECTAR. Net
Receipts for Modified  Software  licensed in such packages  shall be apportioned
based on the relative retail or suggested retail prices  reasonably  established
by Siboney for the various programs comprising the package.

6. Method of Payment; Audit. Siboney shall pay NECTAR applicable Earned
Royalties  for each calendar  quarter  hereafter,  beginning  December 31, 1998,
within 30 days following the end of each quarter in which Earned  Royalties have
accrued,  accompanied by a statement showing Net Receipts. NECTAR shall have the
right, not more than once each calendar year, upon reasonable  notice to Siboney
and during Siboney's  regular business hours, to have such  calculations and the
records on which  they are based  reviewed  by an  accountant  of its  choosing.
NECTAR's expenses in conjunction with any audit shall be reimbursable by Siboney
within 30 days of  presentation  of a written  statement  of  expenses  if it is
determined  that  there is more  than a ten  percent  (10%)  error in  Siboney's
statement  and/or  payment to NECTAR.  If such review  shows an  overpayment  by
Siboney,  then the amount of such  overpayment  shall be  promptly  refunded  by
NECTAR to Siboney.

<PAGE>

7. Guaranteed Minimum  Royalties.  Siboney will pay NECTAR a guaranteed
minimum royalty payment  totaling  $180,000 (in U.S.  Dollars).  This guaranteed
royalty will accrue in  specified  amounts  (each,  a  "Guaranteed  Amount") for
certain periods (each, a "Guarantee  Period) and be payable as follows:  $30,000
will accrue on December 31, 1999 and be payable  January 31, 2000;  $60,000 will
accrue on  December  31, 2000 and be payable  January 31, 2001 and $90,000  will
accrue on December 31, 2001 and be payable  January 31, 2002.  Earned  Royalties
will be credited  against  the  applicable  Guaranteed  Amount,  if any.  Earned
Royalties for any Guarantee  Period in excess of the Guaranteed  Amount for that
period shall be credited  dollar for dollar to reduce the Guaranteed  Amount for
the following  guarantee period. For example,  if Earned Royalties accrued as of
December 31, 1999 total $40,000,  then the Guaranteed Amount payable January 31,
2001 shall be reduced to $50,000.  The guaranteed  minimum  royalty payment does
not affect  Siboney's  obligation to pay all Earned  Royalties  accrued during a
particular period.

8.  Ownership.  The Modified  Software shall be the property of NECTAR,
subject to Siboney's  exclusive license as defined herein, and Siboney agrees to
mark a copyright notice on each copy of Modified Software in the following form:
"? NECTAR Foundation."

9.  Warranty  of  Authority.  Except as set forth in Section 3,  NECTAR
warrants and represents that it has full power and authority to grant the rights
granted in this Agreement without the consent of any other party.

10.  Warranty of  Noninfringement.  NECTAR  warrants  that the Licensed
Software does not infringe the copyright,  trademark,  trade secret or any other
proprietary  right,  or the right to privacy,  of any third  party,  and further
warrants that the Licensed Software does not contain any defamatory, libelous or
unlawful material.  NECTAR agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Siboney
from  and  against  any  third-party  claims,   demands,   liabilities,   suits,
proceedings and costs,  including  attorneys  fees,  incurred by Siboney arising
from any alleged breach of the warranty of NECTAR under this section.

11.  Claims of  Infringement.  Siboney  and NECTAR will give each other
prompt and complete  written notice  whenever either becomes aware of any actual
or impending  unauthorized  use of the Licensed  Software or Modified  Software.
Siboney  shall have complete  discretion to act or forebear  acting in regard to
such actual or impending  unauthorized use. NECTAR,  however, shall cooperate at
Siboney's sole expense with Siboney and follow  Siboney's  directions if Siboney
elects to act in regard to such actual or  impending  unauthorized  use, and any
recovery  awarded  to or paid as a result of any  action  undertaken  by Siboney
shall belong  solely to Siboney.  If Siboney,  however,  shall elect not to act,
NECTAR  shall be deemed  authorized  to act at its own expense on its own behalf
and any recovery shall belong solely to NECTAR.

12.  Term and  Termination.  This  Agreement  shall be  effective  upon
execution and shall remain in effect until  terminated  by either party.  NECTAR
may  terminate  this  Agreement  after  December 31, 2001, on 6 months notice to
Siboney, in the event Earned Royalties for a calendar year do not meet or exceed
$30,000 (in U.S.  Dollars).  Siboney may  terminate  this  Agreement on 6 months
notice any time after  December  31,  2001.  Upon  termination  pursuant to this
Section,  (a) the licenses  granted  herein shall  terminate  except as to those
Modified  Software products already  distributed or sublicensed by Siboney,  (b)
Siboney shall have no rights to license or distribute any Modified  Software not
invoiced as of the end of the 6-month period and (c) Siboney  remains  obligated
for Earned Royalties due on Modified  Software invoiced prior to the end of such
6-month period. This Agreement will be terminated  automatically upon the filing
of a petition in bankruptcy by or against Siboney.

13.  Breach.  In the  event of a breach  of any  material  term of this
Agreement, the non-breaching party shall provide a notice of breach to the other
party,  which notice shall specify the nature of the breach.  If the  defaulting
party  fails to cure the  breach  within the  thirty-day  period  following  its
receipt  of such  notice,  then,  at its  option,  the  non-breaching  party may
terminate  this  Agreement  upon notice to the other party and: (a) the licenses
granted herein shall  terminate  except as to those Modified  Software  products
already distributed or sublicensed by Siboney,  (b) Siboney shall have no rights
to license or distribute any Modified Software not invoiced as of the end of the
30-day  period and (c) Siboney  remains  obligated  for Earned  Royalties due on
Modified Software invoiced prior to the end of such 30-day period.

14. No Joint Venture.  Nothing in this Agreement  shall be construed as
creating a joint venture or any other type of partnership  relationship  between
the parties. Each party shall be considered an independent contractor.

15. Non-Waiver.  Any party's waiver of or failure to enforce any of its
rights under this Agreement shall not act as a waiver of forfeiture of any other
right or of the same right in any other instance.

16. Notice. Any notice, request, approval, consent and payment required
under this Agreement  (collectively,  "Notice")  shall be in writing and sent to
the  other  party  by  (a)  certified  mail,  return  receipt  requested,  (b) a
nationally  recognized overnight courier at the address set forth herein; or (c)
transmitted by telecopy with  confirmation of receipt,  all at the addresses set
forth below:

<PAGE>

With respect to Siboney:                        Bodie Marx
Siboney Learning Group
8135 Forsyth, Suite 212
Saint Louis, MO 63105
Fax:  (314) 726-0725

With respect to NECTAR:                         Victor D'Amico
NECTAR Foundation
10 Bowhill Avenue
Nepean, Ontario
Canada K2E 6S7
Fax:  (613) 224-1946

Notice will be deemed to have been given on the  first date of actual receipt of
either form of notice.

17.  Assignments.  This  Agreement  may not be assigned by either party
without the written approval of the other party, which shall not be unreasonably
withheld.

18.  Choice  of  Law  and  Forum;   Consent  to  Jurisdiction.   NECTAR
acknowledges that in entering into this Agreement,  it is purposefully  availing
itself  of  the  benefits  of  doing  business  in  the  United  States.  NECTAR
irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District
Court for the Eastern  District of Missouri  and the St.  Louis  County  Circuit
Court  with  regard  to any  controversy  related  to or  arising  out  of  this
Agreement, and waives any objection to jurisdiction or venue of such courts. Any
requirements  under the Hague  Convention  or any  other  international  treaty,
convention or compact notwithstanding,  NECTAR agrees that service of process by
any of the methods for notice set forth in Section 12 of this Agreement shall be
deemed  appropriate  service.  NECTAR  irrevocably  consents that any judgements
obtained against it arising out of or relating to this Agreement may be enforced
in any jurisdiction in which NECTAR has assets.

19. Entire Agreement.  This Agreement  constitutes the entire agreement
and  understanding  among the parties  concerning  the subject matter hereof and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings,  whether written or oral. No
modification  of claimed waiver of any of the  provisions  hereof shall be valid
unless in writing and signed by the party  against  whom such  modifications  or
waiver is sought to be enforced.

20.  Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may be  executed  in  one or  more
counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which
together  shall  constitute  one and the same  Agreement.  This Agreement may be
executed and delivered by electronic facsimile  transmission with the same force
and effect as if it were executed and delivered by the parties simultaneously in
the presence of one another.

SIBONEY CORPORATION                         NECTAR FOUNDATION


By:  /s/ Ernest R. Marx                   By: /s/ V. L. D'Amico

Printed Name: Ernest R. Marx              Printed Name: V. L. D'Amico

Title: President,
Siboney Learning Group             Title: /s/ Executive Director

<PAGE>

AMENDMENT TO SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT


THIS AMENDMENT TO SOFTWARE LICENSE  AGREEMENT  ("Amendment") is made as
of the  8th  day of  September,  1999  by and  between  SIBONEY  LEARNING  GROUP
("Siboney")  with an address at 8135  Forsyth,  Suite 212, St.  Louis,  Missouri
63105, United States of America and NECTAR FOUNDATION ("NECTAR") with an address
at 10 Bowhill Avenue, Nepean, Ontario, Canada K2E 6S7.

RECITALS

A. Siboney and NECTAR entered into a software license agreement made as
of the 8th day of May, 1998 (the "License Agreement").

B. The  parties to the  License  Agreement  desire to amend the License
Agreement with respect to the matters referred to herein.

NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the premises and of the agreements
and provisions set forth herein, and subject to the conditions contained herein,
it is mutually agreed as follows:

1. Definitions.  Unless otherwise defined herein, all capitalized terms
used  herein  shall  have  the  same  meaning  assigned  to them in the  License
Agreement.

2.  License  Grant.  Paragraph  1 of the  License  Agreement  is hereby
amended by adding the following after the second sentence of the paragraph:

"The definition of Licensed Software shall include,  in addition to the
program  series  specifically  identified in the first sentence of this
paragraph,  the  "ScienceTrek  4-6"  program  series,  and  such  other
software programs as the parties agree to in writing."

3. Earned Royalties. Paragraph 4 of the License Agreement is deleted in
its entirety and replaced with the following:

"4.1 Siboney will pay to NECTAR earned royalties  ("Earned  Royalties")
based on sales  of the  Modified  Software  for any  MathTrek  software
program  ("Modified  MathTrek  Software"),  as follows:  Effective  for
Earned Royalties accrued prior to July 1, 1999, Siboney will pay NECTAR
Earned Royalties based upon sales of the Modified  MathTrek Software in
an amount equal to twenty-two and one-half percent (22.5%) of Siboney's
Net Receipts for such Modified MathTrek Software.  Effective for Earned
Royalties  accrued on or after July 1,  1999,  Siboney  will pay NECTAR
Earned Royalties based upon sales of the Modified  MathTrek Software in
an amount equal to twenty  percent  (20%) of Siboney's Net Receipts for
the first  $350,000 of  cumulative  Earned  Royalties for such Modified
MathTrek  software.  After  cumulative  Earned  Royalties  for Modified
MathTrek  Software  reach  $350,000,  the royalty will be reduced to an
amount equal to fifteen  percent (15%) of Siboney's Net Receipts on all
future sales of Modified MathTrek Software.

4.2 For any  Licensed  Software  program or Modified  Software  program
other than MathTrek  software  programs (each, an "Additional  Software
Program"),  Siboney will pay to NECTAR Earned  Royalties based on sales
of such  Additional  Software  Program  in an  amount  equal to  twenty
percent  (20%) of Siboney's Net Receipts for such  Additional  Software
Program,  provided  that after  cumulative  Earned  Royalties  for such
Additional  Software  Program  reach  $250,000,  the  royalty  for that
program will be reduced to an amount equal to fifteen  percent (15%) of
Siboney's Net Receipts on all future sale of such  Additional  Software
Program."

4. Guaranteed Minimum  Royalties.  Paragraph 7 of the License Agreement
is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

"Siboney will pay NECTAR a guaranteed  minimum royalty payment totaling
$350,000  (in U.S.  Dollars).  This  guaranteed  royalty will accrue in
specified  amounts  (each, a "Guaranteed  Amount") for certain  periods
(each,  a "Guarantee  Period) and be payable as follows:  $100,000 will
accrue on December 31, 1999 and be payable  January 31, 2000;  $125,000
will  accrue on December  31, 2000 and be payable  January 31, 2001 and
$125,000  will accrue on December  31, 2001 and be payable  January 31,
2002.   Earned  Royalties  will  be  credited  against  the  applicable
Guaranteed Amount, if any. Earned Royalties for any Guarantee Period in
excess of the  Guaranteed  Amount  for that  period  shall be  credited
dollar  for dollar to reduce the  Guaranteed  Amount for the  following
guarantee  period.  For  example,  if Earned  Royalties  accrued  as of
December 31, 1999 total  $120,000,  then the Guaranteed  Amount payable
January 31, 2001 shall be reduced to $105,000.  The guaranteed  minimum
royalty payment does not affect Siboney's  obligation to pay all Earned
Royalties accrued during a particular period."

5. Term and Termination. Section 12 of the License Agreement is amended
by deleting "$30,000" in the second sentence and replacing it with "$60,000."

6. Full  Force  and  Effect;  Entire  Agreement.  Except to the  extent
expressly  provided in this  Amendment,  the terms and conditions of the License
Agreement  shall  remain in full  force and  effect  and shall be binding on the
parties  thereto.  The License  Agreement,  as amended  hereby,  constitutes the
entire agreement among the parties hereto and no  representations,  inducements,
promises or other agreements, which are otherwise not embodied herein or therein
shall be of any force and effect.

7. Counterparts.  This Amendment may be executed  simultaneously in one
or more  counterparts,  each of which  shall be deemed an  original,  but all of
which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be
executed as of the date first set forth above.


SIBONEY LEARNING GROUP


By: /s/ Ernest R. Marx

Title: President


NECTAR FOUNDATION


By: /s/ V. L. D'Amico

Title: Executive Director



