








<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 10.34

SOFTWARE LICENSING AGREEMENT

FOR LICENSE TO DEVELOPERS

THIS AGREEMENT is made on July 23, 2001 by and between:

1.   BT WIRELESS LIMITED, a company registered in England & Wales (registered no
2604354) whose registered office is at 81 Newgate Street, London, EC1A 7AJ,
("BT Wireless"); and

2.   GEOWORKS UK LIMITED,  a company  registered in England with its  registered
offices at Lyme Green Business Park, Macclesfield,  Cheshire,  England SK11
0JP ("Geoworks")

Individually  referred to as a "Party" and collectively  referred to as the
"Parties".

WHEREAS

(A)  BT Wireless and  Geoworks  intend to work  together to provide  Developers,
which could  include BT  Wireless  subsidiaries,  with the  AirBoss  Client
Software  and the  associated  Software  Development  Kit  ("SDK"),  API's,
Documentation,   support  and  training  to  enable  the   development   of
Applications that can operate within a 2G, GPRS and 3G wireless environment
utilising the BT Wireless properties.

(B)  Geoworks wishes to provide their AirBoss Software free of charge for use in
the  EXPIDAS  environment,  to provide  suitable  hardware  for the AirBoss
Software on a loaned basis,  and third party  software,  and to promote the
platform with the BT Wireless  development  community.  The initiative will
result in the developer  community  gaining  access to the SDK at no charge
for development  activities with a license  requirement before Live Service
can be launched.  Geoworks also wishes to provide their AirBoss Software to
BT Wireless,  and BT Wireless wishes Geoworks to license the AirBoss Client
Software and SDK to selected Developers upon the Developers'  acceptance of
the terms  included  in the SDK,  such terms to be in the form  attached as
Appendix 4 ("SDK License Agreement").

(C)  Geoworks and BT Wireless will sign a further software  licensing  agreement
("Software  Licensing  Agreement"),  concurrent with this Agreement,  which
will permit BT Wireless  to utilise the AirBoss  Software in its  facility,
integrated into its network, for up to 1000 subscribers at any one time.

<PAGE>

2

IT IS HEREBY AGREED:

1.   DEFINITIONS

In this Agreement the following words shall bear the following meanings:

"Application"  means a software  system,  or design  for a software  system
developed  (utilising the SDK) licensed to BT Wireless and/or to Developers
under  this  Agreement,  that  provides  a set of user  functions  aimed at
facilitating  the  delivery  of content  and  functionality  to BT Wireless
customers and/or customers of BT Wireless subsidiaries;

"Developer"  means  any  developer,  which  would  include  a  BT  Wireless
subsidiary,  which has executed a Developer License (as defined below) with
Geoworks;

"Developer License" means a licence as described in clause 3(a) for the SDK
and the AirBoss Client  Software,  provided free of charge from Geoworks to
Developers, upon the Developers' acceptance of the SDK License Agreement.

"Documentation"  means the  manuals,  specifications  and  other  documents
provided with the AirBoss Software.

"Effective Date" is the date the last Party executes this Agreement;

"EXPIDAS" means BT Wireless Application Information Testing and Integration
facility;

"EXPIDAS  Club" means the limited  group of chosen  parties which will have
the benefit of use of EXPIDAS;

"Live Service" includes the commercial launch of an Application, service or
solution utilising the AirBoss Software on a BT Wireless associated network
other than for development and testing purposes;

"AirBoss Client  Software" means that portion of the AirBoss  Software that
operates  on  wireless  devices  and  which is  dependent  upon the  server
software within the AirBoss Software to enable it to function.

"AirBoss Software" means Geoworks AirBoss(TM) Application Platform software
consisting of 5 key software components:

(a)  Wireless application platform server software that integrates into and
supports the wireless carrier network and back office infrastructure;

(b)  Mobile device API's and SDK's for the, Palm OS, Pocket PC,  Windows CE
and Windows 2000/NT platforms for C++ development environments:

o    ABInet  API  -  client/server  API  for  web-based   applications
development;

o    ABMAT API - designed for client/server legacy systems;

(c)  AirBoss Microbrowser supporting WML browser for the Palm OS;

(d)  Pocket IE support for Pocket PC and Windows CE;

<PAGE>

3

(e)  Internet Explorer support for Windows 2000/NT;

"Agreement" means this agreement;

"Background  Intellectual  Property Rights" or "BGIPR" of a Party means any
IPR of such Party,  or any IPR  acquired or licensed  from a third party to
such Party  (including  its  affiliates),  that is conceived,  created,  or
developed  prior  to or  independent  of  any  work  performed  under  this
Agreement,  whether or not such IPR is incorporated into a deliverable; but
excluding Foreground IPR in all cases;

"Equipment"  means the  equipment  and  software  set out or referred to in
Appendix 1;

"Foreground  Intellectual Property Rights" or "FGIPR" means any IPR that is
conceived,  created,  developed or contracted to be developed by a Party in
the course of performing work under this Agreement, whether or not such IPR
is  incorporated  into  or  infringed  by the  exploitation  of one or more
deliverables,  and shall include for greater certainty all IPR incorporated
in deliverables that is not Background IPR;

"Intellectual  Property  Rights" or "IPR" means any patent,  registered  or
unregistered  design,  copyright,  design right, trade mark, semi conductor
topography right, know-how, or similar right exercisable in any part of the
world whether registered or unregistered and shall include any applications
for the registration of any patents or registered designs or trade marks or
similar registerable rights in any part of the world. It includes BGIPR and
FGIPR.

2.   TERM

This  Agreement  shall take effect upon signature and shall remain in place
for a period of two years  extendable  by  written  agreement  between  the
Parties and subject to earlier termination in accordance with Clause 9.

3.   DUTIES OF THE PARTIES

The Parties hereby agree:

o    To collaborate  with each other and use all  reasonable  endeavours to
carry  out  the  stated   activities  and  avoid  any  delay  in  such
collaboration.

o    To make sure that the  employees  involved in the  performance  of the
work  required to be carried out by or referred to in this  Agreement,
possess  the  appropriate  skills  and  experience.  All work shall be
carried    out in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations.

<PAGE>

4

In particular, GEOWORKS shall:

(a)  Provide, install, set up and test to the parties' mutual satisfaction,
at no cost, one (1) AirBoss  server,  including the AirBoss  Software,
the hardware and third party  software  within  EXPIDAS  which will be
enabled with an appropriate licence for the AirBoss Server Software to
support one (1) server.  Geoworks will also provide,  upon Developers'
acceptance  of  the  SDK  License  Agreement,  unlimited  AirBoss  SDK
Licenses from Geoworks to  Developers  for Geoworks  AirBoss API's and
SDK  toolkits,  free of  charge.  All  testing  will be to the  mutual
satisfaction  of BT Wireless  and  Geoworks.  Development  Licences to
Developers will be granted on the basis that each Developer accepts an
SDK License Agreement. In the event Geoworks reasonably concludes that
the testing  referred to above is complete and BT Wireless  disagrees,
then  Geoworks  may  terminate  testing and BT  Wireless  can elect to
terminate this Agreement on ten days' notice as its exclusive remedy.

(b)  Develop  and  maintain,  over  the  term  of this  Agreement,  AirBoss
GSM/GRPS  server and wireless device software for, but not limited to,
the  RIM  Blackberry  handhelds,  Palm  OS  and  Pocket  PC  platforms
including a WML Browser for the RIM,  Palm and Pocket PC  Platforms at
Geoworks' cost. Any withdrawal of support for a client device platform
will only be by prior written  mutual  agreement  between the Parties.
Any BT Wireless request for support of a new client device or platform
must be mutually agreed upon by both Parties.

(c)  Provide  support  for  co-branded   products  or  BT  Wireless-branded
GSM/GPRS/3G based API's SDK's WML Browsers,  documentation and related
developer resources.

(d)  Help  to  define  the  requirements  and  assist  BT  Wireless  in the
implementation and launch of a BT Wireless-branded developer programme
for the AirBoss Software.

(e)  Provide Support Services,  Maintenance  Services,  Training  Services,
Updates, upgrades and Documentation and software licences described or
referred to in Appendix 3.

(f)  Notify BT Wireless as far in advance as  practicable  of any  prepared
patches,  upgrades,  new  versions  and/or new  releases of any of the
AirBoss Software and SDK and related Documentation.

(g)  Provide  reasonable  assistance,  as  mutually  agreed,  to support BT
Wireless activities in Marketing and Publicising EXPIDAS.

In particular,  BT Wireless  shall in addition to the benefits  outlined in
Appendix 2:

<PAGE>

5

(a)  Adequately staff and train sales, marketing, operational, professional
service  and  technical  support  personnel  sufficient  to perform BT
Wireless' obligations under this Agreement.

(b)  Include  Geoworks  as a member  of the  EXPIDAS  Club as  outlined  in
Appendix 2.

(c)  Provide Tier One Support to Developers as set out in Appendix 3.


4.   BT WIRELESS AND GEOWORKS 'S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

4.1  Ownership

(a)  Each Party shall maintain all rights in and title to its own BGIPR.

(b)  All rights in and title to FGIPR shall vest in the originating  Party,
as no joint origination is contemplated.

(c)  So long as any Applications developed by Developers do not contain any
portion of the AirBoss  Software or any other Geoworks BGIPR or FGIPR,
BT Wireless or Developer shall retain all right, title and interest in
the  Applications.  To the extent  that any  Applications  include the
AirBoss Software or portions thereof,  or require the AirBoss Software
or portions  thereof in order to function  properly,  Geoworks retains
all right and interest in such AirBoss  Software and portions  thereof
incorporated  into the  Applications or required by the Application in
order to function.

4.2  Licences

(a)  Subject to Clause 4.2(h),  Geoworks hereby grants to BT Wireless,  for
the term of this Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions set
forth   in   this   Agreement   and  in   Appendix   3,   a   limited,
non-transferable,  non-exclusive, license and right to use one copy of
the AirBoss  Software and the  Documentation  for the purposes of: (a)
promoting the AirBoss Software to Developers;  (b)  demonstrating  the
AirBoss Software to potential  Developers;  (c) providing training and
support to employees and  Developers  in accordance  with BT Wireless'
obligations  under this Agreement (d)  installing and testing  AirBoss
Client  Software to Developers  receiving the AirBoss Client  Software
from BT Wireless pursuant to this Agreement.

(b)  If BT Wireless  provides copies of the AirBoss Client Software and SDK
to Developers, BT Wireless will ensure that Developers enter into with
Geoworks an SDK License Agreement. If the copies of the AirBoss Client
Software and SDK are provided directly to Developers by Geoworks,  the
execution of the Developer License is Geoworks' responsibility.

<PAGE>

6

(c)  The license  rights  provided  in clause  4.2(a),  are  provided to BT
Wireless and Developers free of license fees provided that BT Wireless
and Developers do not use Applications in Live Service.

(d)  In  addition  to the  license  rights  provided  under this  Clause 4,
Geoworks will provide one (1) AirBoss server hardware configuration to
BT Wireless on the basis it is on loan to BT Wireless.  Such  hardware
configuration  shall be returned to Geoworks upon any  termination  of
this Agreement in accordance with clause 9.

(e)  BT Wireless shall reproduce any proprietary rights notices of Geoworks
and/or  contributing  third  parties,  if any,  contained in or on all
partial or complete copies of the AirBoss  software and  documentation
on  all  partial  or  complete  copies  of  the  AirBoss  Software  or
Documentation.

(f)  BT Wireless may not sublicense,  assign, or otherwise  transfer any of
its rights in the licenses set forth herein to any third party save to
a BT Wireless subsidiary upon the same terms as this Agreement and any
attempt  to do so shall be null  and void and be cause  for  immediate
cancellation of the Agreement.

(g)  Other than as expressly  provided in this Agreement or in the separate
Software Licensing  Agreement,  BT Wireless may not modify the AirBoss
Software  or  Documentation  or place them into Live  Service  without
prior  written  permission  from  Geoworks,  such  consent  not  to be
unreasonably  withheld  or delayed and  subject to  appropriate  terms
being agreed.  BT Wireless  agrees not to decompile,  disassemble,  or
otherwise reverse engineer the AirBoss Software.

(h)  BT Wireless agrees not to duplicate or reproduce the AirBoss  Software
in whole or in part,  except as expressly  provided in this Agreement.
BT Wireless  may make one copy of part or all of the AirBoss  Software
and Documentation  for back-up  purposes,  including the making of any
copies  that may be required to be made to enable a move of the server
hosting the AirBoss Software from one BT Wireless location to another.
BT Wireless  must give Geoworks  reasonable  notice of such a move. BT
Wireless  agrees  that any such  copy  shall  include  the  copyright,
trademark and proprietary information notices of Geoworks. BT Wireless
shall be entitled to copy the Documentation and SDK or reproduce it on
an  EXPIDAS  web site to be made  available  to  Developers.  For this
purpose,  Geoworks will ensure that BT Wireless has available to it at
all  times  the  latest  release  of  the  SDK  consistent   with  the
appropriate  release of the  version of the  AirBoss  Software  within
EXPIDAS.

<PAGE>

7

5.   CONFIDENTIALITY AND PUBLICITY

5.1  This  Agreement  is subject to the  confidentiality,  disclosure  and other
provisions  contained  in the  Mutual  Confidentiality  Agreement  in place
between the Parties and effective March 19, 2001.

5.2  Neither  Party  shall  make  any  announcement,  circular,  press  release,
advertisement or publicity,  which concerns this Agreement or other related
matter without the other party's prior written consent,  which shall not be
unreasonably  withheld.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  Geoworks  and BT
Wireless  shall  mutually  develop a press release  related to BT Wireless'
license,  deployment and rights related to the AirBoss Software. Such press
release will be developed  with a  reasonable  timeframe  and is subject to
agreement by both Parties.

6.   INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INDEMNITY

6.1  If a third  party  brings  any claim,  proceeding  and/or  suit  against BT
Wireless  alleging that the access to or use of the AirBoss Software or SDK
or  Documentation  infringes any third party  Intellectual  Property  Right
("Infringement  Claims"),  then Geoworks shall be  responsible,  at its own
expense, for defending, or at its option,  settling, the Infringement Claim
and shall indemnify BT Wireless or relevant BT Wireless  subsidiary against
any costs, damages, liabilities, losses or expenses incurred by BT Wireless
or relevant BT Wireless  subsidiary  arising from the Infringement  Claims.
Geoworks shall  immediately on becoming aware of such  Infringement  Claim,
notify BT Wireless or relevant BT Wireless subsidiary promptly in writing.

6.2  Geoworks' obligations under this Clause shall be conditional on BT Wireless
or  relevant BT  Wireless  subsidiary  (i)  promptly  advising  Geoworks in
writing of any such  Infringement  Claim,  (ii) making no  admission  as to
liability  or  agreement  to any  settlement  or  compromise  of  any  such
Infringement  Claim without  Geoworks' prior written consent,  (iii) giving
Geoworks,  at its  request,  sole  conduct or any  defence  or any  related
settlement  negotiations,  and (iv)  co-operating  fully with  Geoworks and
providing Geoworks with all reasonably  required  assistance in the defence
or settlement of such Infringement Claim.

6.3  In the event that a claim of  infringement  is made against  Geoworks or BT
Wireless  a relevant  BT  Wireless  subsidiary  or if  Geoworks  reasonably
believes  that such a claim  will be made,  Geoworks,  at its option and in
lieu of  indemnification,  may (a) procure for the other Party the right to
use the Geoworks  Software  without patent or copyright  infringement;  (b)
modify the Geoworks  Software to make it  non-infringing  provided  that is
shall continue to deliver the same or equivalent functionality as described
in the  Documentation  and has no other  material  adverse  effects  for BT
Wireless and/or its relevant subsidiary;  (c) replace the Geoworks Software
with  substantially  equivalent

<PAGE>

8

software that is  non-infringing  and which delivers the same or equivalent
functionality as described in the  Documentation  and has no other material
adverse  effects for BT Wireless and its  subsidiaries.  If Geoworks and BT
Wireless reasonably determine that (a), (b) or (c) above cannot be achieved
on  commercially  practicable  terms,  then Geoworks may direct BT Wireless
and/or the  relevant  BT  Wireless  subsidiary  to cease use of the AirBoss
Software.

6.4  Despite the foregoing,  Geoworks shall have no  indemnification  obligation
with  respect  to claims  that could  have been  avoided  (i) by using more
current  releases of the AirBoss  Software that have been made available to
BT  Wireless;  (ii) had BT  Wireless or the user not  modified  the AirBoss
Software  without  Geoworks'  written  approval;  and (iii) if the  AirBoss
Software were being used in isolation rather than in combination with other
technology save as contemplated by this Agreement. The foregoing provisions
of this Clause  state the entire  liability of Geoworks and the sole remedy
of other Party with respect to any  Infringement  Claim in connection  with
the Geoworks Software or the use or dealing therewith.

7.   COSTS AND EXPENSES

Each Party shall be  responsible  for the costs and expenses of  performing
its obligations  under this Agreement or an Appendix,  unless  specifically
stated  otherwise,   and  for  any  costs  and  expenses  involved  in  the
preparation and negotiation of this Agreement.

8.   WARRANTY AND INDEMNITY

8.1  Subject to the terms and conditions of this  Agreement,  Geoworks  warrants
that for a period  of  ninety  (90)  days  from the date of  completion  of
installation,  set up and  testing  under  clause  3(a)  above,  Errors (as
defined in Appendix 3) of the Geoworks  Software  will be rectified as soon
as  practicable  and free of charge.  Geoworks  makes no other  warranties,
express or implied, for the AirBoss Software or any services provided under
this  Agreement.  All claims and remedies under the foregoing  warranty are
limited as provided in this Agreement.

8.2  If the AirBoss  Software does not conform to the limited warranty stated in
clause 8.1 Geoworks,  at its option,  shall either (i) provide  maintenance
modifications  or otherwise remedy such  non-conformance,  (ii) replace the
Geoworks  Software with software that conforms to such limited warranty and
delivers the functionality described in the Documentation,

8.3  Each Party agrees to indemnify  and hold  harmless the other Party  against
any loss, liability,  damage or expense,  which it may incur as a result of
the failure of the

<PAGE>

9

indemnifying  Party to comply with its obligations  under this Agreement or
negligence.  In no  circumstance  will either  Party be liable to the other
whether in contract,  tort (including negligence) or howsoever otherwise in
respect of any indirect or consequential loss, loss of revenue,  profits or
business,  loss of use or data  whether such loss was foreseen or not or if
the Party has been advised of the possibility of incurring the same.

8.4  The Parties' maximum aggregate liability to each other arising out of or in
connection  with this  Agreement,  whether  in  contract,  tort  (including
negligence) or otherwise shall (except for damages  resulting from a breach
of Clause 5 and except for the intellectual property indemnity which are in
addition) in no circumstances exceed US$250,000.

9.   TERMINATION, CONSEQUENCES OF TERMINATION AND SURVIVING CLAUSES

9.1  In the event that either Party or its assignee is in material breach of its
obligations  herein  and does not  correct  such  breach  within 30 days of
notification  by the other Party then  without  prejudice  to its  existing
rights  and  remedies  at law,  the  other  Party  shall  have the right to
terminate this Agreement.

9.2  Either Party may terminate  this  Agreement  forthwith on written notice if
the other Party or its assignees shall be or be declared  insolvent,  enter
into    liquidation,     receivership,     administrative     receivership,
administration,   a  company  voluntary  arrangement,   or  any  bankruptcy
proceedings or any circumstances  arise which would entitle a court to make
a winding up order or any similar proceedings or events or their equivalent
in any relevant jurisdiction.

9.3  In the event of termination as defined above, the Party not in breach shall
have the right to terminate any rights granted in accordance  with Clause 4
and any Information supplied shall be returned to the party which disclosed
it.  Additionally,  BT Wireless shall return to Geoworks the AirBoss Server
hardware configurations loaned to BT Wireless.

9.4  Termination of this Agreement shall be without prejudice to any rights that
may have accrued to either Party prior to the date of termination.

9.5  Notwithstanding  termination of this  Agreement for any reason,  Clauses 1,
4.1,  5, 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10 of this  Agreement  shall  nevertheless  survive
termination.

10.  MISCELLANEOUS

10.1 Either Party may transfer or assign any of its rights and obligations under
this  Agreement to any  subsidiary or holding  company of that Party or any
subsidiary  of either of them  from  time to time  provided  that the other
Party gives its written consent,  which shall not be unreasonably  withheld
or delayed.  Either Party may, however,  without the other party's

<PAGE>

10

consent,  assign  this  agreement  to a third  party  who  acquires  all or
substantially all of such party's business.

10.2 The  relationship  of the Parties  hereunder  are those of two  independent
parties  and each Party is not an  employee,  agent or partner of the other
Party.  Neither  Party  shall  have any  authority  whatsoever  to make any
binding  agreement  or incur  any  obligation,  liability  and/or  make any
representation(s) on behalf of the other.

10.3 Nothing  in  this  Agreement  shall  prevent  either  Party  from  pursuing
independent  research or  developing  products  which may compete  with the
Applications,  provided  that in  doing  so,  no use is  made of the  other
Party's  Information,  Intellectual  Property Rights and Background  and/or
Foreground  Intellectual  Property  Rights,  unless the Information  and/or
Intellectual Property Rights and Background and/or Foreground  Intellectual
Property Rights have been licensed to that Party without any restriction as
to their usage.

10.4 Any  variations  to this  Agreement  shall be mutually  agreed  between the
Parties in writing and recorded hereto as an amendment to this Agreement.

10.5 This  Agreement  shall be  governed  by  English  Law and be subject to the
non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.

10.6 No person other than a Party to this Agreement shall be entitled to enforce
any term of it save that where an  agreement  is entered  into  pursuant to
which  any  rights  and/or  obligations  contained  in this  Agreement  are
assigned,  nothing in this clause 10.7 shall, of itself, operate to prevent
the  assignee  from  taking the benefit  of, and  enforcing,  any rights so
assigned.

10.7 In the event that BT Wireless generates a standard agreement  governing the
detailed  terms and  conditions of membership of the EXPIDAS Club,  such as
security,  co-operation as to timing of the use of EXPIDAS, restrictions on
the types of  Applications  which may be created  using  EXPIDAS  and other
matters Geoworks will enter into such agreement on terms no less favourable
than those  extended to other  members of the  EXPIDAS  Club or if Geoworks
fails to do so, BT Wireless can elect to terminate this Agreement on thirty
(30) days  notice as its  exclusive  remedy.  There is no  current  payment
obligation for membership of the EXPIDAS Club.

10.8 The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall apply only to BT Wireless'
and its  Developers'  use of the AirBoss  Software as part of BT  Wireless'
EXPIDAS developer program.  Any use of the AirBoss Software in a production
or  commercial  environment  must be preceded by the execution of a further
software licensing agreement between the parties.

10.9 Notices:  Any notices required or permitted to be given unde this Agreement
shall  be  deemed  sufficiently  given if  delivered  by  hand,  mailed  by
registered  mail,  postage prepaid

<PAGE>

11

and  return  receipt  requested  or  sent  by  overnight  courier  (with  a
confirmation of delivery obtained) to the address indicated below:

If to Geoworks to:

Geoworks UK Limited
Lyme Green Business Park,
Macclesfield,
Cheshire,
SK11 0JP
England
Att: Managing Director


If to BT Wireless

BT Wireless Limited
PPZ.W.41
Slough
SL1 4DX
Att: Head of Applications Development
John Waterfield


AS WITNESS the duly authorised representatives of the Parties hereto have signed
this Agreement on the date hereof:


SIGNED by //P.H. Lisle//                             )
For and on behalf of BT WIRELESS LIMITED             )
in the presence of: //S. Newstead//                  )




SIGNED by //Dave Pepe//                              )
For and on behalf of GEOWORKS UK                     )
LIMITED  in the presence of: //D. Gottdenker//       )

<PAGE>

12

APPENDIX 1

EQUIPMENT AND SOFTWARE TO BE LOANED BY GEOWORKS TO BT WIRELESS LIMITED1


AirBoss Server Hardware
Compaq ProLiant DL380 - Dual P3-800 MHz Pentium Processor
512 MB RAM (minimum)
Dual Ultra SCSI Controllers
Two 9GB SCSI hard disks (Duplex configuration)
10/100-Base T Ethernet Adapter Card
3.5" 144 MB Floppy Drive
4mm 4/8 GB DAT Drive
CD ROM Drive (24X)
Color Monitor (17")
4 M High Resolution Graphics Card (Capable of 1280 x 1024)
Keyboard / Mouse


AirBoss Server 3rd-Party Software
Sun(R)  Solaris(TM)  8  Operating  Environment,   Intel  Platform  Edition.
Required Solaris patches for Compaq DL 380:

o    CPQary - Compaq    Array     Controller,     Version=1.1.1,
Rev=2000.01.26.02.20

o    CPQary2 - Compaq   Second   Generation   Array   Controllers,
Version=1.3.0, Rev=2001.02.02.01.30
Sun Java Web Server v2.0

o    With  Java Web  Server  2.0  Patch 4 for  Solaris  (modified  for
Intel-based hardware)
Oracle 8i Enterprise Edition - Release 3(8.1.7) for Solaris Intel

<PAGE>

13

APPENDIX 2

BENEFITS OF THE EXPIDAS CLUB


o    Access to EXPIDAS, a world class leading edge capability consisting of
a miniature replica of BT Cellnet's networks

o    Access to EXPIDAS  developer  booths at Ealing  Studios with dedicated
time slots

o    "Plug and Play" capability

o    Regular communication with other Developers

o    Availability of showcase facility

o    Access to targeted global developer community

o    BT Wireless  European and Asian brand presence  coupled with own brand
presence

o    Applications and services in a live environment

<PAGE>

14

APPENDIX 3

SUPPORT SERVICES, MAINTENANCE SERVICES, TRAINING SERVICES,
UPGRADES AND DOCUMENTATION, SOFTWARE LICENCES


Additional Definitions

"Bug Fixes or Error Corrections" shall mean software patches,  workarounds,  and
all Updates  containing  software-correcting  Errors  provided by Geoworks to BT
Wireless pursuant to this Agreement.

"Error"  shall mean a failure of the  AirBoss  Software to operate or perform in
accordance with or otherwise fail to meet the specifications as described in the
software user Documentation.

"Problem  Determination" shall mean isolation of a problem as either an Error or
a problem of another  nature with the system  (e.g.,  BT  Wireless  operational,
database,  hardware/firmware,  interfacing product,  software and hardware other
than Geoworks').

"Tier One Support" shall mean the single point of contact for Developer problems
and technical assistance,  which could be via an EXPIDAS web site. This includes
restoring system outages and Problem Determination.

"Tier Two Support"Tier Two Support personnel serve as technical resources to the
Tier One Support personnel to provide reasonable limited assistance in answering
Developer queries,  analysing reported troubles,  offering  workarounds,  and/or
performing  scheduled and unscheduled  maintenance.  Tier Two Support  personnel
assist  the  Tier  One  Support  personnel  in the  diagnosis  of  problems,  if
necessary,  after Tier One Support has provided reasonable Problem Determination
efforts. Tier Two Support personnel engage the Tier Three Support personnel,  if
appropriate.

"Tier Three Support" After Tier One Support Personnel have isolated a problem to
an Error in the AirBoss software, Tier Three Support personnel will provide Tier
3 Support, including Bug Fixes or Error Corrections.

"Updates" shall mean a modification to the AirBoss  Software which  incorporates
corrections   of  Errors  and  which  may  also  provide   minor   functionality
improvements as designated by Geoworks.

"Upgrades" shall mean a new release of the AirBoss Software providing additional
functionality and which is not an Update.

Support and Maintenance Services

BT Wireless will provide  Developer with Tier One Support.  BT Wireless will not
direct any  Developer  to contact  Geoworks  for Tier One  Support.  Provided BT
Wireless  has timely and

<PAGE>

15

properly performed Tier One Support and the Error has been isolated to a problem
with the AirBoss Software, Geoworks will promptly provide BT Wireless at no cost
with  Tier Two  Support  and Tier  Three  Support.  Subject  to any BT  Wireless
security and health and safety at work  requirements,  BT Wireless  will provide
Geoworks  with full  AirBoss  system  access and  privileges,  both  on-site and
remotely,  twenty-four  hours  per day,  seven  days per week as  necessary  for
Geoworks  to  provide  Tier Two  Support  and Tier  Three  Support.  Subject  to
compliance with any BT Wireless security requirements and server availability BT
Wireless  will  provide  Geoworks  with  appropriate  access,  as  soon as it is
available,  including Telnet and FTP access, to the AirBoss server, both on-site
and remotely,  on a reasonable  efforts basis,  twenty-four hours per day, seven
days per week (and  subject to any  matters  outside  the control of BT Wireless
which may prevent this) in order for Geoworks to provide Tier Three Support.

Geoworks will provide at no cost maintenance for the currently available and one
prior major release of the AirBoss  Software.  In no event will Geoworks support
any release for more than a two year period.

Training Services

Geoworks shall provide to BT Wireless the following training:

Geoworks  will  provide  at no cost  one (1)  session  of each of the  following
training workshops to BT Wireless.  The Parties will agree upon the location for
delivering the training  workshops.  One copy of the training  materials will be
provided to BT Wireless  and BT Wireless may make as many copies as necessary to
meet their obligations under the Agreement and this Appendix 3.

Course                     AirBoss Customer Support Training
Objective                 At the end of this training, participants will be able
to appropriately  gather information,  diagnose common
browser problems, and enable callers in some instances
to fix problems and to perform Tier One Support.
Audience                  Tier  One  Support  representatives or their trainers.
Size: 4-12.
Description               Participants  get hands-on  experience  with key tasks
including  the  following:  installing  AirBoss  on  a
mobile device (through a PC), configuring AirBoss on a
mobile device, querying the AirBoss database to verify
customer   provisioning,   testing  a  mobile  device,
reading server event logs, and trouble-shooting common
problems.
Duration                  1 day

Additionally,  Geoworks will provide four (4) sessions of the following training
workshop to BT Wireless and Developers. The Parties will agree upon the location
for delivering the training  workshops.  One copy of the training materials will
be provided to BT Wireless  and BT Wireless

<PAGE>

16

may make as many  copies  as  necessary  to meet  their  obligations  under  the
Agreement and this Appendix 3.

Course                          ABInet SDK Developer Training
Objective                 At the end of this training, participants will be able
to identify the key  components  of the ABInet SDK and
discuss how an application was developed.
Audience                  Developers using the SDK to create Applications.
Description               Topics covered include: ABInet API overview,  Customer
Support    Call    Management    (CSCM)    Application
demonstration,  ABInet API  specifications,  CSCM Pull
Flow and API usage, CSCM system view and ABInet usage,
CSCM Push Flow and API usage.
Duration                  1/2 day

Upgrades

During the term of the Agreement, Geoworks will provide, at no cost, upgrades to
the SDK and the Geoworks Software subject to the license grants and restrictions
in this  Agreement,  when such upgrades are defined by Geoworks to its licensees
generally.

Documentation

AirBoss Software Documentation will be delivered concurrent with the delivery of
the AirBoss  software at no cost.  BT Wireless  will receive one (1) copy of the
user Documentation on CD-ROM and has the rights to make unlimited copies for use
with the AirBoss  Software as allowed  under the  Agreement and in this Appendix
Three. All  Documentation  will be updated on a rolling basis to ensure that all
changes to the Air Boss Software are accurately reflected in such Documentation.
All update  documentation  will be delivered on CD-ROM and clearly  marked which
version or release of the AirBoss Software is reflected by such Documentation.

In order to maintain effective  communication  with Expidas developers  Geoworks
will,  dependent  upon  mutual  agreement  between  the  Parties  on timing  and
content:,

(i)  provide advance timetable of any pre-release information;

(ii) provide in any pre-release  information pack any changes including any
changes in functionality,  faults fixed, changes to performance, known
faults still remaining;

<PAGE>

17

(iii)grant  rights to BT  Wireless  to release  aspects of the  pre-release
information  to  developers  and  make  the  pre-release   information
available via the EXPIDAS web site.


Software Licences
In Live Service:

If and when any AirBoss Software or anything  provided under Appendix 3 are
agreed to be sold or provided by Geoworks it shall be at ###.

<PAGE>

18

APPENDIX 4

AirBoss Application Platform
Software Development Kit (SDK) License

Geoworks Corporation
960 Atlantic Avenue
Alameda, CA 94501

By accepting this license agreement, you, as a third party developer (Developer)
agree that Geoworks Corporation,  a Delaware  Corporation,  and its wholly owned
subsidiaries  (Geoworks) grants you a non-exclusive license to use the Geoworks'
AirBoss   Application   Platform   Software   Development  Kit  (SDK),   AirBoss
Microbrowser  Client  Software,   and  related  documentation   (Documentation),
collectively "Software", subject to the following terms and conditions, and that
developer accepts such terms and conditions

WHEREAS  Developer has indicated its desire to become a participant  in the
Geoworks Application Platform Software Developer Program (Program);

WHEREAS, in connection with the Program,  Geoworks may provide to Developer
the Software and support (Support);

WHEREAS,  Geoworks  has  agreed to  provide  the  Software  and  Support to
Developer  subject  to and in  accordance  with the  terms  and  conditions
hereunder;

WHEREAS,  Developer  wishes to  participate  in the Program and utilize the
Software and Support to develop certain application programs;

NOW THEREFORE,  in consideration of the premises and mutual  representations and
covenants contained herein, the parties agree as follows:

1.   Term. The term of this Agreement  shall be for a period of twelve (12)
months commencing on the Effective Date,  unless otherwise  terminated
as provided  herein.  Thereafter,  this  Agreement  may be renewed for
successive  terms of 12 months (Renewal  terms) each unless  otherwise
terminated as provided herein.

2.   Software Development Kit. Upon execution of this Agreement,  Developer
is  authorized  to receive the Software  that  currently  supports the
AirBoss Application Platform as described in its Documentation. Use of
the  Software  requires  access to the  AirBoss  Application  Platform
server  software and Developer may be assigned up to a maximum of five
(5) registered  user access  accounts at any one time,  each allocated
for a six (6) month period.  Individual  user access  accounts will be
established by Geoworks upon receipt of a Registration  Form completed
by each  user.  Developer  shall  be  responsible  for  acquiring  any
hardware or third party  software  or  services  necessary  to use the
Software,  including  but not  limited to laptop  computer,  hand held
device,  modem etc.  Developer  shall also be  responsible  for making
service arrangements with a wireless service provider supported by the
Program and/or for obtaining an Internet connection.

3.   License Grant. Developer is hereby granted a non-exclusive,  personal,
non-transferable,  non-commercial  license to utilize the Software and
Documentation furnished under Section 2 for the Term of this Agreement
for the sole  purposes of: (a)  developing  client  applications;  (b)
demonstrating  the  client  applications  to  potential  customers  at

<PAGE>

19

Developer's  facility;  (c) using the  Documentation in support of the
above  noted  authorized  uses;  and (d)  making  one (1)  copy of the
Software  for  archival or backup  purposes.  This copy shall bear all
copyright and proprietary  notices of Geoworks  appearing on or in the
original material, as furnished by Geoworks to Developer.

4.   License Restrictions. The Developer shall not use the Software for any
use which is not specified in this Agreement including but not limited
to (a) its use for internal data processing or for processing customer
data; (b) any commercial purposes; or (c) renting, leasing, granting a
security interest in, transferring right,  electronically distributing
the Software by  interactive  cable or remote  processing  services or
otherwise distributing the Software.

5.   Confidentiality.  Developer  shall hold the Software in confidence for
the benefit of  Geoworks,  and  restrict  disclosure  of the  Software
solely to those employees of Developer  having a need to know, and who
have signed confidentiality agreements with Developer. Developer shall
not disclose  the  Software,  in whole or in part,  to any third party
unless  Geoworks  expressly  agrees  in  writing  to such  disclosure.
Developer   shall  not   reverse   engineer,   decompile,   decompose,
disassemble,  or decode the Software or any portion  thereof or derive
any source code or algorithms therefrom.  Developer shall be deemed to
have  met its  obligations  under  this  Section  if it uses  the same
standard  of care for  Software  that  Licensee  utilizes  for its own
proprietary software,  but no less than a reasonable standard of care.
Developer's  obligations  to  keep  the  Software  confidential  shall
continue in effect until Geoworks informs Recipient,  in writing, that
the  Software  is no longer  deemed  confidential  by  Geoworks.  This
Agreement supersedes all previous and contemporaneous  communications,
written or oral, with respect to the confidentiality of the Software.

6.   Ownership of Software.  The Software and Documentation shall be deemed
the  property of Geoworks  and  Developer  agrees that it shall not be
reproduced or copied except as permitted above, and that upon request,
or  upon  completion  of  this   Agreement,   all  such  Software  and
Documentation in tangible form, including all copies thereof,  will be
returned  to  Geoworks,  and all such  Software  shall be erased  from
Developer's computer systems and written confirmation thereof provided
to Geoworks. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as
granting or conferring any rights (other than those  specifically  set
forth hereunder) by license or otherwise in any Software  disclosed to
the Developer, or in any proprietary rights related thereto.

7.   Ownership of Applications.  So long as any  applications  developed by
Developer (Applications) do not contain any portion of the Software or
any other Geoworks  proprietary or  intellectual  property,  Developer
shall own all right,  title and interest in the  Applications.  To the
extent that any Applications include the Software or portions thereof,
or require  the  Software  or  portions  thereof in order to  function
properly,  Geoworks  retains  all  right  title and  interest  in such
Software and portions  thereof  incorporated  into the Applications or
required by the Application in order to function.

8.   No Rights to Sublicense.  In the event  Developer  desires to license,
sell,  distribute or otherwise  provide  Applications to a third party
and such Applications  include the Software,  or portions thereof,  or
require Software or portions  thereof in order to function,  Developer
acknowledges  and agrees  that such  license,  sale,  distribution  or
provision  may not be  exercised by Developer  unless  Geoworks  first
agrees to license  the  Software  to such third  party under terms and
conditions acceptable to Geoworks.

<PAGE>

20

9.   Export.  Developer  acknowledges that any commodities and/or technical
data  provided   under  this   Agreement  is  subject  to  the  Export
Administration  Regulations  ("the  EAR")  administered  by  the  U.S.
Commerce  Department and that any export or re-export  thereof must be
in compliance  with the EAR. The receiving  party agrees that it shall
not export or  re-export,  directly or  indirectly,  either during the
term of this Agreement or after its expiration, any commodities and/or
technical  data (or  direct  products  thereof)  provided  under  this
Agreement in any form to destinations in Country Groups D:1 or E:2, as
specified in Supplement  No. 1 to Part 740 of the EAR, and as modified
from  time  to  time  by  the  U.S.  Department  of  Commerce,  or  to
destinations  that are otherwise  controlled  or embargoed  under U.S.
law.

10.  Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under
the  substantive  laws of the State of California.  The parties hereby
agree that any disputes  arising under this Agreement shall be brought
exclusively  within the state and federal  courts located in the State
of  California.  In the event of a breach or  threatened  or  intended
breach of this  Agreement by Developer,  Geoworks,  in addition to any
other rights and remedies available to it at law or in equity shall be
entitled to injunctive relief,  enjoining and restraining such breach.
The prevailing  party in any action related to this Agreement shall be
entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys' and experts' charges.

11.  DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY AND  LIMITATION  OF LIABILITY.  THE SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED TO DEVELOPER  "AS IS" AND GEOWORKS  MAKES NO  REPRESENTATIONS
AND EXTENDS NO  WARRANTIES,  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,  WITH  RESPECT TO THE
SOFTWARE,   INCLUDING  BUT  NOT  LIMITED  TO,  THE  WARRANTY   AGAINST
INFRINGEMENT OF PATENTS OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY RIGHTS AND THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF  MERCHANTIBILITY  AND FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR
PURPOSE,  EVEN IF GEOWORKS HAS BEEN MADE AWARE OF SUCH PURPOSE.  IN NO
EVENT  SHALL  GEOWORKS  OR ANY OF ITS  AFFILIATES  BE  LIABLE  FOR ANY
DAMAGES  INCURRED BY  DEVELOPER,  INCLUDING  ANY LOST PROFITS OR OTHER
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RELATING TO THE SOFTWARE, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT OR TORT. DEVELOPER EXPRESSLY ASSUMES ALL SUCH
RISKS AND  LIABILITIES,  IF ANY. IN ANY EVENT,  DEVELOPER'S  LIABILITY
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100.00).

12.  Termination. Geoworks shall have the right to terminate this Agreement
in the event any breach by  Developer  is not cured  within 30 days of
notice thereof or immediately in the event of any breach under section
4  hereof.  Either  party  shall  have  the  right to  terminate  this
Agreement on ninety days' notice to the other party.  Upon termination
or expiration of this Agreement,  all Software and Documentation  will
be returned to Geoworks and deleted from any magnetic media  remaining
in Developer's possession.

13.  Independent   Contractors.   This   Agreement   does  not  create  any
partnership or agency  relationship  of any kind and the parties shall
be considered independent contractors.  Neither party has the right or
authority  to  assume  or  create  any  obligations  or  to  make  any
representations  or warranties  on behalf of any other party,  whether
express  or  implied,  or to  bind  the  other  party  in  any  manner
whatsoever.

14.  Survival. The provisions of this Agreement regarding  confidentiality,
warranties,  liability, and all others that by their sense and context
are  intended  to  survive  the  termination  or  expiration  of  this
Agreement survive and continue in effect.

<PAGE>

21

15.  Assignment. This Agreement shall not be assignable or transferable (by
insolvency proceedings, mergers, consolidation, purchase, operation of
law  or  otherwise)  by  Developer  without  the  written  consent  of
Geoworks.  Any such  purported  assignment  or transfer  shall be void
without such written consent.

16.  Publicity.  Developer  consents to and hereby  grants to Geoworks  the
right to use Developer's name in any Geoworks  advertising or Geoworks
publication  regarding  Developer's   participation  in  the  Geoworks
Application Platform Software Developer Program.


