









<PAGE>

Exhibit 99.2
SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

This Software License Agreement (this "Agreement") dated as of November 10,
1998,  is entered  into by and between GSE PROCESS  SOLUTIONS,  INC., a Delaware
corporation  ("GSE") and THE SAGE SYSTEMS  DIVISION of VALMET  AUTOMATION  (USA)
INC., 7000 Hollister, Houston, TX, a Delaware corporation ("Valmet USA") and THE
SAGE SYSTEMS DIVISION of VALMET  AUTOMATION  (CANADA) LTD., 10333 Southport Road
S.W.,  Calgary,  AB a Canadian  Corporation  ("Valmet  Canada")  (Valmet USA and
Valmet Canada shall be collectively referred to as "LICENSEE").

WHEREAS,  GSE and Valmet USA have entered into the Asset Purchase Agreement
(as defined herein);

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement, Valmet USA is purchasing
certain assets of GSE's oil & gas business; and

WHEREAS,  the  assets to be  acquired  by Valmet USA do not  include  GSE's
SimSuite Pipeline Software or TotalVision Software; and

WHEREAS,  in connection with the Asset Purchase  Agreement,  subject to the
terms and  conditions  contained  in this  Agreement,  GSE desires to license to
Valmet USA, and Valmet USA desires to license  from GSE,  the SimSuite  Pipeline
Software and the TotalVision Software; and

WHEREAS,  Valmet  USA may also  desire to pursue  such  activities  through
Valmet  Canada,  and GSE has agreed that the license  rights  granted  hereunder
shall be extended to the Valmet Canada as well.

WHEREAS,  the parties  acknowledge and agree that, although GSE will retain
ownership  rights in the software to be licensed  hereunder,  Licensee should be
provided sufficient license rights in such software to allow it, in the ordinary
course of business, to pursue business  opportunities within certain agreed-upon
market limitations;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual representations, warranties,
covenants,  and agreements of the parties herein set forth,  the parties hereto,
intending to be legally bound, do hereby agree as follows:

1. Definitions

1.1. "Asset Purchase  Agreement" means the Asset Purchase Agreement by and among
Valmet USA, GSE and certain  parties  affiliated  with GSE,  dated  November 10,
1998.

1.2. "Claims" shall have the meaning given in Article 6.

1.3.  "Closing  Date" shall have the meaning  ascribed to that term in the Asset
Purchase Agreement.

1.4. "Common Elements" shall have the meaning ascribed to that term in the Asset
Purchase Agreement.

1.5. "D/3 Software"  means GSE's software known as the D/3  Distributed  Control
System.

1.6.  "Derivative"  means any  software,  documentation  or other item that is a
modification or translation of the Software,  or that is otherwise,  based upon,
incorporates, or a derivative work of some or all of the Software.

1.7.  "New  Elegant  Software"  means  GSE's  current  version of the  "Elegant"
software  module (an  electrical  network  modeling  tool) forming part of GSE's
SimSuite  Power  software,  and all  subsequent  updates and  upgraded  versions
thereof  (but only so long as GSE  continues  to  market  such  software).

1.8.  "Permitted  Derivative"  means any Derivative  that,  (i) in the case of a
Derivative  of  the  SimSuite  Pipeline  Software,  is  adapted  for  use  in an
application for which Licensee is authorized to sublicense the SimSuite Pipeline
Software  pursuant to Section 2.1 or 2.5, or (ii) in the case of a Derivative of
the TotalVision  Software,  is adapted for use as part of the S/3 Software,  the
SimSuite  Pipeline  Software,  Licensee's OASyS software or other SCADA software
and software  products  developed by Licensee for use in  connection  with SCADA
systems.

1.9.  "Promotional  Material"  means  promotional  and  marketing  materials for
Software, which disclose the functionality of Software only in general terms and
which  are  intended  for  public  dissemination  free  of  any  confidentiality
obligation, as such materials exist at the Closing Date.

1.10."S/3  Software"  shall have the meaning  ascribed to that term in the Asset
Purchase Agreement.

1.11."SCADA System" means a supervisory control and data acquisition system such
as the S/3 Software or Licensee's OASyS(R) product.

1.12."SimSuite  Pipeline  Software" shall have the meaning ascribed to that term
in the Asset Purchase Agreement.

"Software" means the SimSuite Pipeline Software and the TotalVision Software

1.14."Technical  Documentation"  shall have the meaning ascribed to that term in
the Asset Purchase Agreement.

1.15."TotalVision  Software" shall have the meaning ascribed to that term in the
Asset Purchase Agreement.

1.16.All  other  capitalized  terms used herein which are not defined shall have
the meanings ascribed to them in the Asset Purchase Agreement.

2.   Grants of Licenses

2.1. SimSuite Pipeline Software.

(a) Subject to all the terms and conditions of this  Agreement,  GSE hereby
grants to Licensee,  and Licensee hereby accepts from GSE, a perpetual  (subject
to termination in accordance with Article 9), worldwide, nontransferable (except
in accordance with Article 11), exclusive license to:

(i)  develop Permitted Derivatives of the SimSuite Pipeline Software;

(ii) use and demonstrate the SimSuite  Pipeline Software and Permitted
Derivatives thereof,  provided that such demonstration is without
disclosure of the source code for the SimSuite  Pipeline Software
or of other Technical Documentation;

(iii)reproduce  such  copies of the  SimSuite  Pipeline  Software  and
Permitted Derivatives thereof as are reasonably required to enjoy
the rights granted in this Section 2.1.a;

(iv) reproduce,   prepare   derivative   works  of,   and   distribute
Promotional Materials and operators and users manuals relating to
the SimSuite Pipeline Software; and

(v)  market and sublicense use of the SimSuite  Pipeline  Software and
Permitted Derivatives thereof, in object code form only;

provided,  however,  that such  exclusive  license shall be for use,
marketing  and  sublicensing  of  the  SimSuite  Pipeline  Software,
Permitted  Derivatives  thereof and such  Promotional  Materials and
operators and users  manuals only in  connection  with systems which
model  or  simulate  the  gathering,   pipeline  transportation  and
distribution  of oil,  gas and  petroleum  products  ("Oil &  Gas").
Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  the license granted in this Section
2.1.a shall become a nonexclusive license if, within the earlier of:

(A) two (2) years  following  Licensee's  delivery  of the  SimSuite
Pipeline Software  implementation for Pacific Pipeline System,  Inc.
pursuant to that certain  agreement between GSE and Pacific Pipeline
System, Inc. dated July 1, 1997, or

(B) by March 31, 2002,

Licensee  does not  sublicense  the  SimSuite  Pipeline  Software to
another  unaffiliated  third party in a bona fide  transaction  as a
part of which reasonable  consideration is paid to Licensee for such
sublicense and the applicable license fees are to GSE.

(b)  Subject  to all the terms and  conditions  of this  Agreement,  GSE  hereby
grants to  Licensee,  and  Licensee  hereby  accepts  from GSE, a perpetual
(subject  to  termination  in  accordance   with  Article  9),   worldwide,
nontransferable  (except  in  accordance  with  Article  11),  nonexclusive
license to:

(i)  develop Permitted Derivatives of the SimSuite Pipeline Software;

(ii) use and demonstrate the SimSuite  Pipeline Software and Permitted
Derivatives thereof,  provided that such demonstration is without
disclosure of the source code for the SimSuite  Pipeline Software
or of other Technical Documentation;

(iii)reproduce  such  copies of the  SimSuite  Pipeline  Software  and
Permitted Derivatives thereof as are reasonably required to enjoy
the rights granted in this Section 2.1.b;

(iv) reproduce,   prepare   derivative   works  of,   and   distribute
Promotional Materials and operators and users manuals relating to
the SimSuite Pipeline Software; and

(v)  market and sublicense use of the SimSuite  Pipeline  Software and
Permitted Derivatives thereof, in object code form only;

provided,  however,  that  such  license  shall  be  for  use of the
SimSuite Pipeline Software,  Permitted  Derivatives thereof and such
Promotional  Materials  and  operators  and  users  manuals  only in
connection with systems which model or simulate the transmission and
distribution of electric power ("Electric Power Distribution"),  the
transportation  and  distribution  of fresh water or collection  and
transportation  of waste  water  ("Water  &  Wastewater"),  and rail
traction power distribution ("Rail Traction"); and provided further,
that for use in Electric Power  Distribution  and Water & Wastewater
applications, and Rail Traction. Licensee shall market or sublicense
the SimSuite  Pipeline  Software and Permitted  Derivatives  thereof
only as an  integrated  solution  with a SCADA System  (which may be
either an  end-user's  preexisting  system  or a  Licensee-delivered
system).

(c)  GSE  hereby  grants  Licensee  the  right  to use the  trademark  "SimSuite
Pipeline" in connection  with the license grants for the SimSuite  Pipeline
Software  described in sub-sections (a) and (b) above;  provided,  however,
that  Licensee  shall  not be  permitted  to use the  trademarks  "SimSuite
Power",  "SimSuite  Pro" or  "SimSuite"  (except  when used within the mark
"SimSuite  Pipeline").  Licensee  agrees  that  its  use of  the  trademark
"SimSuite  Pipeline" will be at least  consistent with the quality of GSE's
use of such  trademark  prior to the Closing  Date and that its use of such
trademark shall inure to GSE as the owner of the trademark.

2.2. Total Vision Software

Subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement,  GSE hereby grants to
Licensee,  and  Licensee  hereby  accepts  from  GSE  a  perpetual  (subject  to
termination in accordance with Article 9), worldwide, nontransferable (except in
accordance with Article 11), license to:

(a)  develop Permitted Derivatives of the TotalVision Software;

(b)  use  and  demonstrate  the  TotalVision  Software  and  Permitted
Derivatives thereof,  provided that such use and demonstration is
without   disclosure  of  the  source  code  or  other  Technical
Documentation for the TotalVision Software;

(c)  reproduce such copies of the  TotalVision  Software and Permitted
Derivatives  thereof  as are  reasonably  required  to enjoy  the
rights granted in this Section 2.2;

(d)  reproduce, prepare derivative works of and distribute Promotional
Materials  and  operators  and  users  manuals  relating  to  the
TotalVision Software; and

(e)  market  and  sublicense  use of  TotalVision  and  its  Permitted
Derivatives in object code form only;

provided that Licensee  shall market or sublicense  TotalVision  and
its Permitted  Derivatives and  Promotional  Materials and operators
and users  manuals only as part of or bundled with the S/3 Software,
the SimSuite Pipeline  Software,  Licensee's OASyS software or other
SCADA software and software  products  developed by Licensee for use
in connection with SCADA systems.

This license is exclusive for the use,  marketing and  sub-licensing
of the  TotalVision  Software  with SCADA  systems and  modeling and
simulation  systems used in connection with the gathering,  pipeline
transportation  and distribution of oil, gas and petroleum  products
only, and non-exclusive for all other markets.


2.3. New Elegant Software

Subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement,  GSE hereby grants to
Licensee,  and  Licensee  hereby  accepts  from GSE a  non-exclusive,  perpetual
(subject  to   termination   in   accordance   with   Article   9),   worldwide,
nontransferable (except in accordance with Article 11), license to:

(a)  develop Permitted Derivatives of the New Elegant Software;

(b)  use  and  demonstrate  the New  Elegant  Software  and  Permitted
Derivatives thereof,  provided that such use and demonstration is
without  disclosure  of the  source  code  for  the  New  Elegant
Software;

(c)  reproduce  such copies of the New Elegant  Software and Permitted
Derivatives  thereof  as are  reasonably  required  to enjoy  the
rights granted in this Section 2.3;

(d)  reproduce, prepare derivative works of and distribute Promotional
Materials and Technical Documentation relating to the New Elegant
Software; and

(e)  market and  sublicense  use of the New Elegant  Software  and its
Permitted Derivatives in object code form only;

subject to the following:

*    Buyer's  license  will be  solely  for  use in  applications
involving  the  transmission  and  distribution  of electric
power  and the  distribution  of  electric  power  for  rail
traction purposes only;

*    Buyer shall market or  sublicense  the New Elegant  Software
only as an integrated  solution  with a SCADA system,  which
may be either an end-user's  pre-existing  system or a Buyer
delivered system; and

*    The list  price  for each copy of the New  Elegant  Software
delivered by Licensee to its customers shall be $25,000 USD.
2.4. Intentionally Deleted

2.5. Marketing and Sublicensing of Software and Permitted Derivatives.

(a)  When marketing or sublicensing the Software and Permitted Derivatives,
Licensee shall (i) include in each copy of the Software or a Permitted
Derivative  distributed by Licensee,  copyright and proprietary rights
notices approved, as to content and placement, by GSE in writing; (ii)
make  no   representations   and  warranties,   and  assume  no  other
obligations,  on  behalf  of  GSE;  and  (iii)  enter  into a  written
sublicense  agreement with each sublicensee  which affords GSE no less
protection  than the form of  License  Agreement  attached  hereto  as
Exhibit A.

(b)  Upon written  notice by Licensee of its desire  promptly to market and
sublicense  use of the SimSuite  Pipeline  Software and its  Permitted
Derivatives for use in  applications  other than those provided for in
Section 2.1 of this Agreement,  GSE shall not  unreasonably  refuse to
grant a license,  on terms  substantially the same as the terms of the
grant in Section  2.1.b,  subject to  agreement  of the parties as the
amount of the  license  fees,  to  market  and  sublicense  use of the
SimSuite  Pipeline  Software  and  its  Permitted  Derivatives  in the
additional market.

(c)  Notwithstanding  sub-sections  (a) and (b) above,  Licensee  shall not
use,   market  or   sublicense   the  Software  for  process   control
applications,  without the prior written  consent of GSE, which may be
withheld in GSE's sole discretion.

2.6. Sub-distributors

Licensee may market and sublicense the Software to Licensee's  sub-distributors,
only for  redistribution  to end users,  provided that Licensee obtains from the
sub-distributor  a signed  agreement under which the  sub-distributor  agrees to
market  and  sublicense  the  Software  only in  accordance  with the  terms and
conditions of this  Agreement  and on terms which afford GSE no less  protection
than the terms of this Agreement.

2.7. Title, Notices, Acceptance, Etc.

(a)  Licensee  acknowledges  that  GSE owns the  patent,  copyright,  trade
secret and other  proprietary  rights in the Software and  Promotional
Materials  and all  copies of the  Software.  GSE grants  Licensee  no
licenses or other rights with respect thereto,  including any licenses
by  implication  or  estoppel,  except as  expressly  granted  by this
Agreement. Licensee shall not develop Derivatives or use, demonstrate,
market,  copy,  sublicense,  distribute  or disclose  the  Software or
Derivatives except as specifically authorized herein.

(b)  GSE acknowledges that Licensee will own any patent,  copyright,  trade
secret and other  proprietary  rights arising from the  development of
Permitted Derivatives by and for Licensee,  subject to GSE's rights in
the  Software.  Subject  to all  the  terms  and  conditions  of  this
Agreement,  Licensee hereby grants to GSE, and GSE hereby accepts from
Licensee,   a  perpetual,   worldwide,   nontransferable   (except  in
accordance  with  Article  11),  nonexclusive  license  under  all  of
Licensee's  patent,  copyright,  trade  secret  and other  proprietary
rights in Derivatives to use, reproduce,  adapt,  distribute,  perform
and display any software or other item and to  authorize  others to do
the same.

(c)  Licensee hereby acknowledges GSE's delivery and Licensee's  acceptance
of the Software by virtue of the activities  contemplated by the Asset
Purchase Agreement.

(d)  For a period of one (1) year, commencing on the Closing Date, Licensee
may use in its  marketing of the Software  and  Permitted  Derivatives
truthful  statements  identifying  the Software as a former product of
GSE;  provided  that  Licensee  shall  use  GSE's  name  only  in such
statements  and  not  use  GSE's  name  or any  trademark  of GSE as a
trademark  (except for trademarks  transferred to Licensee pursuant to
the Asset  Purchase  Agreement).  Thereafter,  except as  provided  in
Section  2.5.a.  with  respect to  copyright  and  proprietary  rights
notices,  Licensee shall not identify GSE in its marketing of Software
and Derivatives.  At no time shall Licensee provide to any third party
any false or  misleading  description  of fact, or false or misleading
representation  of fact,  or  engage in any  other  activity  which is
likely to suggest  that GSE is the  then-current  source of supply for
the Software or Permitted Derivatives or otherwise cause confusion, or
cause mistake,  or to deceive as to the  affiliation,  connection,  or
association  of  GSE  with  Licensee,  the  Software,  Derivatives  or
Promotional Material.

3. Right Of First Refusal

3.1. GSE shall not sell,  transfer,  assign or otherwise dispose of the SimSuite
Pipeline  Software without first offering to sell the SimSuite Pipeline Software
to Licensee in accordance  with this Article.  If GSE receives a bona fide offer
(an  "Offer")  from a third  party not  related to or  affiliated  with GSE,  to
purchase GSE's rights in the SimSuite Pipeline Software,  and GSE is prepared to
accept the Offer,  GSE shall  first make an offer in writing to Licensee to sell
the SimSuite  Pipeline Software to Buyer on the same terms and conditions as the
Offer.  Notwithstanding the above, GSE may sell, transfer or assign the SimSuite
Pipeline  Software  to an  affiliate  or parent  company  without  regard to the
restrictions  in this Article,  provided  that the  affiliate or parent  company
agrees to be bound by this Agreement.

3.2. GSE's offer to Licensee shall be open for acceptance by Licensee for thirty
(30) days after its receipt.  If no acceptance is received from Licensee  within
the  thirty  (30) day  period,  the  offer to sell  shall be deemed to have been
refused by Licensee  and GSE may proceed  with  selling  the  SimSuite  Pipeline
Software  at a price not less than the  price,  and on terms not more  favorable
than the terms at which the SimSuite Pipeline Software was offered to Licensee.

3.3. If no sale of the  SimSuite  Pipeline  Software is  completed by GSE within
ninety  (90) days  following  the date of  rejection  (or deemed  rejection)  by
Licensee of GSEs offer,  GSE shall be required,  before selling,  transferring,'
assigning or otherwise  disposing of the SimSuite  Pipeline  Software,  to again
offer the SimSuite Pipeline Software to Licensee in the manner set out above.

3.4. The  provisions of this Article shall not apply to commercial  arrangements
within the  ordinary  course of GSE's  business  outside  the  markets for which
Licensee's rights are exclusive under this Agreement.

4. Intentionally Deleted

5. Confidentiality

5.1. For the purpose of this Article, the term "Confidential  Information" means
the Software, Derivatives to the extent they incorporate Software or information
contained in Software,  and any other  material or  information  relating to the
Software that GSE treats as confidential  and provides to Licensee in connection
with this Agreement;  provided that "Confidential  Information" does not include
any material or  information  that Licensee can  demonstrate:  (i) is or becomes
publicly  known  through no fault of Licensee,  (ii) is  rightfully  obtained by
Licensee from a third party not obligated to preserve its confidentiality. (iii)
by clear and  convincing  documentation,  was already known to Licensee prior to
the  delivery of any Software  licensed  pursuant to this  Agreement  through no
infringement  of any  proprietary  right of GSE or  breach of an  obligation  of
confidentiality owed to GSE, and (iv) by clear and convincing documentation, has
been independently developed by Licensee without access to the Software licensed
pursuant to this Agreement.

5.2. Licensee shall not use Confidential  Information for any purpose other than
in  accordance   with  this  Agreement  and  shall  not  disclose   Confidential
Information  to any person  other than its  employees  who have signed a written
nondisclosure  agreement  comparable in scope to this Article and have a need to
know such Confidential Information.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Licensee may
disclose  Confidential  Information  to the extent  required by a court or other
governmental  authority,  provided that (i) Licensee gives GSE reasonable notice
of the disclosure,  (ii) Licensee uses reasonable  efforts to resist  disclosing
the Confidential Information, (iii) Licensee cooperates with GSE on a request to
obtain a protective order or otherwise limit the disclosure, and (iv) as soon as
reasonably possible, Licensee provides a letter from its counsel confirming that
the Confidential Information is, in fact, required to be disclosed.

5.3.  Licensee  shall guard  against  unauthorized  access to or  disclosure  of
Confidential  Information by  commercially  reasonable  procedures,  which in no
event  shall be less  protective  than the  procedures  employed  by Licensee to
protect its own similar  information.  Without  limiting the  generality  of the
foregoing, Licensee shall (i) store or use the source code for the Software only
on computers separated from public networks and from private networks that could
allow access to employees who do not have a need to know such source code;  (ii)
maintain  logs of the  location  of all  copies of such  source  code and of the
employees  having access  thereto;  and (iii) provide copies of such logs to GSE
upon GSE's request.

5.4.  The parties  acknowledge  that  Licensee's  breach of this Article 5 would
cause GSE  irreparable  injury for which it would not have an adequate remedy at
law.  In the event of a breach,  the  non-breaching  party  shall be entitled to
injunctive  relief in  addition  to any other  remedies it may have at law or in
equity.

6. Infringement Warranty and Indemnity

6.1 GSE represents and warrants that it has the right to license the Software to
Licensee.  GSE shall  indemnify,  defend,  and hold  harmless  Licensee  and its
respective  successors  and  assigns  and the  directors,  officers,  employees,
managing partners and agents of each (collectively,  the "Licensee Group"),  at,
and at any time after,  the Closing Date,  from and against any and all demands,
claims, actions, or causes of action, assessments, losses, damages, liabilities,
costs, and expenses,  including  reasonable fees and expenses of counsel,  other
expenses of  investigation,  handling,  and litigation,  and settlement  amounts
(collectively,  a "Loss" or "Losses"),  asserted against,  resulting to, imposed
upon, or incurred by the Licensee Group,  directly or indirectly,  by reason of,
resulting  from,  or arising in  connection  with any use of the Software by the
Licensee  or its  customers  in the same manner used by GSE prior to the Closing
Date that  infringes the  intellectual  property  rights of any person under the
laws of the United States or Canada or infringes:

(1)  a patent or copyright  under the laws of the countries  listed in
Exhibit B; or

(2)  a trade secret  under the laws of any  country,  if the same acts
also would constitute a  misappropriation  of trade secrets under
the laws of the United States.


If any  portion  of the  Software  is  held to  constitute  an  infringement  or
misappropriation  and its use is  enjoined  (or if GSE  believes  that  any such
portion may be so held and enjoined), GSE may at its own expense:

(a)  procure for Licensee the right to continue  using such portion of
the Software;

(b)  replace such portion of the Software  with a  non-infringing  and
non-misappropriating   functional   equivalent   satisfactory  to
Licensee; or

(c)  modify  such  portion of the  Software in a way  satisfactory  to
Licensee    so    that    it    becomes     non-infringing    and
non-misappropriating.

6.2 Licensee shall indemnify,  defend,  and hold harmless GSE and its successors
and  assigns  and  the  directors,   officers,  employees,  and  agents  of  GSE
(collectively,  the "GSE Group"),  at, and at any time after,  the Closing Date,
from and against any and all Losses  asserted  against,  resulting  to,  imposed
upon,  or  incurred  by the GSE Group,  directly  or  indirectly,  by reason of,
resulting  from, or arising in connection with Licensee's use or distribution of
the Software or  Derivatives,  except to the extent that such Losses are subject
to GSE's indemnification obligations under the provisions of Section 6.1 of this
Agreement or Article 11.1 of the Asset Purchase Agreement.

6.3 The party  entitled to  indemnification  hereunder  (the  "Claimant")  shall
promptly  deliver to the party liable for such  indemnification  hereunder  (the
"Obligor")  notice in writing (the "Required  Notice") of any claim for recovery
under Section 6.1 or Section 6.2,  specifying in reasonable detail the nature of
the Loss,  and,  if known,  the amount,  or an  estimate  of the amount,  of the
liability  arising  therefrom (the  "Claim").  The Claimant shall provide to the
Obligor as promptly as  practicable  thereafter  information  and  documentation
reasonably  requested  by the Obligor to support and verify the claim  asserted,
provided  that, in so doing,  it may restrict or condition any disclosure in the
interest of preserving privileges of importance in any foreseeable litigation.

6.4 The  parties  agree  that any  breach of the  foregoing  representation  and
warranty in this Article 6 or claim to  indemnification  under this Article 6 is
subject to the  provisions of Articles  11.3,  11.4,  11.5 and 11.6 of the Asset
Purchase Agreement.

7. Warranties

EXCEPT AS  PROVIDED IN SECTION  6.1,  SOFTWARE  AND  PROMOTIONAL  MATERIALS  ARE
PROVIDED "AS IS," AND GSE MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

8. Limitation of Liability

GSE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE HEREUNDER FOR INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THEIR POSSIBILITY.

9. Termination

If Licensee fails to comply with any material  provision of this Agreement,  GSE
may give  Licensee  written  notice of breach  and,  unless such breach is fully
cured within  thirty (30) days after the receipt of notice by Licensee,  GSE may
thereupon,  at its option,  terminate this Agreement upon further written notice
to Licensee.

10. Notices

Any notice,  request,  instruction,  other communication or other document to be
given  hereunder  by any party hereto to the other party shall be in writing and
delivered  personally,  telecopied  or sent  by  recognized  overnight  delivery
service,  and shall be deemed  given when so  delivered  personally,  telecopied
(with appropriate confirmation of receipt) or received, as follows:

If to GSE, to:

GSE Process Solutions, Inc.
9189 Red Branch Road
Columbia, MD 21045
Attention:  Thomas K. Milhollan

If to Licensee, to:

Valmet Automation SAGE Systems Division
C/O 10333 Southport Road S.W.
Calgary, AB, Canada, T2W 3X6
Attention: Cameron Demcoe

with copies to:

Arent Fox Kintner Plotkin & Kahn
1050 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20036-5339
Attention:  Gerald P. McCartin, Esq.

or at such other  addresses  for a party as shall be  specified by notice to the
other party.

11. Assignment

11.1. This Agreement shall not be assignable by either party hereto,  whether by
written  instrument or by operation of law,  without the written  consent of the
other party,  which  consent shall not be withheld  unreasonably;  provided that
either  party may assign this  Agreement  to any entity into which such party is
merged or to which all or substantially  all the assets of its business relating
to the Software is transferred  (subject to the right of first refusal  provided
in Article 3 hereof),  if such party  provides  the other  party  prior  written
notice of such assignment together with a written  confirmation by the assignee,
reasonably  satisfactory  in form and  substance to the other  party,  that such
assignee  agrees to, and agrees to be bound by, all of the terms and  conditions
of this  Agreement.  Any  purported  assignment  in violation of this Article 11
shall be void.

11.2.  Licensee agrees that,  should it intend to assign or otherwise  transfer,
including  by merger or other  operation  of law, any or all of its rights under
this  Agreement  as  permitted  by  this  Section  11.1 to any of  GSE's  direct
competitors in the computer-based simulation business, or an affiliate of such a
competitor  of GSE,  GSE shall have a right of first  refusal to acquire any and
all  rights  under  this   Agreement   intended  to  be  assigned  or  otherwise
transferred.  Accordingly,  Licensee shall not assign or otherwise  transfer its
rights  under this  Agreement  without  first  offering  such  rights to GSE and
permitting  GSE thirty (30) days to evaluate  whether to acquire the same on the
terms  offered by Licensee.  If GSE  manifests  its desire to acquire the rights
under this  Agreement on the terms  offered,  the parties shall  consummate  the
assignment  or other  transfer  within  thirty (30) days.  Only if GSE elects in
writing  not to acquire  the same on the terms  offered  or the thirty  (30) day
period  passes  without GSE electing in writing to acquire the same on the terms
offered may Licensee sell the rights under this Agreement to a third party,  and
only then for the price and on the terms offered to GSE.

12. Export Controls

12.1.  Licensee  shall  comply  with any  export  control  laws and  regulations
applicable to the Software. Licensee shall indemnify GSE for any and all damages
and fines  resulting  from a violation  of  applicable  export  control laws and
regulations that occurs after the Closing Date.

13. Miscellaneous

13.1. This Agreement (including any and all Exhibits hereto), the Asset Purchase
Agreement, and the other certificates,  agreements,  and other instruments to be
executed  and  delivered  by the  parties in  connection  with the  transactions
contemplated  hereby,  constitute  the sole  understanding  of the parties  with
respect to the subject matter hereof. No amendment,  modification, or alteration
of the terms or provisions of this  Agreement  shall be binding  unless the same
shall be in writing and duly executed by the parties hereto.

13.2. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,  each of which
shall  for all  purposes  be  deemed to be an  original  and all of which  shall
constitute the same instrument.

13.3.  The  headings  of  the  Articles  of  this  Agreement  are  inserted  for
convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or
to affect the construction hereof.

13.4.  Any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement may be waived in writing
at any time by the party that is entitled to the benefits thereof.  No waiver of
any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to or shall constitute a
waiver of any other provision hereof (whether or not similar).

13.5.  This Agreement  shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the
laws of the  State of  Maryland  without  giving  effect  to the  principles  of
conflicts of law thereof.

13.6.  GSE and Licensee  shall consult with each other before  issuing any press
releases  or  otherwise  making  any  public  statements  with  respect  to this
Agreement and the  transactions  contemplated  hereby.  Neither GSE nor Licensee
shall  issue any such press  release or make any public  statement  without  the
agreement of the other party,  except as such party's counsel advises in writing
may be required by law.

13.7.  With the exception of the parties to this Agreement  there shall exist no
right of any person to claim a  beneficial  interest  in this  Agreement  or any
rights occurring by virtue of this Agreement.

13.8. All covenants,  agreements,  representations,  and warranties  made herein
shall survive the  execution and delivery of this  Agreement and the Closing and
shall not be deemed waived or otherwise  affected by any  investigation  made by
any party hereto.

13.9.  Words of inclusion shall not be construed as terms of limitation  herein,
so that  references  to "included"  matters  shall be regarded as  nonexclusive,
noncharacterizing illustrations.



[This space intentionally left blank, go to next page]


IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  each of the parties hereto has caused this Agreement to be
executed on its behalf on the date indicated.

GSE PROCESS SOLUTIONS, INC.


By:
Name:
Title:


THE SAGE SYSTEMS DIVISION
OF VALMET AUTOMATION (USA), INC.


By:
Name:
Title:

THE SAGE SYSTEMS DIVISION
OF VALMET AUTOMATION (CANADA) LTD.


By:
Name:
Title:

