










<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 10.56

March 8, 1996

Mr. Ali Akbar
6408 Barfield Drive
Dallas, Texas  75252


Dear Al:

I am pleased that we are able to work out an agreement, pursuant to which you
will become the Vice President - Managed Care of Sterling Vision, Inc. As
previously discussed, our Company is committed to expanding this segment of our
business and we believe that your background and experience will help accelerate
our results.

To sum up the terms of our understanding, we have agreed to enter into a more
formal Employment Agreement, which will provide for the following:

1.   A base salary of $100,000.00 per year;

2.   An initial term of eighteen (18) months, subject to the right of
cancellation by either party, during the month of January 1997. If the
Company decides to cancel the Agreement, it will provide 90 day notice,
during which time you will agree to report to work and perform your duties,
in accordance with the initial Agreement. The compensation shall remain the
same during the notice period, as the initial period, including all
expenses and benefits;

3.   During the initial nine (9) month period, all expenses relating to your
required commuting to our office in New York, including transportation,
lodging and living expenses, consistent with our standard program for
travel, shall be born by our Company;

4.   As of February 1, 1997, unless the Agreement is cancelled by either party
during January 1997, the parties will enter into an extend Employment
Agreement. In that Agreement, the Company will increase the base salary by
20% and provide a reasonable relocation package, with actual relocation
taking place at the request of the Company, during June or July 1997.
Should the Company decide not to relocate you to the Long Island area, you
will be provided with your expenses as outlined in item #3 of the
Agreement;


12

<PAGE>

March 8, 1996
PAGE TWO


Upon execution of the Employment Agreement, the Company will provide you
with a stock option program that would vest 8,333 options, at the market
price, at the end of each twelve (12) month period, over three (3) years,
with such options totalling 25,000 in the aggregate. The foregoing stock
option and compensation package is subject to the approval of Sterling
Vision, Inc.'s, Compensation Committee and I will present the total program
to the members of the Committee next week. A formal and detailed options
understanding will be provided in conjunction with the Employment
Agreement;

5.   Any incentives or performance bonuses shall be determined by the
Compensation Committee.

I believe that your experience with Sterling Vision will be special because of
the pace in which we operate and make decisions. We do anticipate expanding the
Company's Managed Care Program, under your direction, as soon as possible and,
as we both agree, the ability to offer total eye care shall present excellent
opportunities for generating future revenues.

If the above is consistent with your understanding, please sign below,
representing your acceptance of the terms, and fax a copy of this letter back to
my attention.

I would like to set up a time for you to visit us, as our new Vice President,
and we plan to have a training program, for all executives, which I would like
you to attend. Lastly, I anticipate making an announcement of your employment to
the industry, that will let people know of our mutual decision to work together.

I look forward to working with you closely.

Very truly yours,



Robert B. Greenberg
President

RBG/td                              AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY:

Ali Akbar                     Date

13

