








<PAGE>




EXHIBIT 10.2

[CHILDTIME LOGO]
August 26, 2002

Frank M. Jerneycic
3028 West Ridge Court
Bloomfield Hills MI  48302

Dear Frank:

I am pleased to offer you the position of Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer, and Treasurer for Childtime Learning Centers Inc. and Childtime
Childcare Inc. and to confirm the following details regarding your compensation,
benefits and other information:

1.  You will report directly to the President and Chief Executive Officer
and will begin employment on a mutually agreed upon start date.

2.  Your starting base salary will be $175,000 per annum payable in
biweekly installments.

3.  You will have the opportunity to earn an annual cash bonus (the "Annual
Bonus") payable within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year in an
amount up to a maximum of 100% of your annual earned base salary. You
may start earning bonus when the company reaches 95.1% of budgeted
EBITDA and may earn a bonus of up to 50% on a pro-rata basis for
achieving 100% of budgeted EBITDA. You have the opportunity to earn
additional bonus on a pro rata basis of up to 100% of your annual
earned base salary for achieving or exceeding 120% of budgeted EBITDA.

4.  For the fiscal year 2003 you will be paid a minimum of a $50,000 Annual
Bonus contingent upon achieving certain business objectives. These
objectives will be determined within 60 days of your hire date.

5.  You will be granted an option ("the "Option") to purchase 50,000 shares
of the Common Stock of the Company at a strike price of $3.50 per
share. The Option is a non-qualified Option and will be granted as of
your first day of employment via a Stock Option Grant Letter in
accordance with the Company's 1995 Stock Option Plan for Key Employees,
As Amended. The Option will vest at 20% per year for five years
beginning on the first anniversary after the commencement of your
employment, and will expire on the seventh anniversary after the
commencement of your employment.


<PAGE>





6.  You will be eligible for participation in the Company's contributory
medical, vision, dental and life insurance plans effective October 1,
2002.

7.  You will be eligible for four weeks of vacation per year. After one
year of employment, you will be eligible for participation in the
Company's 401(k) program.




8.  You are eligible for guaranteed employment or payment of your annual
base salary for your first 12 months of employment unless you resign or
are terminated with cause. In the event that you are terminated without
cause in months 9-12 of your first year of employment, you will be
eligible for a minimum of 3 months of your base salary. At any time
after one year of employment with Childtime, you will be eligible for 3
months base salary/severance pay if you are terminated from employment
without cause. Eligibility for the provisions listed in this section is
based upon the execution of a Separation, Confidentiality, and Release
of All Claims Agreement. Other than the provisions reflected in this
paragraph, your employment will be "At Will" and you will serve at the
pleasure of the President and CEO of the company.

Please sign your acknowledgement of your receipt and understanding of this
letter below, and return to Scott Smith as soon as possible. Please do not
hesitate to contact me should you have any questions.

We at both Childtime and Tutor Time are looking very forward to having you
as a part of our team during this exciting time, and trust that your
employment with us will be both challenging and rewarding.

Very truly yours,


/s/ Bill Davis
Bill Davis
President and CEO
Childtime Learning Centers, Inc.

ACKNOWLEDGED:      /s/ Frank M. Jerneycic

Frank M. Jerneycic

Dated as of August 28, 2002






