






Exhibit 10.1




SECOND AMENDMENT TO AMENDED

AND RESTATED
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT




This Second Amendment to Amended
and Restated Employment Agreement (this "Amendment") is entered into as of
February 4, 2005 by and between Tyson Foods, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"),
and Richard L. Bond, a resident of the State of Arkansas (the "Executive").




RECITALS




A.        The Company and Executive
entered into that certain Amended and Restated Employment Agreement on and as
of July 29, 2003, as amended by that certain Executive Amendment dated as of
December 10, 2004 (collectively, the "Original Agreement").




B.         Executive has requested
the Company to amend the Section 3.6 of the Original Agreement to accelerate
the payment of the amounts described therein and the Company is willing to
amend said Section 3.6.




It is therefore hereby agreed by
and between the parties as follows:




1.         Unless otherwise defined
in this Amendment, defined terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned
to such terms in the Original Agreement.




2.         Section 3.6 of the
Original Agreement is hereby amended in its entirety as follows:




"3.6      Deferred
Compensation.  The Company shall pay Executive (or his estate or legal
representative, if applicable) $2,000,000 (plus accrued interest at the rate of
6.75% per annum from September 28, 2001 until the date of payment) on February
10, 2005, less any amount of withholding required by law the Company shall be
entitled to withhold from payment.  Nothing contained in this Section 3.6 and
no action taken pursuant to the provisions of this section shall create or be
construed to create a trust of any kind, or a fiduciary relationship between
the Company and the Executive, his designated beneficiary or any other person.
Any funds which may be invested under the provisions of this Section 3.6 or
earmarked to pay the deferred compensation hereunder shall continue for all
purposes to be a part of the general funds of the Company and no person
(including Executive) other than the Company shall by virtue of the provisions
of this Section 3.6 have any interest in such funds nor have any property
interest in any specific assets of the Company.  To the extent that any person
acquires a right to receive payments from the Company under this Agreement,
such right shall be no greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor
of the Company.  The right of the Executive or any other persons to the payment
of deferred compensation or other benefits under this Section 3.6 shall not be
assigned,









46










transferred, pledged or encumbered except by will or by the laws of
descent and distribution."




3.         Except as specifically
amended hereby, the Original Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.




4.         This Amendment shall be
construed, interpreted and governed in accordance with the laws of Arkansas,
without reference to rules relating to conflicts of law.




5          This Amendment may be
executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original.




IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties hereto have executed this Amendment on the day and year first above
written.




TYSON FOODS, INC.






By:
/s/ John Tyson

Name:  John Tyson

Title:     Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer








/s/ Richard L. Bond

Richard L. Bond






47







