








Corporate Copy
Stephen Mengert


August 5, 2002




Mr. Stephen M. Mengert
9865 Autry Falls Drive
Alpharetta, GA.  30022

Dear Steve:

It is my pleasure to confirm our offer to you, pending approval of the Board of
Directors, for the position of Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial
Officer, on behalf of Matria Healthcare, Inc. ("Matria" or "Company"), which
employment is to commence on or before September 3, 2002. In this position you
will report directly to me.

Your initial base salary will be $8,653.84 (gross before deductions) per
biweekly pay period. Future salary adjustments and assignment of job
responsibilities shall be based upon individual and Company performance. You
will be eligible for your first salary review effective March 1, 2003.

In accordance with Company policy, you will receive an automobile allowance in
the gross amount of $1,300.00 per month.

You will be eligible to participate in the applicable annual Matria Management
Incentive Plan ("MIP") with an annual target bonus amount equal to forty percent
(40%) of the base salary paid to you in accordance with the terms of such
program in effect from time-to-time. Your participation in the 2002 MIP will be
prorated based on the number of full months of employment with the Company
during 2002. In addition, you are eligible to earn a payment under the 2002 MIP
equal to the greater of 1) $25,000 gross before deductions, or 2) the actual
payment as calculated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 2002
MIP. This payment will be made to you at the same time all other 2002 MIP
payments are made to eligible participants. You must meet the eligibility
requirements of the 2002 MIP to earn the above-described payment.

The Company will make a recommendation to the Company's Stock Option Committee
that you be granted a stock option to purchase 20,000 shares of Matria Common
Stock. Provided you remain actively employed in your position, you will also be
eligible to participate in the Company's annual stock option grant recommended
at the Board of Directors meeting in February 2003. Inclusive of the February
2003 annual stock option grant, I will make recommendations to the Company's
Stock Option Committee prior to March 1, 2003 that you be granted stock options
to purchase an additional 10,000 shares of Matria Common Stock. Such stock
options will be subject to the standard terms and conditions of the Company's
applicable stock option plan.

A recommendation will be presented to the Company's Board of Directors that you
be provided with a Change In Control Severance Compensation and Restrictive
Covenant Agreement ("Agreement"). The Agreement will include severance
compensation equal to one times your annual base compensation upon termination
of employment in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement.

Immediately upon employment, you will begin accrual of vacation benefits at the
accrual rate of 1.25 days per month (15 days per annum).


<PAGE>


Mr. Stephen M. Mengert
August 5, 2002
Page 2 of 2


You will be eligible to participate in the customary medical, dental, life
insurance and long-term disability benefits offered to other employees in
similar positions the first pay period following thirty (30) days of employment.
Summaries of these benefits are enclosed for your review. More detailed
enrollment information will be sent to you shortly after you begin employment.
You will also be reimbursed for the cost of COBRA benefits from your previous
employer for the first month of employment. If you decline participation in the
Company's medical benefits and continue participation in the Tatum Partnership
medical plan, you will be paid an amount equivalent to the Company's bi-weekly
net cost (total benefit cost less employee contribution) for the comparable
medical option you are eligible to elect from time to time.

If you accept this offer, you may receive copies of Company policies and
procedures in effect from time to time and agree to abide by same, realizing
that changes can occur at any time and that such policies and procedures are not
to be construed as a contract of employment. You will also be reimbursed for
your reasonable business expenses in accordance with policy.

This offer is contingent upon your signing the Company's Non-Competition
Agreement and Confidentiality Agreement attached hereto. Please indicate your
acceptance to the terms stated herein by signing the acceptance below and
returning this letter, along with an executed original of the attached
Agreements to me in the enclosed self-addressed envelope. Please retain a copy
of the fully executed Agreements for your records.

Steve, we look forward to your joining the Matria team. We are excited about the
potential and expertise you bring to our organization. We are confident these
arrangements will be satisfactory to you and look forward to receiving your
acceptance of our offer of employment. Please do not hesitate to contact
Thornton Kuntz or me should you have any questions.


Sincerely,




Parker H. Petit
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer



cc:      Jeff Koepsell
Thornton Kuntz

ACCEPTANCE

I have read and understand the foregoing which constitutes the complete, entire
and exclusive statement of the agreement between the Company and the undersigned
and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous proposals, promises, understandings,
representations, conditions, oral or written, relating to the subject matter of
this agreement. I accept employment at will with the Company subject to the
terms and conditions contained herein.


Stephen M. Mengert                                                  Date



