









THIRD AMENDMENT
TO
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
BETWEEN
FINE HOST CORPORATION
NORTHWEST FOOD SERVICE, INC.
AND
ROBERT F. BARNEY



This Amendment to Employment Agreement is entered as of this 28th day
of May 1998,  by and among Fine Host  Corporation  ("Fine  Host"),  Northwest
Food Service, Inc. (the "Company"), and Robert F. Barney (the "Executive").

WHEREAS,  Fine Host, the Company, and the Executive are parties to that
certain  Employment  Agreement  made as of June 30, 1995,  as amended on July 1,
1996 and  further  amended  on March  17,  1997  (collectively  the  "Employment
Agreement"); and

WHEREAS,  capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall
have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Employment Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the parties wish to modify and amend certain provisions of the
Agreement.

NOW,  THEREFORE,  the parties  intending to be legally  bound  thereby,
mutually agree as follows:

1.       Section 1.  Employment.  Add the following:

Notwithstanding the foregoing,  as of July 1, 1998,  Executive
shall be required to devote  one-half of his business  time to
Company  affairs,  reporting  directly to Mark Simkiss - Group
President   Education  and  Business   Dining  of  Fine  Host.
Accordingly,  Executive hereby relinquishes his title as Group
President - Education and Business Dining. As of July 1, 1998,
Executive  shall not be  required  to work from the  Company's
Greenwich,  Connecticut office although Executive  understands
and  agrees  that  he may be  required  to  travel  there  and
elsewhere from time to time for business  reasons.  Executives
principal  offices shall be located in Saratoga  Springs,  New
York and Ketchum, Idaho as of July 1, 1998.


<PAGE>



2.       Section 3(a) shall be deleted and the following shall be
substituted therefor:
"(a)  As  compensation  for  the  performance  of the
Executive's services hereunder, the Company shall pay
to the  Executive a base salary of $100,000 per annum
commencing  as of  July  1,  1998.  The  Salary  (the
"Salary")  shall be  payable in  accordance  with the
payroll  practices  of the  Company as the same shall
exist from time to time.  Provided that  Executive is
ready,  willing and able to perform  his  obligations
and is otherwise in compliance with the terms hereof,
Company  acknowledges  that it has no right to reduce
or  eliminate  the Salary even if the Company  elects
not to utilize  Executive's  services during the term
hereof."

3.       Section 4.  Exclusivity shall be deleted and the following
substituted therefor:
"During the  Employment  Term,  the  Executive  shall
devote   himself  to  the  business  of  the  Company
half-time,  shall faithfully serve the Company, shall
in all respects conform to and comply with the lawful
and reasonable  directions and instructions  given to
him by the Board of Directors in accordance  with the
terms of this  Agreement,  shall use his best efforts
to promote and serve the interests of the Company and
shall  not  engage in any  other  business  activity,
whether or not such activity  shall be engaged in for
pecuniary  profit for more than half-time except that
the Executive may (i)  participate  in the activities
of professional  trade  organizations  related to the
business  of the  Company and (ii) engage in personal
investing  activities,  provided that  activities set
forth in these clauses (i) and (ii), either singly or
in the  aggregate,  do not  interfere in any material
respect  with  the  services  to be  provided  by the
Executive hereunder."

4.       Section 5.  Reimbursement for Expenses.  The last sentence of
Section 5 shall be deleted, and the following shall
be substituted therefor:
"The Executive shall receive an aggregate of
$35,000.00 for relocation expenses payable as
follows: $15,000.00 in July, 1998 and $20,000 on
June 30, 1999."

5.       Section 6(f) Payments.  Delete the last two sentences of
Section 6(f) related to relocation and consulting services.

6.       Section 17 Expiration.  Delete Section 17.

7.       Confirmation and Integration.  Except as expressly  amended by
this  Amendment,  the  parties  hereby  confirm and ratify the
Employment   Agreement  in  its   entirety.   The   Employment
Agreement,  as  amended  by this  Amendment,  constitutes  the
entire  agreement  among  Fine  Host,  the  Company,  and  the
Executive  pertaining to the subject  matter of the Employment
Agreement,  as  so  amended,  and  supersedes  all  prior  and
contemporaneous  agreements and  understandings  of Fine Host,
the company, and the Executive in connection therewith.

8.       Governing Law.  This Amendment shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Idaho
without regard to its conflicts of laws provisions.

9.       Counterparts.  This Amendment may be executed in any number
of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an
original and all of which together shall constitute but one
and the same original document.

10.      Headings.  The section headings herein are for convenience
only and do not define, limit or construe the contents
of such sections.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first stated above.




NORTHWEST FOOD SERVICE, INC.                FINE HOST CORPORATION



By: /s/ Gerald P. Buccino                   By: /s/ Gerald P. Buccino
Name:   Gerald P. Buccino                   Name:   Gerald P. Buccino
Title:  President and CEO                   Title:  President and CEO




Robert F. Barney


