






tib10q093007ex10_1.htm









Exhibit
10.1



SECOND
AMENDMENT TO THE

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT

FOR
ALMA SHUCKHART



THIS
AMENDMENT executed on this 7th day
of November 2007 by and between the TIB Financial Corp. (the “Holding Company”),
TIB Bank (the “Bank”), and Alma Shuckhart (the “Executive”).




On  March
1, 2004, the Company and Executive executed the EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT by and
between TIB Financial Corp. (the “Holding Company”), TIB Bank of the Keys (the
“Bank”), and Alma Shuckhart (the “Executive”).




The
undersigned hereby amends, in part,
said Agreement for the purpose of changing the Termination section of the
Agreement.




Section
8 of the
Agreement shall be amended to reflect as follow




8
(b).  Termination.    By
the Executive upon the lapse of 30 days following written notice by the
Executive to the Company of termination of her employment hereunder for Good
Reason (as defined below), which notice shall reasonably describe the Good
Reason for which the Executive’s employment is being terminated; provided,
however, that if the Good Reason specified in such notice is such that
there is a reasonable prospect that it can be cured with diligent effort within
30 days, the Company shall have the opportunity to cure such Good Reason, for
a
period not to exceed 30 days from the date of such notice, and the Executive’s
employment shall continue in effect during such time so long as the Company
makes diligent efforts during such time to cure such Good Reason.  If
such Good Reason shall be cured by the Company during such time, the Executive’s
employment and the obligations of the Company hereunder shall not terminate
as a
result of the notice which has been given with respect to such Good
Reason.  Cure of any Good Reason with or without notice from the
Executive shall not relieve the Company from any obligations to the Executive
under this Agreement or otherwise and shall not affect the Executive’s rights
upon the reoccurrence of the same, or the occurrence of any other, Good
Reason.  For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Good Reason” shall
mean (i) any material breach by the Company of any provision of this Agreement,
or (ii) any significant reduction (not pertaining to job performance issues),
in
the duties, responsibilities, authority or title of the Executive as an officer
of the Company.




If
the Executive’s employment is
terminated by the Executive for Good Reason, the Company shall for a period
of
two years thereafter (i) continue to pay to the Executive the base annual salary
in effect under Section 4(a) on the date of said termination (or, if greater,
the highest annual salary in effect for the Executive within the 36 month period
prior to said termination) plus an annual amount equal to any bonus paid by
the
Company to the Executive during the 12 month period prior to said termination,
such salary and bonus to be payable in such periodic installments (and not
as a
lump sum payment) consistent with the payroll periods for the Company’s payments
to its other employees; and (ii) pay directly or reimburse the Executive for
continued coverage in accordance with the Consolidated Omnibus Budget
Reconciliation Act under the Bank’s medical insurance plan for a period of 18
months..








TIB
FINANCIAL CORP.






TIB
BANK OF THE KEYS







By:



/s/
Edward V. Lett


By:



/s/
Michael Carrigan



Edward
V. Lett


Michael
Carrigan



President
and Chief Executive Officer


President
and Chief Executive Officer















“EXECUTIVE”





By:



/s/
Alma Shuckhart



Alma
Shuckhart, individually





Address:


















