






tib8k092707ex10_1.htm









Exhibit
10.1



AMENDMENT
TO THE

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT

FOR
ALMA SHUCKHART







THIS
AMENDMENT executed on
this
27th      day
of
September            ,
2007 by and between the TIB Financial Corp. (the “Holding Company”), TIB Bank
(the “Bank”), and Alma Shuckhart (the “Executive”).




On  March
1, 2004, the Company and Executive executed the EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT by and
between TIB Financial Corp. (the “Holding Company”), TIB Bank of the Keys (the
“Bank”), and Alma Shuckhart (the “Executive”).




The
undersigned hereby amends, in part,
said Agreement for the purpose of changing the Position and Duties; Records,
Term, and Compensation sections of the Agreement.




Section
2 of the
Agreement shall be amended to reflect as follows:

2.  Position
and Duties; Records.  During the term of
this Agreement, the Executive shall serve as Senior Executive Vice President
& President of the Southwest Florida Market of the Bank, and shall undertake
such duties, consistent with such titles, as may be assigned to him from time
to
time by the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank or Holding Company
and/or Boards of Directors of the Holding Company and the Bank (collectively
referred to as the “Board”), including serving on Board committees as appointed
from time to time by the Board, and assisting in keeping the Company in
compliance with applicable laws and regulations.  In performing his
duties pursuant to this Agreement, the Executive shall devote his full business
time, energy, skill and best efforts to promote the Company and its business
and
affairs; provided that, subject to Sections 10, 12 and 13 of this Agreement,
the
Executive shall have the right to manage and pursue personal and family
interests, and make passive investments in securities, real estate, and other
assets, and also to participate in charitable and community activities and
organizations, so long as such activities do not adversely affect the
performance by Executive of his duties and obligations to the
Company.  Upon termination of the Executive’s employment for any
reason, he shall resign as a director of the Holding Company and the Bank (if
he
is then serving in such capacity).  All files, records, documents,
manuals, books, forms, reports, memoranda, studies, data, calculations,
recordings or correspondence, in whatever form they may exist, and all copies,
abstracts and summaries of the foregoing, and all physical items related to
the
business of the Company, its affiliates and their respective directors and
officers, whether of a public nature or not, and whether prepared by Executive
or not, are and shall remain the exclusive property of the Company, and shall
not be removed from their premises, except as required in the course of
providing the services pursuant to this Agreement, without the prior written
consent of the Company.  Such items shall be promptly returned by the
Executive on the termination of this Agreement or at any earlier time upon
the
request of the Company.

.




Section
3 of the Agreement shall be
amended to reflect a follows:




3.  Term:  The
initial
term of employment pursuant to this Agreement shall be for a period of three
years, commencing with the date set forth in Section 1 and expiring (unless
sooner terminated as otherwise provided in this Agreement or unless otherwise
renewed or extended as set forth herein) on the third anniversary of this
Agreement, which date, including any earlier date of termination or any extended
expiration date, shall be referred to as the “Expiration
Date”.  Subject to the provisions of Section 8 of this Agreement, the
term of this Agreement and the employment of the Executive by the Company
hereunder shall be deemed automatically renewed for successive periods of two
years each on each anniversary date of this Agreement, until the Executive
receives written notice that the term of this Agreement will not be
automatically renewed.  In the event of the Executive’s receipt of
such notice from the Company that the term of this Agreement will not be
renewed, the term of this Agreement shall end on the anniversary of this
Agreement occurring two years after the anniversary date first occurring after
the date such notice is given.  As an illustration of the foregoing,
if such notice were given by the Company to the Executive on a date in 2005
before the anniversary date of this Agreement, then the term of this Agreement
would end on the anniversary date of this Agreement in 2007.  If
notice were given by the Company to the Executive on a date in 2005 after the
first anniversary date of this Agreement, then the term of this Agreement would
end on the anniversary date in 2008. After termination of the employment of
the
Executive for any reason whatsoever, the Executive shall continue to be subject
to the provisions of Sections 10 through 17, inclusive, of this Agreement;
provided, however, that the Executive shall not be subject to the provisions
of
Section 12 where the employment of the Executive is terminated pursuant to
Section 8(e), or where the term of employment is not renewed pursuant to this
Section 3.


































Section
4 of the Agreement shall be amended to reflect a
follows:



4.
Compensation:  4 (a).  A base annual base salary of
$210,000.00 as of the date of amendment, such annual salary to be subject to
increase thereafter as the Board in its discretion shall
determine.  The foregoing salary shall be payable in such periodic
installments consistent with other employees of the Bank.













TIB
FINANCIAL CORP.


TIB
BANK OF THE KEYS





By:



/s/
Edward V. Lett


By:



/s/
Michael Carrigan



Edward
V. Lett

President
and Chief Executive Officer


Michael
Carrigan

President
and Chief Executive Officer









“EXECUTIVE”





/s/
Alma Shuckhart



Alma
Shuckhart, individually





Address:













































