









Exhibit 10.60


Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement


This  Amendment No. 1 (this  "Amendment")  to  Employment  Agreement is
entered into as of October 11, 1999 by and between MIM  Corporation,  a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), and Richard H. Friedman ("Executive").

WHEREAS, the Company and Executive entered into an Employment Agreement
dated as of December 1, 1998 (the "Original Agreement");

WHEREAS, certain compensation provisions in the Original Agreement were
subject  to  stockholder  approval  pursuant  to  Section  3.8 of  the  Original
Agreement;

WHEREAS,  the Company included a proposal (the "Proposal") in its proxy
statement  dated as of July 2, 1999 with  respect to its 1999 Annual  Meeting of
Stockholders  ("Annual Meeting") in order to obtain stockholder  approval of the
relevant compensation provisions of the Original Agreement;

WHEREAS,  the Company submitted the Original  Agreement to stockholders
for approval  primarily to ensure the  deductibility for Federal tax purposes of
compensation  payable to Executive  under the Original  Agreement in  accordance
with Section  162(m) of the Internal  Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,  and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder;

WHEREAS,  with the  consent of  Executive,  the  Company  withdrew  the
Proposal  from  consideration  at the Annual  Meeting  based  upon,  among other
things, an insufficient number of shares necessary to approve the Proposal being
voted by proxy prior to the Meeting;

WHEREAS,  therefore,  the stockholder  approval condition precedent set
forth  in  Section  3.8  will  not  be  satisfied  by  December  31,  1999  and,
accordingly,  the compensation  provisions of the Original  Agreement subject to
such condition may be ineffective; and

WHEREAS,  in light of the  withdrawal of the Proposal,  the Company and
Executive  have  agreed  to  amend  the  Original  Agreement  on the  terms  and
conditions set forth herein so as (a) not to deprive Executive of the benefit of
(i) certain forms of incentive  compensation  granted in the Original  Agreement
and (ii) certain other compensation  payable to Executive upon the occurrence of
certain  events,  including  termination,  all as more  fully  described  in the
Original  Agreement and (b) to ensure on behalf of the Company the deductibility
for Federal tax  purposes of any  compensation  payable to  Executive  under the
Agreement;

NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the mutual  covenants set forth
herein and other  valuable  consideration,  the  sufficiency  of which is hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as
follows:


<PAGE>



1.   Capitalized  terms  used  herein  without  definition  shall  have the
meanings  ascribed  to such terms in the  Original  Agreement  and all
references  to the  "Agreement"  in the Original  Agreement and herein
shall  hereafter  mean  the  Original  Agreement  as  amended  by this
Amendment.

2.   Section  3.8  of the  Original  Agreement  is  hereby  deleted  in its
entirety and shall be deemed to be of no further  force or effect from
and after the date  hereof,  and shall be replaced  by the  following:
"Notwithstanding  any provision herein to the contrary,  to the extent
that any  compensation  that would be payable to  Executive  hereunder
(but for the  operation of this  Section 3.8) would not be  deductible
for Federal tax purposes by the Company as a result of the limitations
of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, as
determined  by  the  Company's  tax  counsel  or  independent   public
accountants  ("nondeductible  compensation"),  then such nondeductible
compensation  shall  not be  payable  by the  Company  or  paid by the
Company in the  taxable  year of the  Company  in which  such  payment
otherwise  would be required  (but for the  operation  of this Section
3.8) to be made under the  Agreement  or any other  agreement  entered
into between the Company and  Executive to effectuate  the  provisions
hereof,  but, instead,  shall be deferred to and become payable in the
next subsequent taxable year of the Company in which such compensation
would be  deductible  for Federal tax  purposes by the Company  taking
into account the limitations of Section 162(m)."

3.   The proviso of Section 3.9 of the Original Agreement is hereby deleted
in its  entirety  and  shall be deemed  to be of no  further  force or
effect from and after the date hereof.

4.   Section  3.3(a) of the Original  Agreement is hereby  amended to add a
new sentence to the end of the  paragraph as follows:  "The payment of
all bonus payments made to Executive hereunder shall be subject to the
limitations set forth in Section 3.8 hereof."

5.   Section  3.3(b) of the  Original  Agreement  is hereby  deleted in its
entirety and replaced with the following: "Upon execution and delivery
of this Agreement, Executive shall be granted and shall be entitled to
receive  200,000  Performance  Units under the  Company's  Amended and
Restated 1996 Stock Incentive Plan ("Plan"),  subject to the terms and
conditions of the Plan and a definitive  Performance Unit Agreement to
be negotiated and entered into by the parties."

6.   Section  3.3(c) of the  Original  Agreement  is hereby  deleted in its
entirety.

7.   Section  3.4  of the  Original  Agreement  is  hereby  deleted  in its
entirety and replaced with the following: "Upon execution and delivery
of this

<PAGE>


8.   Agreement,  the  Executive  shall be granted  and shall be entitled to
receive options  ("Options") to purchase  250,000 shares of the common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company  ("Common  Stock"),
under the Company's Amended and Restated 1996 Stock Incentive Plan, at
a price  per  share  equal to $2.37 per share in the case of ISO's (as
defined below), being 110% of the closing sales price per share of the
Common  Stock,  and $2.16 per share in the case of NQSO's (as  defined
below),  being the closing  sales price per share of the Common Stock,
in each case, on the National Association of Securities Dealers,  Inc.
Automated  Quotation System ("NASDAQ") on October 8, 1999, the date on
which the Company's Compensation Committee granted the Executive these
Options.  The Options shall, to the extent permitted by Section 422 of
the  Internal  Revenue  Code of 1986,  as  amended  (the  "Code"),  be
qualified as incentive stock options  ("ISO's").  Options in excess of
the number permitted to receive ISO treatment under Section 422 of the
Code  shall  not be  qualified  as  ISO's  and  shall  be  treated  as
non-qualified  stock options  ("NQSO's").  Subject to Sections 4 and 5
hereof and the applicable  stock option award  agreement (i) 83,333 of
such Options  shall vest and become  exercisable  on each of the first
and second  anniversaries of the date thereof,  and (ii) the remaining
83,334  Options  shall  vest  and  become  exercisable,  on the  third
anniversary  of the date hereof.  The Options  shall be subject to the
terms  and  conditions  of the  Plan  and a  definitive  stock  option
agreement to be negotiated and entered into by the parties."

9.   Section 4.1 of the Original  Agreement  is hereby  amended by deleting
clause (iv) in its entirety and renumbering clause (v) as clause (iv);
in addition, the cross reference to clause (v) in the last sentence of
Section 4.1 shall be amended to cross reference to clause (iv).

10.  Section 4.2 of the Original  Agreement  is hereby  amended by deleting
clause (iv) in its  entirety and  renumbering  clauses (v) and (vi) as
clauses (iv) and (v) respectively; in addition, the cross reference to
clause (v) in the proviso of clause (v) (now (iv)) shall be amended to
cross reference to clause (iv).

11.  Section 5.1(b) of the Original Agreement is hereby amended by deleting
clause (ii) in its entirety and  renumbering  clauses (iii),  (iv) and
(v) as clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) respectively.

12.  Section 5.1(c) of the Original Agreement is hereby amended by deleting
clause (iii) in its entirety and replacing it with the following  "all
Performance Units shall lapse and terminate immediately; and"

13.  Section 5.2(b) of the Original Agreement is hereby amended by deleting
clause (v) in its entirety and renumbering clause (vi) as clause (v).


<PAGE>


14.  Section 5.2(c) of the Original Agreement is hereby amended by deleting
clause (v) in its entirety and renumbering clause (vi) as clause (v).

15.  Section 5.3(b) of the Original Agreement is hereby amended by deleting
clause (v) in its entirety and renumbering clause (vi) as clause (v).

16.  Section  7.4(i) of the Original  Agreement is hereby amended to delete
the address  block for Rogers & Wells  under the heading  "with a copy
to" and to replace it with the following:

King & Spalding
1185 Avenue of the Americas
New York, New York 10036-4003
Attention: Richard A. Cirillo

17.  The  parties  agree to enter into an Amended and  Restated  Employment
Agreement  on the  terms  and  conditions  set  forth in the  Original
Agreement as modified by this Amendment.  Upon execution and delivery,
the  Amended  and  Restated  Employment  Agreement  will  replace  and
supercede the Original Agreement and this Amendment.

18.  Except as modified hereby,  the Agreement shall remain  unmodified and
in full force and effect.

19.  This  Amendment  shall  be  construed  in  accordance  with,  and  its
interpretation  shall  otherwise be governed by, the laws of the State
of New York, without giving effect to otherwise applicable  principles
of conflicts of law.

IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  parties  hereto  have  executed  this  Agreement
effective as of the date set forth above.


MIM CORPORATION

By:/s/ Barry A. Posner
Its: Vice President and General Counsel

/s/ Richard H. Friedman
Executive


