









Exhibit 10.1

August 24, 2005

James W. Guthrie
10214 South Portal Ave
Cupertino, California 95014

Dear Jim,

I am pleased to confirm the offer extended to you to join Tumbleweed
Communications Corp. as its Executive Vice President, Products.

1. Duties. You will be responsible for managing all Tumbleweed product
development and customer support teams to include any and all added via
acquisition. This includes the following job functions: product management,
architecture (to include the Chief Technology Officer), engineering, quality
assurance, product documentation, hardware operations, and customer support. In
addition, you will be a full member of the Executive Committee. You will report
directly to the Chief Executive Officer.

2. Compensation.

Salary and Bonus. Your starting salary will be $10,416.67 per semi-monthly pay
period, which is equivalent to $250,000.00 on an annualized basis. In addition,
and you will be eligible for a quarterly performance bonus with an annual target
amount equivalent to fifty percent of your annual salary. The bonus amount to be
paid each quarter will be determined after a performance review that will occur
after each quarter and will be based upon the achievement of mutually agreed
upon objectives that we will establish within 30 days of your start date. All
salary and bonus payments are subject to normal withholdings.

Stock Options. As part of your compensation package, subject to the approval of
the Board of Directors, you will be granted stock options to purchase 400,000
shares of Tumbleweed common stock. The stock options are subject to a vesting
schedule, whereby 25% of the options vest upon completion of one year of
employment at Tumbleweed, and the remaining options vest monthly thereafter over
a three-year period, for a total vesting period of four years.

Sign On Bonus. You will receive a sign-on bonus of $25,000 less statutory
withholdings provided you start on or before September 15, 2005. You agree that
this amount will be repaid to Tumbleweed in full, if you resign or are
terminated for Cause within the first 12 months of your employment with
Tumbleweed. The sign-on bonus will be paid on the September 30, 2005 payroll.

3. Benefits Package. Beginning on the first of the month following full time
employment start date, you and your eligible dependents will be able to
participate in a comprehensive benefits program including medical, dental and
vision insurance.

Additionally, beginning on the first of the month following full time employment
start date, you will also be able to participate in other benefits programs,
including: Life and AD&D insurance, Short and Long-Term Disability insurance,
and an Employee Assistance Program.

You will also be eligible to participate in a 401(k) Plan and Pre-Tax Flexible
Benefits Plan. Furthermore, you will be entitled to twenty (20) days of paid
time off during your first year, accruing at the rate of 13.33 hours per month
from your date of hire, as well other paid holidays. Dates of eligibility for
these programs are set forth in the documents governing such plans.

4. Change of Ownership Control. If a Change of Ownership Control occurs during
your employment at Tumbleweed, followed within six months by either (i) the
termination of your employment by the successor to Tumbleweed for any reason
other than Cause or (ii) Constructive Termination, then immediately prior to
such termination or Constructive Termination, subject to your delivery of a
signed release of claims in a form reasonably satisfactory to the successor to
Tumbleweed, you will be entitled to the Severance Arrangement stated in Section
5 ("Termination without Cause"), below.

5. Termination without Cause. If (a) Tumbleweed, or the successor to its assets
or business in the event of a Change of Ownership Control, terminates your
employment for any reason other than Cause, your death, or Disability, or (b)
you terminate your employment following a Constructive Termination, then,
subject to your delivery of a signed release of claims in a form reasonably
satisfactory to Tumbleweed, you will be entitled to the following severance
arrangement (the "Severance Arrangement"): (i) continuation for a period of
twelve months of your base salary, paid in accordance with Tumbleweed's payroll
practices, (ii) continuation for a period of twelve months of the vesting of
your then-outstanding Tumbleweed stock options (except that, in the event that a
Change of Ownership Control has occurred, the full acceleration of one year's
worth of vesting shall occur instead), and (iii) continuation of your health
benefits for twelve months.

6. Termination for Cause. In the event of termination for Cause, you will not be
entitled to any such payments, salary, bonus, or benefits.

7. Termination as a result of death or disability. In the event of termination
as a result of your death or Disability, subject to the delivery by you or your
estate of a signed release of claims in a form reasonably satisfactory to
Tumbleweed, you will be entitled to continuation for a period of six months of
salary and six months of acceleration of the vesting of your then-outstanding
Tumbleweed stock options.

8. Certain Definitions. For purposes of this agreement,

o    "Cause" means only: the commission of a felony by you intended to result in
your substantial personal enrichment at Tumbleweed's expense, conviction of a
crime involving moral turpitude, or willful failure to perform your duties to
Tumbleweed, which failure is deliberate, results in injury to Tumbleweed, and
continues for more than 15 days after written notice is given to you. For
purposes of this definition, no act or omission is considered to have been
"willful" unless it was not in good faith and you had knowledge at the time that
the act or omission was not in the best interests of Tumbleweed.

o    "Change of Ownership Control" means any sale of all or substantially all of
Tumbleweed's assets, or any merger, consolidation, or stock sales that results
in the holders of Tumbleweed's capital stock immediately prior to such
transaction owning less than 50% of the voting power of Tumbleweed's capital
stock immediately after such transaction.

o    "Constructive Termination" means a material diminution of duties, title, or
reporting relationship (as defined in Section 1 of the agreement), a change
greater than 25 miles in the location of your designated work place for
Tumbleweed, a reduction in base salary, or the failure of any successor to the
assets or business through any Change of Ownership Control to fully assume all
obligations of Tumbleweed under this agreement.

o    "Disability" means an illness, injury or other incapacitating condition as
a result of which you are unable to perform your duties at Tumbleweed for any
six (6) consecutive months. In any such event, Tumbleweed, in its sole
discretion, may terminate your employment by giving you notice of termination
for Disability. You agree to submit to such medical examinations as may be
necessary to determine whether a Disability exists, pursuant to such reasonable
requests made by Tumbleweed from time to time, and any determination as to the
existence of a Disability shall be made by a physician selected by Tumbleweed.

9. Proprietary Information. As a condition of employment, you will be required
to sign a Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement. You should also note
that, in accordance with federal law, you will be required to demonstrate
employment eligibility, which includes verification of your identity and of your
authorization to work in the United States.

Tumbleweed requests that you provide documentation on your first day at work and
in any event it must be provided to Tumbleweed no later than three (3) business
days of your date of hire.

10. At-Will Employment. If you choose to accept this offer, please understand
your employment is voluntarily entered into and is for no specific period. As a
result, you are free to resign at any time, for any reason, or for no reason.
Similarly, Tumbleweed is free to conclude its at-will employment relationship
with you at any time, with or without cause.

Jim, we hope you agree that you have a great contribution to make to Tumbleweed,
and that you will find working here a rewarding experience. We look forward to a
favorable reply and the opportunity of working with you to create a successful
company.

To indicate your acceptance of this offer of employment, please sign and date
this confirmation form and return it to Tumbleweed. This letter, along with the
Tumbleweed Communications Employee Manual and other policy documents applicable
to Tumbleweed employees and the Plan Documents governing the health and welfare
benefit plans, all which you will receive shortly, sets forth the terms of your
employment with Tumbleweed and supersedes any prior representations or
agreements, whether written or oral. The terms and conditions in the Employee
Manual and the Plan Documents are subject to change at any time by Tumbleweed,
subject to requirements of federal, state or local law. This letter may only be
modified by a written agreement signed by you and an officer of Tumbleweed.

This offer will terminate at 5:00 pm on Thursday, August 25, 2005. Please note
that if you accept this offer, Tumbleweed plans to disclose your appointment via
a press release on or about your start date.



Craig D. Brennan, CEO
Tumbleweed Communications Corp.



Please indicate acceptance of this offer by returning this form with your
signature.

I agree to and accept the enclosed offer of employment with Tumbleweed
Communications Corp. I agree that my start date will be no later than September
15, 2005.



James W. Guthrie       Date

