










THIS  AGREEMENT is entered into as of November 19, 1999, by and between
DAVID c. NELSON (the  "Employee") and URS  CORPORATION,  a Delaware  corporation
(the "Company").

1.  Employment.  The Company agrees to employ the Employee and Employee
agrees to be employed by the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions
set forth in the November 19, 1999  confirmation of offer letter (the "Letter"),
as such terms and  conditions  may now exist or may hereafter be altered  and/or
changed.  All terms and  conditions of the  Employee's  employment  that are not
governed by this  Agreement or by the Letter shall be governed by the  Company's
policies  and  procedures  which are set  forth in the  Company's  Policies  and
Procedures Manual.

2.  Termination of Employment.

(a) Basic Rule.  The  Company  agrees to  continue  the  Employee's
employment,  and the  Employee  agrees  to  remain  in the  employment  with the
Company,  from the date  hereof  until the date when the  Employee's  employment
terminates pursuant to Subsection (b), (c), or (d) below.

(b)  Early  Termination.  Subject  to  Sections  3  and  4 of  this
Agreement,  the Company may  terminate the  Employee's  employment by giving the
Employee 30 days'  advance  notice in writing.  The Employee may  terminate  his
employment  by giving  the  Company  30 days'  advance  notice in  writing.  The
Employee's  employment shall terminate  automatically in the event of his death.
Any waiver  notice  shall be valid only if it is made in writing  and  expressly
refers to the applicable notice requirement of this Section 2(b).

(c) Cause.  Subject to Section 3, the  Company  may  terminate  the
Employee's  employment  for Cause by giving the Employee 30 days' advance notice
in writing.  For all purposes  under this  Agreement,  "Cause"  shall mean (i) a
willful failure by the Employee to substantially perform his duties as Treasurer
(or any other applicable  position(s)),  other than a failure resulting from the
Employee's  complete or partial  incapacity due to physical or mental illness or
impairment,  (ii)  a  willful  act  by  the  Employee  which  constitutes  gross
misconduct or fraud and which is materially  injurious to the Company,  or (iii)
conviction  of, or a plea of "guilty" or "no contest"  to, a felony.  No act, or
failure to act, by the Employee shall be considered  "willful"  unless committed
without good faith and without a reasonable  belief that the act or omission was
in the Company's best interest.

(d) Disability. Subject to Section 3, the Company may terminate the
Employee's  active  employment due to Disability by giving the Employee 30 days'


25

<PAGE>

advance notice in writing.  For all purposes under this Agreement,  "Disability"
shall mean that the Employee, at the time notice is given, has performed none of
his duties as Treasurer (or any other  applicable  position(s))  for a period of
not less  than 180  consecutive  days as the  result  of his  incapacity  due to
physical  or  mental  illness.  In the  event  that  the  Employee  resumes  the
performance  of  substantially  all of his  duties  as  Treasurer  (or any other
applicable  position(s))  before the termination of his active  employment under
this  Subsection  (d)  becomes  effective,   the  notice  of  termination  shall
automatically be deemed to have been revoked.

(e)  Rights  Upon  Termination.  Except as  expressly  provided  in
Sections 3 and 4, upon the termination of the Employee's  employment pursuant to
this  Section  2, the  Employee  shall  only be  entitled  to the  compensation,
reimbursements,  and/or  benefits to which the Employee is or may be entitled to
receive for the period  preceding the  effective  date of the  termination.  The
payments under this Agreement shall fully discharge all  responsibilities of the
Company to the Employee.

(f)  Termination of Agreement.  This Agreement shall terminate when
all obligations of the parties hereunder have been satisfied.

3. Change in Control.

(a) Definition.  For all purposes under this Agreement,  "Change in
Control"  shall have the meaning  assigned  to that term in the URS  Corporation
1999 Equity Incentive Plan, as such plan may be amended from time to time.

(b) Severance Payment. If, during the term of this Agreement and at
any time after the occurrence of a Change in Control, the Company terminates the
Employee's  employment for any reason other than Cause,  then the Employee shall
be entitled  to receive a severance  payment  from the Company  (the  "Severance
Payment").  The Severance Payment shall be made in a lump sum not more than five
business days following the date of the employment  termination  and shall be in
an amount  determined under Subsection (d) below. The Severance Payment shall be
in lieu of any  further  payments  of  compensation  to and/or  any  accrual  of
benefits on behalf of the  Employee  with respect to periods  subsequent  to the
date of the employment termination.

(c) Amount.  The amount of the Severance  Payment shall be equal to
12 months of base  compensation  (as is in effect at the time of the termination
of employment), reduced by applicable income and payroll taxes. Further, any and
all  unvested  stock  options  held by the Employee on the date of the Change in
Control shall become immediately exercisable.

(d) No  Mitigation.  The Employee shall not be required to mitigate
the amount of any payment contemplated by this Section 3 (whether by seeking new
employment or in any other manner), nor shall any such payment be reduced by any
earnings that the Employee may receive from any other source.


26

<PAGE>

4.  Involuntary Termination Without Cause.

(a)  Payment.  In the  event  that,  within  the  first  24  months
following the Employee's  first day of employment with the Company,  the Company
terminates the Employee's employment for the convenience of the Company, and not
for Cause or Disability,  and Section 3 does not apply,  then the Employee shall
be  entitled  to  receive  a lump  sum  payment  equal  to six  months  of  base
compensation,  reduced by applicable income and payroll taxes.  Payment shall be
made not more than  five  business  days  following  the date of the  employment
termination and shall be in an amount determined under Subsection (b) below.

(b) No  Mitigation.  The Employee shall not be required to mitigate
the amount of any payment contemplated by this Section 4 (whether by seeking new
employment or in any other manner), nor shall any such payment be reduced by any
earnings that the Employee may receive from any other source.

5.  Limitation on Payments.

(a)  Basic   Rule.   Any   other   provision   of  this   Agreement
notwithstanding,  the  Company  shall not be required to make any payment to, or
for the benefit of, the Employee  (under this Agreement or otherwise) that would
be  nondeductible  by the  Company  by reason of  Section  280G of the  Internal
Revenue  Code of 1986,  as  amended  (the  "Code"),  or that would  subject  the
Employee  to  the  excise  tax  described  in  Section  4999  of the  Code.  All
calculations  required by this Section 5 shall be  performed by the  independent
auditors  retained by the Company most  recently  prior to the Change in Control
(the "Auditors"), based on information supplied by the Company and the Employee,
and shall be binding on the Company and the  Employee.  All fees and expenses of
the Auditors shall be paid by the Company.

(b)  Reductions.  If the amount of the  aggregate  payments  to the
Employee must be reduced under this Section 5, then the Employee shall direct in
which order the payments  are to be reduced,  but no change in the timing of any
payment shall be made without the Company's consent.  As a result of uncertainty
in the  application  of  Sections  280G  and  4999 of the Code at the time of an
initial  determination by the Auditors hereunder,  it is possible that a payment
will  have  been  made by the  Company  that  should  not  have  been  made  (an
"Overpayment") or that an additional payment that will not have been made by the
Company  could  have  been  made  (an  "Underpayment").  In the  event  that the
Auditors, based on the assertion of a deficiency by the Internal Revenue Service
against  the  Company  or the  Employee  that the  Auditors  believe  has a high
probability  of  success,  determine  that an  Overpayment  has been made,  such
Overpayment  shall be treated for all purposes as a loan to the Employee that he
shall repay to the Company,  together  with interest at the  applicable  federal
rate specified in Section  7872(f)(2) of the Code;  provided,  however,  that no
amount shall be payable by the Employee to the Company if and to the extent that
such payment  would not reduce the amount that is  nondeductible  under  Section
280G of the Code or is subject to an excise


27

<PAGE>

tax under  Section 4999 of the Code.  In the event that the  Auditors  determine
that an Underpayment has occurred,  such Underpayment  shall promptly be paid or
transferred  by the Company to, or for the  benefit of, the  Employee,  together
with interest at the applicable  federal rate specified in Section 7872(f)(2) of
the Code.

6.  Successors.

(a) Company's  Successors.  The Company shall require any successor
(whether   direct  or  indirect   and  whether  by  purchase,   lease,   merger,
consolidation,  liquidation  or  otherwise) to all or  substantially  all of the
Company's  business  and/or  assets,  by an  agreement  in  substance  and  form
satisfactory to the Employee, to assume this Agreement and to agree expressly to
perform this  Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company
would be required to perform it in the absence of a  succession.  The  Company's
failure to obtain such  agreement  prior to the  effectiveness  of a  succession
shall be a breach of this Agreement and shall entitle the Employee to all of the
compensation and benefits to which he would have been entitled  hereunder if the
Company had  involuntarily  terminated his employment  without Cause immediately
after such succession become  effective.  For all purposes under this Agreement,
the term "Company" shall include any successor to the Company's  business and/or
assets which  executes and delivers the assumption  agreement  described in this
Subsection 6(a) or which becomes bound by this Agreement by operation of law.

(b)  Employee's  Successors.  This  Agreement and all rights of the
Employee  hereunder  shall inure to the benefit of, and be  enforceable  by, the
Employee's  personal  or  legal  representatives,   executors,   administrators,
successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees.

7.  Miscellaneous Provisions.

(a) Notice.  Notices and all other  communications  contemplated by
this  Agreement  shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given
when personally delivered or when mailed by U.S. registered mail, return receipt
requested and postage prepaid. In the case of the Employee, mailed notices shall
be addressed to him at the home address which he most recently  communicated  to
the Company in writing.  In the case of the  Company,  mailed  notices  shall be
addressed to its  corporate  headquarters,  and all notices shall be directed to
the attention of its Secretary.

(b) Waiver.  No  provision  of this  Agreement  shall be  modified,
waived or discharged unless the  modification,  waiver or discharge is agreed to
in  writing  and  signed by the  Employee  and by an  authorized  officer of the
Company (other than the  Employee).  No waiver by either party of any breach of,
or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other
party shall be  considered  a waiver of any other  condition or provision of the
same condition or provision at another time.


28

<PAGE>

(c) No Setoff; Withholding Taxes. There shall be no right of setoff
or counterclaim, with respect to any claim, debt or obligation, against payments
to the Employee  under this  Agreement.  All payments made under this  Agreement
shall be subject to a reduction to reflect taxes required to be withheld by law.

(d) Choice of Law. The validity,  interpretation,  construction and
performance  of this  Agreement  shall be  governed  by the laws of the State of
California.

(e)  Severability.   The  invalidity  or  unenforceability  of  any
provision  or  provisions  of this  Agreement  shall not affect the  validity or
enforceability of any other provision  hereof,  which shall remain in full force
and effect.

(f)  Arbitration.  Except as  otherwise  provided in Section 5, any
controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or the breach
thereof,  shall be settled by  arbitration  in  accordance  with the  Commercial
Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration  Association,  and judgment on the
award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction
thereof.  All fees and expenses of the arbitrator and such Association  shall be
paid by the Company.

(g) No  Assignment.  The  rights of any person to  payments  and/or
benefits under this Agreement shall not be made subject to option or assignment,
either by voluntary or involuntary  assignment or by operation of law, including
(without  limitation)  bankruptcy,  garnishment,  attachment or other creditor's
process, and any action in violation of this Subsection g) shall be void.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in
the case of the Company by its duly authorized  officer,  as of the day and year
first above written.



/s/ David C. Nelson
David C. Nelson



URS CORPORATION

By:  /s/ Kent P. Ainsworth
Kent P. Ainsworth
Chief Financial Officer



