






Executive Employment Agreement



Exhibit 10.1
EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
This Executive Employment Agreement
(hereinafter referred to as the “Agreement”) has been entered into this 4th day of May, 2011, with effect from May 1, 2011, by and between Identive Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, having its principal executive offices at 1900-B
Carnegie Ave., Santa Ana, CA 92705, United States of America (hereinafter together with all the companies directly and indirectly controlled by it referred to as the “Company”) and Melvin Denton-Thompson, an individual being resident in
Paris, France (hereinafter referred to as the “Executive”).
The Executive has been appointed Chief Financial
Officer of the Company and is part of its top management team with expected contribution to the overall direction of the Company.


1.	POSITION AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Executive shall serve the Company in the capacity of Chief Financial Officer of the Company and shall fully and faithfully perform such duties and exercise such powers as are incidental to such position
in connection with the business of the Company. The Executive shall be an officer of the Company and part of its top management team with expected contribution to the overall direction of the Company. Executive shall fully and faithfully perform
such duties and fulfill such obligations, as are commensurate with his appointment as Executive. Executive shall devote his full attention by using his best efforts to apply his skills and experience to perform his duties hereunder and promote the
interests of the business and projects of the Company.
The Executive acknowledges that he may be required to work beyond the
normal work week for the proper performance of his duties, and that he shall not receive further remuneration in respect of such additional hours.
The Executive shall be normally based in the offices of the Company in Europe; however the Company will cover all of the Executive’s reasonable travel and communication costs to the Company’s
other offices.
The Executive agrees to travel on the Company’s business as may be required for the proper performance of
his duties under this Agreement.


2.	COMPENSATION

(a)
Fixed salary. During the term of this Agreement, the Executive shall be paid an amount of €225,000 per year, payable in twelve (12) equal monthly installments, as fixed salary, less the Executive’s share of social costs.

(b) Bonus. For services rendered during the term of this Agreement the Executive shall be paid an annual bonus
(hereinafter referred to as the “Bonus”) in accordance with guidelines for core management executives in the Identive 2010 Bonus and Incentive Plan or any successor plan as in effect from time to time (the “Bonus Plan”) that sets
forth eligibility criteria for an annual Bonus of up to a maximum of 200% of fixed salary. The actual amount of the Bonus as well as the timing, measurements, and criteria for earning and form and timing of









payment shall be determined by the Compensation Committee of Identive in accordance with the Bonus Plan. Any shares of the Company’s common stock issuable in connection with the Bonus will
be subject to a twenty-four (24) month lock-up unless otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee. The Executive acknowledges that the structure of the Bonus may be adjusted, as the Company or Identive deem appropriate in its or their
sole discretion, to comply with applicable stock exchange requirements and other considerations.


3.	BENEFITS, PERQUISITES AND BUSINESS EXPENSES

(a) The Executive shall be entitled to participate in any equity incentive plan of the Company on such terms as may be determined by the Chairman, the Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors of
the Company.
(b) The Executive shall be entitled to be reimbursed for all reasonable expenses incurred by the Executive in
connection with the conduct of the business of the Company pursuant to this Agreement. Such expenses shall be reimbursed within thirty (30) days following presentation of sufficient evidence of such expenditures.

(c) The Company shall provide the Executive with customary benefits which are subject to change from time to time at the discretion of
the Company.
(d) The Executive shall be entitled to five (5) weeks of paid vacation per annum in addition to all the
local holidays.


4.	TERM AND TERMINATION

(a)
Term. The initial term of this Agreement begins on May 1, 2011 and runs for a 36-month period (the “Initial Term”), which term may be extended for an additional 36-month period by the mutual consent of the parties hereto prior
to the expiration of the Initial Term.
(b) Termination by the Company or Executive Without Cause. The Company or the
Executive shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement at any time without cause by giving the other party twelve (12) months prior written notice of the termination but the Company shall be required to continue to pay the Executive’s
monthly fixed salary and the bonus payments pro rata until the end of the notice period.
(c) Termination by the Company
for Cause. The Company shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement for cause at any time without notice and without any payment in lieu of notice. In the event of termination for cause, the Company’s obligations hereunder shall
immediately cease and terminate and Executive shall be immediately relieved of all of his responsibilities and authorities as an officer, director and employee of the Company and as an officer, director and employee of each and every affiliate in
the Company and in such an event there will be no continued monthly salary, fee or any other payments by the Company to the Executive. For purposes of this paragraph 4(c), “cause” shall include, without limitation, the following
circumstances:
(i) The Executive has been convicted of a criminal offence involving moral turpitude or unjust enrichment at
the expense of the Company.


2








(ii) Executive, in carrying out his duties hereunder, (A) has been willfully and
grossly negligent, or (B) has committed willful and gross misconduct or, (C) has failed to comply with a lawful instruction or directive from the Chairman or CEO of the Company and which is not otherwise cured within thirty (30) days
of notice of such breach,
(iii) The Executive has breached a material term of this Agreement, which is not cured within
ninety (90) days.
Termination of this Agreement for cause shall be effective upon the date of the notice of termination
given to the Executive and the lapse of any applicable cure period without remedy of the matters set out in such notice.
(d)
Effect of Termination. The Executive agrees that, upon termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, Executive shall thereupon be deemed to have immediately resigned any position that Executive may have as an officer, director or
employee of the Company and each and every affiliate of the Company. In such event, Executive shall, at the request of the Company or any affiliate in the Company, forthwith execute any and all documents appropriate to evidence such resignation. The
Executive shall not be entitled to any payment in respect of such resignation in addition to those provided for herein, except as expressly provided for pursuant to any other agreement entered into with any affiliate in the Company.

(e) Survival of Terms. It is expressly agreed that notwithstanding termination of this Agreement for any reason or cause or in any
circumstances whatsoever, such termination shall be without prejudice to the rights and obligations of the Executive and the Company respectively in relation to the time up to and including the date of termination and the provisions of paragraphs
3(b), 7 and 8 of this Agreement, all of which shall remain and continue in full force and effect.


5.	CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION


(a) The Executive agrees not to disclose, either during the term of this Agreement or at any time for a period of three (3) years
thereafter, to any person not employed by the Company or by any affiliate of the Company or not engaged to render services to the Company or to any affiliate in the Company, any trade secrets or confidential information of or relating to the Company
or any affiliate of the Company obtained by the Executive during the term hereof; provided, however, that this provision shall not preclude the Executive from the use or disclosure of information known generally to the public (other than that which
the Executive may have disclosed in breach of this Agreement) or of information required to be disclosed by law or court order applicable to the Executive or information authorized to be disclosed by the Chairman or CEO of the Company.

(b) The Executive also agrees that upon termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, Executive will not take, without the
prior written consent of the Chairman or CEO of the Company, any financial information, report or other document belonging or relating to the Company or to any affiliate in the Company.


3









6.	NON-COMPETITION, NON-SOLICITATION

(a) The Executive agrees that during the period of this Agreement, the Executive shall not engage in or participate in any entity in any industry that competes, directly or indirectly, with the businesses
of the Company or any affiliate in the Company. The Executive agrees that during the period of this Agreement and for twelve (12) months thereafter, the Executive shall not solicit any business or any employee or any consultant from the Company
or any of its affiliates.
(b) During the Term of this Agreement, the Executive undertakes to seek the prior written approval
of the Chairman or CEO of the Company before accepting any new board or advisory positions.


7.	NOTICES

Any notices,
requests, demands or other communications provided for by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sufficiently given when and if mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or sent by personal delivery,
overnight courier or by facsimile to the party entitled thereto at the address stated at the beginning of this Agreement or at such other address as the parties may have specified by similar notice.

Any such notice shall be deemed delivered on the tenth business day following the mailing thereof if delivered by prepaid post or if
given by means of personal delivery on the day of delivery thereof or if given by means of courier or facsimile transmission on the first business day following the dispatch thereof.



8.	ASSIGNMENT

The
respective rights and obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall be assignable, in whole or in part, to any company under the direct or indirect control of Identive Group, Inc. (the “Permitted Assignment”). With the exception of
the Permitted Assignment, the respective rights and obligations of the Executive and the Company under this Agreement shall not be assignable by either party without the written consent of the other party and shall, subject to the foregoing, inure
to the benefit of and be binding upon the Executive and the Company and their permitted successors or assigns. Nothing herein expressed or implied is intended to confer on any person other than the parties hereto any rights, remedies, obligations or
liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement.


9.	APPLICABLE LAW

This
Agreement shall be deemed a contract under, and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Delaware. This Agreement has been drafted in English. In case of contradictions between the English version and a
version prepared in any other language, the English version shall prevail.


4









10.	ARBITRATION

In the event
of any dispute, claim, question, or disagreement arising from or relating to this Agreement or the breach thereof, the parties hereto shall use their best efforts to settle the dispute, claim, question, or disagreement. To this effect, they shall
consult and negotiate with each other in good faith and, recognizing their mutual interests, attempt to reach a just and equitable solution satisfactory to both parties. If they do not reach such solution within a period of 60 days, then, upon
notice by either party to the other, all disputes, claims, questions, or differences shall be finally settled by arbitration administered in accordance with the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules as then in force. The proceedings shall be held in the
English language and the seat of the arbitral tribunal shall be in the city of London, England, with one arbitrator and with each party bearing their own costs.


11.	AMENDMENT OR MODIFICATION; WAIVER

No provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived unless such amendment or waiver is authorized by the Company (including any authorized officer or committee of the Board of Directors) and signed by
the Executive. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, no waiver by either party hereto of any breach by the other party of any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a
waiver of a similar or dissimilar breach, condition or provision at the same time or at any prior or subsequent time.


12.	ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This
Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the matters herein and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, between the parties hereto, relating to such matters.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.]


5








IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement in two counterparts
on the date first above written.



IDENTIVE GROUP, INC.

By:	 	 /s/ Ayman S. Ashour

Ayman S. Ashour
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

EXECUTIVE

/s/ Melvin Denton-Thompson

Melvin Denton-Thompson




6


