









Exhibit 10.1



February 16, 1998

Mr. John A. Shaw
2410 White Horse Road
Berwyn,  PA   19312

Dear John:

It is with great  pleasure  that we welcome  you to Virginia  Power.  As we have
discussed,  your  employment  will begin March 16,  1998,  based on the Board of
Directors  electing you as an officer on February  20, 1998.  Your title will be
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Virginia Power.

The terms of your employment agreement are as follows:

Duties

Both  you and the  Company  agree  that you  will  serve in a senior  management
position.  You agree to (i) devote your  knowledge,  skill and best efforts on a
full-time  basis to performing  your duties and obligations to the Company (with
the  exceptions  of absences on the account of illness or vacation in accordance
with the Company's policies and civic and charitable commitments not involving a
conflict with the Company's  business),  and (ii) comply with the lawful and non
arbitrary  directions  and orders of the Board of Directors and Chief  executive
Officer of the Company with respect to the performance of your duties.


EXECUTIVE DIRECT COMPENSATION

Your total direct  compensation will consist of three  components:  base salary,
annual incentive, and long-term incentive.

Base Salary

Your initial base salary will be $240,000,  paid monthly on or about the 25th of
the month. Each fall,  officer's  salaries are normally reviewed by the Virginia
Power Board of Directors and any changes will take effect on the following March
1. You will  participate  in the base  salary  program  on the same terms as all
other elected officers.



<PAGE>

Mr. Shaw
Page 2


Annual Incentive

Your  annualized  incentive  target for 1998 is $114,100 and is based on meeting
corporate  and business  goals for the calendar  year 1998.  For 1998,  you will
receive a pro-rata  award of  one-twelfth  for every  full  month of  employment
during 1998, or a target of $85,575. Annual incentive awards are approved by the
Board and are paid during the first quarter of the following year (e.g.,  awards
for 1998  will be paid in the first  quarter  of 1999).  The Board  reviews  the
program each  February,  and approves the current year targets at that time. You
will participate in the annual incentive  program on the same terms as all other
elected officers.

Long - Term Incentive

Every year we begin a new three-year plan cycle. For each partial cycle in which
you  participate  you will receive a pro rata  distribution  from the plan.  For
example,  when you complete the 1998 - 2000 three-year  cycle,  you will receive
33/36 of the final award  distribution  (representing  your  participation  from
April 1, 1998 through  December 31, 2000).  Your 100% target for the 1998 - 2000
cycle is $157,000,  which will be prorated to $143,917.  Shares of stock will be
issued at the completion of the cycle based on the then-current  value per share
and in compliance  with the guidelines of the long-term  plan.  These plans will
continue  at the  discretion  of the  Virginia  Power Board of  Directors.  Your
participation  in the long-term  incentive plan will be on the same terms as all
other elected officers.


EXECUTIVE INDIRECT COMPENSATION

Qualified Pension Plan

As stated in your offer  letter,  you will be credited  with 20 years of service
upon attaining age 55 and 30 years of service at age 60.

Executive Supplement Retirement Plan (ESRP)

Officers  who  retire  with a  minimum  of five  years of  service  as a company
employee receive additional payments for 10 years. The annual benefit is payable
on a  monthly  basis  and is equal to 25% of final  annual  compensation.  Final
annual compensation is defined as the base salary at the time of retirement plus
a  percentage  (currently  95%) of the annual  incentive  target.  The plan also
provides for payments to begin if you die or become disabled before  retirement.
If you die after  retirement,  but before receiving ten years of benefits,  your
beneficiary will receive the remaining payments. At retirement, you may elect to
receive an actuarially  reduced payment for up to 16 years.  There is a


<PAGE>

Mr. Shaw
Page 3

separate calculation for participants having a minimum of five years service but
retiring before age 55.

Executive Retirement Benefit Restoration Plan

Since the company  sets base  salaries  below  market,  and since the  qualified
pension is based on actual base  salaries,  executive  pensions  are  calculated
using an "adjusted  base salary for pension  purposes."  The  increased  pension
benefit cannot,  by law, be paid out of the qualified  pension plan. The Benefit
Restoration  Plan makes up for the portion of the pension  which  cannot be paid
from the qualified plan.  Federal law also limits the qualified pension coverage
to the first $160,000 of base salary.  The restoration plan is also used to make
up for base salary which exceeds the $160,000 cap.

Rabbi Trust

From time to time, the company makes discretionary  payments into a Rabbi Trust.
This account is used to fund the payment of benefits payable under the Executive
Supplemental Retirement Plan and/or the Executive Retirement Benefit Restoration
Plan. The funds in the trust can only be used for the executive's  benefit,  and
cannot revert to the company  under any  circumstances.  Benefits  funded in the
Rabbi Trust are subject to claims of the company's creditors.  The amount of the
company's  contribution  to the trust fund is not taxable to the executive until
actual payments are made to the executive from the trust.


EXECUTIVE PERQUISITES

Executive Continuity Agreement

This  "Golden  Parachute"  provides  three  years of  protection  for salary and
incentives in case of a hostile takeover.

Company Car and Phone

A company car, with cellular phone,  is furnished.  The value of personal use is
reported as taxable income.

Executive Accidental Death and Dismemberment

All executives and spouses are provided  $200,000  coverage for business  travel
aboard  company  aircraft.  However,  as a senior  executive,  you are  provided
$200,000 coverage for all accidents.  Your spouse receives all accident coverage
at the lesser rate of $150,000.  These  benefit  amounts are payable for loss of
life,  hands,  feet or eyes.  Half the  benefit is payable for loss of one hand,
foot, or eye. Coverage ends at age 70.


<PAGE>

Mr. Shaw
Page 4

Executive Deferred Compensation

Executives may elect to defer part or all of base salary and/or annual incentive
awards. The election must take place before the period in which the compensation
is earned. Deferred compensation is subject to Social Security and Medicare tax,
but  federal  and state  income  taxes  are  deferred.  No funds or  assets  are
specifically set aside for the deferred amount. Deferred compensation is carried
as a  liability  on the  company  books and the  executive  has the status of an
unsecured creditor of the company. The deferred amount accumulates "earnings" as
if it were invested in the executive's  choice of an interest bearing account or
Dominion Resources, Inc. Common Stock.

Executive Physical Examinations

Employee Health Services schedules executives for annual physical examinations.

Executive Estate and Tax Planning

The company pays for an initial  educational  consultation with a local attorney
(Louis Mezzullo)  specializing in estate planning.  Subsequently,  the executive
may choose Mr. Mezzullo or any qualified  professional to aid in the development
of an initial  estate plan.  The company will  reimburse up to $1,000 toward the
initial  estate plan,  and $500 per year,  thereafter,  for an annual review and
update. These taxable reimbursements are paid through payroll.


STANDARD BENEFITS

Health:  Medical, Drugs, Dental & Vision

Employees may choose among three deductible/co-pay  options for medical coverage
(Blue Cross/Blue Shield Preferred  Provider Plan) or one of several HMOs. Dental
and vision  coverage is available.  All are subsidized and may include  eligible
dependents.

Group Life Insurance

Up to three times annual salary coverage is available on a subsidized  basis. An
additional  two times  annual  salary is available  on a  non-subsidized  basis.
$10,000 coverage is available for a spouse; $4,000 for children.

Accidental Death and Dismemberment

Up to three times base salary (as  selected  for group  life) is  available  for
employees at no extra charge.



<PAGE>

Mr. Shaw
Page 5


Long-Term Disability

Subsidized  coverage of 60% or 65% of salary is available  after  eligibility is
established. There is a maximum benefit of $10,000 per month.

Qualified Pension Plan

At age 65, the normal  benefit for 30 years of service is  approximately  60% of
your final five years average salary, subject to a Social Security offset. It is
non-contributory.  Your coverage under  Virginia  Power's  Retirement  Plan will
begin after six (6) months of employment.

401(k) Plan and Savings Plan

Both pre- and post-tax  options are  available.  The company  matches 50% on the
first 6% of salary contributed by the employee, limited to the first $160,000 of
salary.

We believe that this is an excellent  opportunity  for Virginia Power to benefit
from your skills and background, and we look forward to you joining our team.

To indicate your  acceptance of this offer,  please sign below and return a copy
to me.


Sincerely yours,



Norman Askew
President and Chief Executive Officer



Acknowledged: /s/ John A. Shaw                  Dated:  February 18, 1998


