






EX-10.2 SECOND AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT










Exhibit 10.2




SECOND AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

DATED JUNE 7, 2005 BETWEEN

AFC ENTERPRISES, INC. (THE “COMPANY”)

AND

FREDERICK B. BEILSTEIN (“EMPLOYEE”)




WHEREAS, Employee and the Company are parties to an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
dated as of December 29, 2003, (the “2003 Agreement”) and a First Amendment to Employment Agreement
dated March 28, 2005 (the “First Amendment,” together with the 2003 Amendment, collectively the
“Employment Agreement”) governing the terms and conditions of Employee’s employment with the
Company; and



WHEREAS, the Company and Employee desire to amend certain provisions of the Employment
Agreement;



NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants contained herein and for
other good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as

follows:



1. Section 1 of the Employment Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and the following
new Section 1 is inserted in lieu thereof:




1. Term of Agreement




This Agreement shall be effective as of the date hereof and, unless earlier
terminated pursuant to Section 8 or Section 9.01 hereof, shall be for a term
ending December 25, 2005 (the “Term”).



2. Section 8.03 of the Employment Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and the
following new Section 8.03 is inserted in lieu thereof:




8.03 Termination by the Company for other than Death or Disability or
for Cause. The Company may terminate Employee’s employment hereunder
without cause at any time, upon written notice. Upon expiration of the term
of this Agreement or if Employee’s employment is terminated by the Company
prior to the expiration of the term of this Agreement without cause or other
than (a) by reason of Employee’s death or Disability or
(b) for Cause, the Company shall pay or provide to Employee, in lieu of all
other amounts payable hereunder or benefits to be provided hereunder, the
following:




















(i) a payment equal to the sum of two (2) times Employee’s Base Salary at
the time of termination;




(ii) a payment equal to two (2) times Employee’s Target Incentive Pay for
the year in which such termination occurs (or, if no Target Incentive Pay
has been designated for such year, then the Target Incentive Pay for the
last year in which it was designated prior to such termination);




(iii) if the Employee’s employment is terminated pursuant to this Section
8.03 prior to December 25, 2005, a payment equal to Employee’s Base Salary
and Target Incentive Pay for the 2005 fiscal year less any amount of
Employee’s Base Salary and Target Incentive Pay for the 2005 fiscal year
that that has been previously paid to Employee (it being understood that the
amount described in this clause (iii) shall be in addition to and not in
lieu of, the payments described in clauses (i) and (ii) above and it also
being understood that the payment described in this clause (iii) shall be in
full satisfaction and in lieu of any entitlement by the Employee under the
Company’s Target Incentive Plan)




(iv) an amount equal to the payment described in Section 9.02(c) of this
Agreement; and




(v) the acceleration of any unvested rights of Employee under any stock
options or other equity incentive programs such that they shall immediately
vest under the terms of such plans.




As a condition precedent to the requirement of Company to make such payments
or grant such accelerated vesting, Employee shall not be in breach of his
obligations under Section 10 hereof and Employee shall execute and deliver
to Company a general release in favor of the Company in substantially the
same form as the general release then contained in the latest Severance
Agreement being used by the Company.




Any Payments required to be made under this Section 8.03 shall be made to
Employee as soon as practicable after the date of Employee’s termination of
employment.



3. Section 9.02 of the Employment Agreement is deleted in its entirety and the following new
Section 9.02 is inserted in lieu thereof.




9.02 Stay Bonus




















(a) As soon as practicable after the execution of this Agreement, the
Company shall pay to Employee in a lump sum payment a stay bonus equal to
the Stay Bonus Calculation Amount (as defined below).




(b) If Employee is employed by the Company on December 25, 2005, then the
Company shall pay to Employee in a lump sum payment on December 25, 2005 an
additional stay bonus equal to the Stay Bonus Calculation Amount (as defined
below) (it being understood that this bonus will be payable to Employee if
his employment is terminated by the Company on December 25, 2005).




(c) For purposes of this Agreement, the “Stay Bonus Calculation Amount”
shall be the sum of the amounts described in (i) and (ii) below:




(i) fifty percent (50%) of Employee’s Base Salary for the fiscal year 2005;
and




(ii) a payment equal to fifty percent (50%) of Employee’s Target Incentive
Pay for the fiscal year 2005.



4. The Employment Agreement, as amended hereby, is hereby reaffirmed and restated herein by
the undersigned, and said Employment Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by reference as fully
as if set forth in its entirety in this Second Amendment.




















IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amendment to be executed and Employee has
hereunto set his hand this 7th day of June, 2005, effective as
of June 7, 2005.




COMPANY:
AFC Enterprises, Inc.



By:	 	/s/ Frank J. Belatti





Name: Frank J. Belatti

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer


EMPLOYEE:




By:
/s/ Frederick B. Beilstein







Name: Frederick B. Beilstein


Title: Chief Financial Officer











