









<PAGE>   1
EXHIBIT 10.56




July 1, 1998




Ms. Lucy A. Flynn
371 Main Street
Winchester, MA 01890

Dear Lucy:

You and Wang Laboratories, Inc. ("Wang") are parties to a Letter Agreement
dated June 12, 1996, pursuant to which you are employed by Wang (the "Employment
Letter"). You and Wang have now agreed to amend the Employment Letter as
follows:

1.   Paragraph 2 of the Employment Letter is hereby deleted in its
entirety. The following paragraph is added in substitution thereof:

The terms and conditions of this letter will be in full force and effect
for a three (3) year period commencing on July 1, 1998 and terminating on
June 30, 2001, unless otherwise terminated as set forth in paragraph 4. As
of June 30, 2001, your employment status will be at will, meaning that your
employment at Wang will be for an indefinite period of time and will be
terminable at any time, with or without cause being shown, by either you or
the Company. Therefore, unless this Agreement is extended in writing, the
terms and conditions contained in paragraph 4 of this letter will conclude
at the end of the three (3) year period set forth herein and the original,
unmodified terms of paragraph 6 of the attached, modified standard Wang
Employment Agreement will be in full force and effect. Wang agrees to meet
with you to discuss the extension of this Agreement in writing and on
mutually acceptable terms not earlier than nine (9) to twelve (12) months
prior to the expiration of the three (3) year period described in this
letter.



<PAGE>   2
2.   Paragraph 3(a) of the Employment Letter is hereby deleted in its
entirety. The following paragraph is added in substitution thereof:

(a) Yearly Payments

Your yearly base salary and bonus will be as authorized from time to time
by Wang's Chief Executive Officer and Organization, Compensation and
Nominating Committee, and as reflected in the minutes of that Committee's
meetings maintained in the ordinary course of business. Your salary and
bonus plan percentages will be reviewed annually for possible upward
adjustment at the discretion of the Company.

3.   Paragraph 3(c)(v) of the Employment Letter is hereby deleted in its
entirety.

4.   Paragraph 4 of the Employment Letter is hereby deleted in its
entirety. The following paragraph is added in substitution thereof:

(a)   In the event that your employment with the Company is involuntarily
terminated (other than "for cause" (a term which includes but is not
limited to the standards set forth in Wang's Standards of Ethics and
Business Conduct booklet) or because of your death) or (b) if, during the
term of this Agreement, either or both of your annual base salary or target
bonus is decreased from the level it was at immediately prior to such
decrease (a "Decrease Event") and you resign, then (c) Wang will pay you
semi-monthly, a twelve (12) month salary continuance equal to your then
base pay plus the target bonus contained in your bonus plan, at 100%
performance, at the time of your termination (provided that if your
termination follows the occurrence of a Decrease Event, then the salary and
target bonus levels will be those in effect immediately prior to any such
decrease). Wang shall also pay to you, at such time as Wang pays executives
generally under the applicable annual management incentive plan, the pro
rata share of your target bonus (and in the case of a Decrease Event at the
target level immediately prior to such decrease), calculated at the 100%
achievement for individual objectives and at an achievement level equal to
Wang's actual performance (as used for calculating the payout to other
executives measured on the same basis) for financial



Page 2 of 5
<PAGE>   3
targets for the year in which your employment was terminated through the
date of your termination (less any amount thereof previously paid to you).

During this salary continuation period, Wang will continue to provide you
with health and dental benefits pursuant to the provisions of the
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act ("COBRA"). Wang shall pay
the applicable COBRA premium for you during this continuance period. Other
employee benefits will not be continued during this salary continuance
period.

In the event you become employed at any time during the twelve (12)-month
salary continuance period, all remaining salary continuance payments shall
terminate as of your date of hire by your new employer, except to the
extent that the total annual compensation for your new employment is less
than the total of your remaining salary continuance payments and, in such
event, the Company shall only pay that amount equal to the difference.

5.   The following paragraph 8 is added to the Employment Letter:

8. NON-COMPETITION

By signing this letter, you agree as follows:

(a) During the period of your employment with Wang, and for a period of
twelve (12) months following the termination of your employment, you agree
that you will not, without the prior written consent of Wang, which shall
not unreasonably be withheld, directly or indirectly, whether as a
principal, agent, employee, consultant, contractor, advisor,
representative, stockholder (other than as a holder of an interest of one
percent (1%) or less in the equity of any corporation whose stock is traded
on a public stock exchange), or in any other capacity:

(1) provide services, advice or assistance to any business, person or
entity which competes in the United States directly, as a primary focus
of its business, with Wang or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates in
the offer, sale or delivery of those desktop and network services



Page 3 of 5
<PAGE>   4
which constitute more than twenty percent (20%) of Wang's revenues in
the prior twelve month period or, with respect to new product or
service offerings, those which are material to Wang and for which you
had responsibility and material and direct involvement ("Competes")
(except that this restriction shall not apply if you provide services,
advice or assistance to or within a separate division or operating
unit, of any such business, person or entity, that does not itself
Compete with Wang or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates and you have
no substantive involvement with any part of such business, person or
entity that does Compete with Wang); or

(2) intentionally entice, induce or solicit, or attempt to entice,
induce or solicit, any individual or entity having a business
relationship with Wang, whether as an employee, consultant, customer or
otherwise, to terminate or cease such relationship.

(b) If your employment is involuntarily terminated other than for cause or
as a result of your death or if you resign as the result of one of the
reasons set forth in paragraph 4(b) herein, the restrictions set forth in
subparagraph 8(a) above shall apply only during your employment and for six
(6) months thereafter.

(c) The parties represent and agree that any breach of this paragraph 8 is
likely to cause irreparable injury to Wang, and that damages for any breach
of this paragraph are difficult to calculate. Therefore, upon breach of
this paragraph Wang shall, at its election, be entitled to injunctive and
other equitable relief. However nothing in this sub-paragraph shall limit
Wang's right to seek any relief or remedies, including damages, to which it
may be entitled.

(d) It is the intention of the parties that the restrictions contained in
this paragraph 8 be reasonable as to time,




Page 4 of 5
<PAGE>   5
geographic scope, and in all other respects. The parties also intend that
this paragraph be enforced to the fullest extent permissible. Therefore, in
the event that any provision of this paragraph shall be determined by the
court to be unreasonable, invalid or unenforceable such determination shall
not invalidate or render unenforceable the remainder of this paragraph, and
the restrictions of this paragraph shall be enforced insofar as possible.

(e) Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 2 of this agreement, this
paragraph 8 shall survive the termination of this agreement.

(f) In the event of any inconsistency or conflict between the language of
this paragraph and the provisions of the Wang General Employment Agreement
signed by you on or about March 29, 1996, and in the event that this
paragraph 8 imposes obligations on you in excess of those imposed by said
General Employment Agreement, the provisions of this paragraph shall
govern.

(g) This paragraph 8 shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, and you agree that any suit for violation of this paragraph
may be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction located within the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.





The Employment Letter is hereby ratified and confirmed, except as expressly
modified herein.



WANG LABORATORIES, INC.

Lucy A. Flynn                                       Joseph M. Tucci







Page 5 of 5

