









AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


This Amendment (the  "Amendment") is entered into as of the 22nd day of
March,  1999, by DEL WEBB CORPORATION,  a Delaware  corporation (the "Company"),
and LeRoy C. Hanneman, Jr..

WHEREAS,  the Company and the  Employee  have entered into that certain
Employment Agreement (the "Agreement"), dated April 11, 1997; and

WHEREAS,  the Company and the Employee desire to amend the Agreement in
certain respects;

NOW THEREFORE, the Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

1.       Section  9(e)(4) of the Agreement is hereby amended to read as
follows:

9(e)(4) Two additional  elements of Good Reason shall be added
as follows:

(A) Employee is assigned  to, or Company's  office at
which Employee is principally employed on the Relevant Date is
relocated  to, a location  which  would  require a  round-trip
commute to work from  Employee's  principal  residence  on the
Relevant Date of more than 100 miles per day.

(B)  Failure  of  Company  to  obtain  an   agreement
satisfactory  to Employee  from any successor to the business,
or  substantially  all the  assets,  of Company to assume this
Agreement or issue a substantially similar agreement.

2.  Section  9(g)(1)  of the  Agreement  is hereby  amended  to read as
follows:

9(g)(1) Within five days following Employee's  termination,  a
lump sum severance payment will be made to Employee.  The lump
sum severance  payment shall be in an amount equal to: (i) 2.5
times Employee's  yearly Base Salary as set forth in Section 3
or as it may be  increased  from  time to time;  plus (ii) 2.5
times  the  greatest  of  (a)  the  average  annual  incentive
compensation  paid  to  Employee  pursuant  to the MIP (or any
predecessor or successor plan) with respect to the five fiscal
years preceding the fiscal year in which the Change in Control
occurs,  or (b) an  amount  equal  to  100%  of the  incentive
compensation  paid  to  Employee  pursuant  to the MIP (or any
predecessor  or  successor  plan)  during the 12 month  period
prior to the  Termination  Date, or (c) an amount equal to the
Employee's  Base  Salary as set forth in  Section 3 or as such
Base Salary may be
<PAGE>
increased  from time to time,  multiplied  by such  Employee's
current target bonus  percentage under the MIP then in effect;
minus  (iii)  the  total  amounts  due to  Employee,  if  any,
pursuant to Sections 8(b)(1) and (2).

3.       Section  10 of the  Agreement  is  hereby  amended  to read as
follows:

10.      EXCISE AND INCOME TAX GROSS-UP

The  Internal  Revenue  Code  of  1986  (the  "Code")
imposes significant tax burdens on the Employee and Company if
the total amounts  received by the Employee due to a Change in
Control exceed prescribed limits.  These tax burdens include a
requirement  that the Employee pay a 20% excise tax on certain
amounts received in excess of the prescribed limits and a loss
of  deduction  for  Company.  If,  as a result  of these  Code
provisions,  the  Employee is required to pay such excise tax,
then upon written notice from the Employee to Company, Company
shall pay the Employee an amount equal to the total excise tax
imposed   on  the   Employee   (including   the   excise   tax
reimbursements  due  pursuant to this  sentence and the excise
taxes on any federal and state tax reimbursements due pursuant
to the next  sentence).  If  Company is  obligated  to pay the
Employee  pursuant to the  preceding  sentence,  Company  also
shall pay the Employee an amount equal to the "total  presumed
federal and state taxes" that could be imposed on the Employee
with  respect  to the  excise  tax  reimbursements  due to the
Employee  pursuant to the  preceding  sentence and the federal
and state tax  reimbursements  due to the Employee pursuant to
this  sentence.  For purposes of the preceding  sentence,  the
"total presumed federal and state taxes" that could be imposed
on the  Employee  shall  be  conclusively  calculated  using a
combined  tax  rate  equal  to  the  sum of  (a)  the  highest
individual income tax rate in effect under (I) Federal tax law
and  (ii) the tax laws of the  state  in  which  the  Employee
resides on the date that the payment  under this Section 10 is
computed and (b) the hospital  insurance  portion of FICA.  No
adjustments  will  be  made  in  this  combined  rate  for the
deduction  of state taxes on the federal  return,  the loss of
itemized  deductions or exemptions,  or for any other purpose.
The Employee shall be responsible for paying the actual taxes.
The amounts  payable to the  Employee  pursuant to this or any
other  agreement  or  arrangement  with  Company  shall not be
limited in any way by the amount that may be paid  pursuant to
the Code without the  imposition  of an excise tax or the loss
of Company  deductions.  Either the  Employee  or Company  may
elect to challenge  any excise  taxes  imposed by the Internal
Revenue   Service  and  the  Employee  and  Company  agree  to
cooperate with each other in prosecuting such  challenges.  If
the Employee elects to litigate or
<PAGE>
otherwise   challenge  the  imposition  of  such  excise  tax,
however,  Company will join the Employee in such litigation or
challenge only if Company's General Counsel determines in good
faith that the Employee's  position has substantial  merit and
that the issues  should be litigated  from the  standpoint  of
Company's best interest.

4.       Section  12(e) of the  Agreement is hereby  amended to read as
follows:

12(e)  EXPENSES
The  costs  and  expenses  of any  mediator  shall be borne by
Company. Should the Employee or Company, at any time, initiate
arbitration  for  breach  of  this  Agreement,  Company  shall
reimburse  the Employee for all amounts  spent by the Employee
to pursue such  arbitration,  unless the arbitrator  finds the
Employee's action to have been frivolous and without merit.

5.       Section  18 of the  Agreement  is  hereby  amended  to read as
follows:

GOVERNING  LAW.  This  Agreement  shall  be  governed  by  and
interpreted  in  accordance  with  the  laws of the  State  of
Delaware.

6.       Except as amended  herein,  the  provisions of the  Agreement,
shall continue in full force and effect.

DEL WEBB CORPORATION


By:/s/ Robertson C. Jones
Its: Senior Vice President

COMPANY

/s/ LeRoy C. Hanneman, Jr.
LeRoy C. Hanneman, Jr.

Employee

