






lmi8k042408ex101.htm


Exhibit 10.1


AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT







THIS
AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this “Amendment”) is made and entered into
effective as of April 24, 2008, by and between LMI AEROSPACE, INC., a
Missouri corporation (the “Corporation”), and Ronald S. Saks
(“Employee”).




WHEREAS, the Corporation and
Employee entered into that certain Employment Agreement (the “Agreement”)
effective as of January 1, 2008; and




WHEREAS, the Corporation and
Employee desire to amend the Agreement as provided in this
Amendment;




NOW, THEREFORE, the
Corporation and Employee hereby agree as follows:




1.           Section
3(B) of the Agreement shall be deleted and replaced with the
following:




“(B)           With
respect to each fiscal year of the Corporation during the term of this
Agreement, (i) provided that Employee is employed under the terms of this
Agreement as of the last day of such fiscal year, and (ii) the Corporation’s
“Annual Income from Operations” (as that term is hereinafter defined) exceeds
the “Threshold” (as that term is hereinafter defined), the Corporation shall pay
to Employee, in addition to the Base Salary, an annual “Performance Bonus” as
determined according to this Section 3(B). As used in this Agreement, the
“Threshold” means, with respect to each fiscal year of the Corporation, Sixty
Percent (60%) of the Corporation’s annual budget for Annual Income from
Operations for such fiscal year; provided, however, that, with respect to fiscal
year 2008 of the Corporation, the Threshold shall be  Nineteen Million
Dollars ($19,000,000).




The
amount of the annual Performance Bonus (if any) with respect to each fiscal
year  shall be equal to:










(1)


Five
Percent (5.0%) of the Employee’s Base Salary;
plus















(2)


Sixty-Five
Hundredths of One Percent (0.650%) of the Corporation’s Annual Income from
Operations which exceeds the Threshold and is less than or equal to the
Corporation’s annual budget for Annual Income from Operations;
plus















(3)


One
Percent (1.0%) of the Corporation’s Annual Income from Operations in
excess of the Corporation’s annual budget for Annual Income from
Operations for the year in
question.









In the
event the Corporation’s Annual Income from Operations for a fiscal year of the
Corporation is less than the Threshold applicable to the year, the Employee
shall not be entitled to a Performance Bonus with respect to such fiscal
year.




For
purposes of the calculation of the Performance Bonus, the Corporation’s “Annual
Income from Operations” means the consolidated Income from Operations of the
Corporation and its subsidiaries, for a given fiscal year, as determined by the
firm of independent certified public accountants providing auditing services to
the Corporation, using generally accepted accounting principles consistently
applied, and calculated without regard to (a) any bonus paid to the
Corporation’s Chairman of the Board and any formula bonuses paid pursuant to
employment contracts, (b) federal and state income tax, (c) any interest expense
or other income and expense as they appear on the Corporation’s annual audited
financial statements, and (d) any income or loss attributable to any corporation
or entity (including the assets of a corporation or entity that constitute an
operating business) acquired by or merged into the Corporation subsequent to the
effective date of this Agreement. The Corporation shall pay to Employee any
Performance Bonus due the Employee hereunder not later than fifteen (15) days
after the receipt by the Corporation of its annual audited financial statements,
which the Corporation expects to receive within ninety (90) days after the end
of each fiscal year of the Corporation.”




2.           All
references in the Agreement to this “Agreement” and any other references of
similar import shall henceforth mean the Agreement as amended by this
Amendment.




3.           In
the event of a conflict between the provisions of this Amendment and the
provisions of the Agreement, the provisions of this Amendment shall
control.  All defined terms appearing in the Agreement shall continue
to have the same meaning as provided in the Agreement, unless modified by this
Amendment.  The defined terms appearing in this Amendment are specific
to this Amendment.




4.           Except
to the extent specifically amended by this Amendment, all of the terms,
provisions, conditions, covenants, representations and warranties contained in
the Agreement shall be and remain in full force and effect and the same are
hereby ratified and confirmed.




5.           This
Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Corporation and
Employee and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, legal
administrators, successors and permitted assigns.




6.           This
Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive
laws of the State of Missouri (without reference to conflict of law
principles).




The
parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first
above-written.







LMI
AEROSPACE, INC.

(“Corporation”)










By:


/s/ Lawrence E. Dickinson


Title:


Chief Financial Officer









/s/ Ronald S. Saks



Ronald
S. Saks

(“Employee”)










