






exv10w72









Exhibit 10.72




SUMMARY OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS – DONALD E. CLOSSER




Mr. Closser’s employment agreement with the Company was signed on September 7, 2005 with an
effective date of August 11, 2005, relating to Mr. Closser’s at-will employment in the position of
Vice President R&D Houston. Its form is substantially similar to Exhibit 10.55 to the 10-K filed
March 30, 2004. Under the employment agreement, Mr. Closser is entitled to receive (a) a base
salary of $150,000 per year (subject to increase upon annual review), plus (b) contingent incentive
bonus compensation at target of $45,000, based on achievement of certain management objectives in
accordance with a plan approved annually by the Compensation Committee and the independent
directors of the Board. Mr.Closser is also entitled to participate in the Company’s 401k plan,
employee stock purchase plan, and other benefit plans. If the Company terminates Mr. Closser’s
employment other than for cause or disability, or if Mr. Closser resigns for good reason (as
defined in the agreement) or if he dies, then he is (or his heirs and assigns are) entitled to
receive (i) a severance period of six months, during which he shall continue to receive his base
salary along with medical and insurance benefits, as well as (ii) a pro-rated portion of any bonus
earned prior to termination under such an approved bonus plan.



Mr. Closser’s change of control agreement with the Company was signed on the same date, and
has the same effective date, as the employment agreement described above. The form of his change
of control agreement is substantially similar to Exhibit 10.56 to the 10-K filed March 30, 2004.
In the event of a change of control, as defined in the agreement, Mr. Closser’s stock options will
become fully vested. If, in connection with a change of control, Mr. Closser’s employment is
terminated other than for cause or he resigns for good reason (each as defined in the employment
agreement), then the officer is entitled to (a) all severance benefits provided in the employment
agreement described above; (b) a special severance payment in an amount equal to, and in addition
to, the officer’s base salary during the severance period defined in the employment agreement; (c)
continuation of insurance-related benefits for an additional period of time equal to that stated in
his employment agreement; and (d) to exercise any vested, unexercised options for one year after
the date of termination of employment.



Mr. Closser’s indemnification agreement with the Company was signed on the same date, and has
the same effective date, as the employment agreement described above. Its form is essentially
identical to Exhibit 10.1 to the 10-Q filed November 14, 2001. Subject to certain conditions and
limitations, if Mr. Closser was, is, becomes at any time, or is threatened to be made a party to
(or a witness in or otherwise a participant in) an action, suit, proceeding, appeal, inquiry or
investigation relating to the fact that he was a director, officer or employee of the Company (and
in certain other capacities), the Indemnification Agreement provides that the Company shall
indemnify Mr. Closser for expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement.
The agreement also provides that the Company shall advance expenses to Mr. Closser in connection
with its indemnification obligations.




Page 5





