









<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 10.56

FIRST AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
AND
AMENDMENT TO STOCK OPTION AGREEMENTS


This Second Amendment to Employment Agreement dated effective as of October
20, 2000 (hereinafter referred to as "Amendment"), is by and between FirstWorld
Communications, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company") and David J.
Gandini ("Executive") (collectively, the "Parties").

RECITALS

A.   The Parties have previously entered into an Employment Agreement dated
as of November 30, 1998 (hereinafter referred to as "Employment
Agreement").

B.   On or about July 3, 2000, the Company accepted the resignation of the
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Executive
was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of
the Company.

C.   The Parties have previously entered into the Employee Stock Option
Agreements dated April 15, 1999 and December 31, 1999, (hereinafter
collectively referred to as "Prior Option Agreements").

D.   Pursuant to the terms of following amendments, the Parties mutually
desire to: 1) extend the period of employment of Executive through and
including January 1, 2002 under the same terms and conditions as
contained in the Employment Agreement; 2) amend Executive's position
and duties; 3) amend the terms of the Equalization Payment; 4) grant
additional options, and under certain circumstances provide for a
longer period in which to exercise options; and 5) increase in the
Executive's bonus opportunity.


AGREEMENT

IN CONSIDERATION of the foregoing, the mutual covenants contained herein
and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is hereby
acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree to amend the Employment Agreement as
follows:

1.   Section 2 Term of the Employment Agreement is deleted in its entirety
and amended to read as follows:

Term.  The period of employment of Executive by Company hereunder (the
"Employment Period") shall commence on November 30, 1998 (the
"Commencement Date") and shall continue through January 1, 2002.  The
Employment Period may be sooner terminated by either party in
accordance with Section 5 of this Agreement.

1
<PAGE>

2.   The first sentence of Section 3 Position and Duties of the Employment
Agreement is amended to read as follows (the remainder of the Section reads as
stated in the Employment Agreement):

Position and Duties.  During the Employment period, Executive shall
serve as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the
Company, or such other position as requested by the Board of
Directors.

3.   Section 4(a) Equalization Payment of the Employment Agreement, shall
include an additional sentence at the end of the Section as follows:

Provided further, that in the event a new President and/or Chief
Executive Officer is elected or appointed and thereafter Executive is
terminated without Cause or if Executive terminates his employment for
Good Reason before the expiration of the Employment Period, the
Equalization Payment shall become immediately due and payable.

4.        Section 4(c) Annual Bonus of the Employment Agreement is deleted in
its entirety and amended to read as follows:

Annual Bonus.  The Board's Compensation Committee (the "Compensation
Committee") or its delegate shall review Executive's performance at
least once quarterly during each year of the Employment Period to
review the Executive's performance pursuant to the procedures and
terms of Company's Quarterly Bonus Plan ("Bonus Plan"), as in effect
from time to time. The percentage of Executive's Salary to be used for
calculations under the Bonus Plan shall be an amount equal to 50% of
the Executive's Base Salary. The Executive's Bonus shall be paid
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Bonus Plan.

5.   Additional Grant of Stock Options ("New Option Agreement"):

Effective as of the date of this Amendment ("Option Grant Date"),
Executive shall be awarded a stock option (the "Additional Stock
Option") to purchase Fifty Thousand (50,000) shares of the Company's
Series B Common Stock, par value $.0001 per share (the "Common
Stock"). The shares of Common Stock subject to the Additional Stock
Option shall vest in increments of Twenty Thousand (20,000) shares on
August 1, 2001; Fifteen Thousand (15,000) shares on August 1, 2002;
and Fifteen Thousand (15,000) shares on August 2, 2003. The Purchase
Price for the Common Stock covered by the Additional Stock Option
shall be equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock as
measured by the closing price of a share of Common Stock on NASDAQ on
the Option Grant Date. The Additional Stock Option will be granted
under the 1999 Equity Incentive Plan of FirstWorld Communications,
Inc. (the "Plan") and the terms and conditions of the Additional Stock
Option will be determined in accordance with the Plan; provided
however, to the extent such terms of the Plan or the New Option
Agreement conflict with the terms of the Employment Agreement, as
amended, the terms of the Employment Agreement will control.  To the
extent permissible under applicable law and the Plan,

2
<PAGE>

the Additional Stock Option granted under the New Option Agreement
will be granted as incentive stock options.

6.   Consistent with Section 4(d) Stock Options of Executive's Employment
Agreement, Section 5.3 Change in Control of the Prior Option Agreements shall
read as follows:

Change in Control and Accelerated Vesting.  Notwithstanding any terms
in the Plan to the contrary, this Option Agreement, the Employment
Agreement, as amended, or otherwise, all of the Options granted
hereunder shall become vested and exercisable immediately prior to
such transaction in the event of the sale of all or substantially all
of the Company's assets or a merger or consolidation in which the
Company is not the surviving entity, or the Company's stockholders
prior to the transaction own less than 50% of the voting power of the
Company's outstanding securities immediately following the
transaction, or upon termination of Executive's employment by the
Company without Cause.

7.   Section 5.3 of the New Option Agreement shall read as follows:

Change in Control and Accelerated Vesting.  Notwithstanding any terms
in the Plan to the contrary, this Option Agreement, the Employment
Agreement, as amended, or otherwise, all of the Options granted
hereunder shall become vested and exercisable immediately prior to
such transaction in the event of the sale of all or substantially all
of the Company's assets or a merger or consolidation in which the
Company is not the surviving entity, or the Company's stockholders
prior to the transaction own less than 50% of the voting power of the
Company's outstanding securities immediately following the
transaction, or upon termination of Executive's employment by the
Company without Cause.

8.   Section 3.3(c) Expiration of Option of the Prior Option Agreements
shall read as follows:

If the Optionee's employment is terminated by the Company without
Cause, or by the Optionee for Good Reason, pursuant to Optionee's
Employment Agreement, as amended, the expiration of the later to occur
of: (i) January 1, 2002, or (ii) thirty (30) days from the Date of
Termination of Employment.

Executive understands that amending the Prior Option Agreements to extend
the opportunity to exercise the Options may adversely affect his tax
consequences under such Prior Option Agreements.

3
<PAGE>

9.   Section 3.3(c) Expiration of Option of the New Option Agreement shall
read as follows:

If the Optionee's employment is terminated by the Company without
Cause, or by the Optionee for Good Reason, pursuant to Optionee's
Employment Agreement, as amended, the expiration of the later to occur
of: (i) January 1, 2002, or (ii) ninety (90) days from the Date of
Termination of Employment.

10.  Section 12 Notice of the Employment Agreement is amended to read as
follows:

Notice.  For the purposes of this Agreement, notices, demands and all
other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in
writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered
either personally or by United States certified or registered mail,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

If to Executive:    David J. Gandini
3351 Meadow Creek Place
Highlands Ranch, CO 80126

If to the Company:  FirstWorld Communications, Inc.
8390 East Crescent Parkway, Suite 300
Greenwood Village, CO 80111
Attn: General Counsel
Facsimile: (303) 874-2461

or to such other address as any party may have furnished to the others
in writing in accordance herewith, except that notices of change of
address shall be effective only upon receipt.

11.  Executive acknowledges that he may be employed by a subsidiary of the
Company, however, the Company will remain liable for all obligations contained
in the Employment Agreement.

12.  The Employment Agreement and the Prior Option Agreements are deemed
amended to reflect the changes contemplated by this Amendment. Except as
expressly modified herein, the Employment Agreement and Prior Option Agreements
shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their terms and
conditions.

13.  Capitalized terms in this Amendment that are not otherwise defined
herein shall have the same meaning as in the Employment Agreement, the Prior
Option Agreements or the New Option Agreement.

14.  The Parties agree to execute, deliver and amend such documents as are
reasonably necessary accomplish the Parties' intent hereunder.

4
<PAGE>

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Amendment on
the date first above written.


FIRSTWORLD COMMUNICATIONS, INC.,
a Delaware corporation



By: /s/ Donald L. Sturm                                 /s/ David J. Gandini
Name:  Donald L. Sturm                                  David J. Gandini
Title: Acting President and Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman of the Board of Directors of
FirstWorld Communications, Inc.

5

