






f8k040308ex10i_chinaval.htm


Exhibit
10.1



Employment
Agreement




Due to
work need, China Valves Technology, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “Party A”
or “Company”), intends to employ Jianghang LI (hereinafter referred to as “Party
B”) to be employee of Party A in accordance with the State’s relevant laws,
regulations and rules on labor issues.  Based on the principles of
equality, volunteer, and consultation, both Parties enter into this Agreement to
establish employment relations and specify both Parties’ rights and obligations
for mutual abidance.




1.  Term




This
Agreement starts on March 29, 2008 and ends on December 31, 2010.  In
the event that either Party intends to terminate this Agreement, it shall notify
the other Party in writing or by email thirty (30) days in advance.




2.  Duties










(1)
The position of Party B is CFO (Chief Finance Officer), reporting to
CEO.  Party B’s working duties
include:









A.
combination of all financial statements of the Company;

B.
financial consultation on the Company’s acquisition;

C.
training to the senior management and financial staffs of the
Company;


D.
protecting the interests of the Company and answering various questions on
financial issues of the Company imposed by SEC; and






E.
coordination on the Company’s financing issues and investor
relations.










(2)
During the contract term, Party A will possibly assign Party B for other
positions.










3.  Working
Time, Confidentiality and Non-competition Agreement














(1)
During the contract term, Party B shall be a full-time employee of Party
A.
















(2)
Party B shall keep all the business activities and trade secret of Party A
confidential and shall not disclose to any third parties without
permission of Party A.















(3)
Party B agrees, during the contract term and within two (2) years after
expiry of the contract term, not to engage in any business which will
compete with the business activities of Party A and not to join in any
companies which compete with Party
A.









4.  Leaves




During
the contract term, Party B shall enjoy the statutory public holidays specified
by laws.




5.  Remuneration




Monthly
salary: US $ 6,000 (after tax)

Date for
paying the remuneration: every month

Method of
payment for the remuneration: payment in US Dollar or in RMB according to the
foreign exchange ratio on the date when the payment is actually
made.




































6.  Stock
Options




Considering
the actual work performance of Party B and upon approval of the Board of
Directors, the Company will grant Party B a certain amount of stock options as
an incentive.




7.  Insurance
and Welfares










(1)
During the contract term, both Party A and Party B shall contribute
various social security funds, such as insurance for pension, unemployment
and work accidents.  Meanwhile, Party A shall periodically
notify Party B of the contribution of the social insurance
funds.















(2)
In the event that Party B suffers any diseases or work-related injuries
during the contract term, the salary for Party B during its sick leaves,
the disease relief fees and the fees for medical treatment for Party B
shall be implemented according to the standard which shall not be lower
than the State’s mandatory
standard.















(3)
During the period which the Company stops its operation and production due
to the reasons not attributable to Party B, the benefits for various
leaves, social insurances and medical treatment which Party B may enjoy
according to the relevant regulations shall remain
unchanged.















(4)
The other social welfares and benefits which Party B may enjoy shall be
implemented according to the rules and regulations promulgated by Party A
according to law.









8.  Labor
Discipline, Punishments and Awards




Party B
shall abide by various rules and regulations promulgated by Party A according to
law.  Party A is entitled to examine, supervise, review, punish and
award Party B for Party B’s performance to those rules and
regulations.




9.  Mediation
and Arbitration




The
disputes arising from the performance of this Agreement shall be resolved first
through consultation.  In the event that the disputes can not be
resolved through consultation, the disputes can be resolved through mediation by
the Disputes Mediation Commission where Party A is located or through
arbitration by the Labor Disputes Arbitration Commission where Party A is
located within sixty (60) days after the disputes have arose.  If not
satisfied with the arbitration awards, either Party may institute a lawsuit with
the people’s court where Party A is located within fifteen (15) days after
receiving the arbitration awards.







































10.  Amendment




Any
amendment to this Agreement shall not take into effect before the amendment is
signed and recognized in writing by both Parties.




11.  Governing
Law




This
Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the People’s Republic of
China.  During the contract term, in case of any discrepancy between
the articles of this Agreement and the provisions of the law, the latter shall
prevail.




Because
Party A is an American public listing company, after conclusion of this
Agreement, Party A is obliged to file an 8-K report on hiring Party B to
SEC.  Party B shall also be obliged to provide Party A any materials
required for filing 8-K report.  Meanwhile, all the behaviors and
activities of Party B, as CFO of Party A, shall also be supervised and governed
by SEC.









Party
A or Representative

(Signature
or Seal)


Party
A or Representative

(Signature
or Seal)







Signature:




Signature:





Date:
March 29, 2008


Date:
March 29, 2008










