







Filed by Automated Filing Services Inc. (604) 609-0244 - Searchlight Minerals Corp. - Exhibit 10.3






FIRST AMENDMENT TO EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This First Amendment to the Executive Employment Agreement
dated February 16, 2007 between SEARCHLIGHT MINERALS CORP., a Nevada
corporation, (the “Company”) and MELVIN L. WILLIAMS (the
“Executive”).

WHEREAS:

A.      The Company and the Executive
entered into an Executive Employment Agreement dated June 14, 2006 (the
“Employment Agreement”), pursuant to which the Executive agreed to act as Chief
Financial Officer of the Company and to provide his services to the Company upon
the terms and conditions as set forth in the Employment Agreement.

B.      The Company has agreed to
increase the salary of the Executive to $130,000 US per year on the terms and
conditions set out herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of covenants and
agreements set out herein and the sum of $10.00 paid by the Executive to the
Company, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the
parties agree to amend the terms of the Employment Agreement as follows:

1.
Definitions. Except as otherwise set out herein,
capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as
specified in the Employment Agreement.


2.
Amendment. Section 4.1 of the Employment Agreement
is replaced in its entirety with the following:



“4.1 Salary. During the Employment
Term, the Company shall pay the Executive in installments according to the Company’s
regular payroll practice, a Salary at the annual rate of $130,000 US per year,
based on 600-800 hours per year expended by the Executive on the performance
of the duties outlined in Section 3.1 of this Agreement.”

3.
No Other Modification. The parties confirm that
the terms, covenants and conditions of the Employment Agreement remain
unchanged and in full force and effect, except as modified by this
Agreement.


4.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in
two or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but
all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one instrument,
and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed
by each party hereto and delivered to the other parties.


5.
Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise
expressly provided herein, the provisions hereof shall inure to the
benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors, assigns, heirs, executors
and administrators of the parties hereto.


6.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the
full and entire understanding and agreement between the parties with
regard to the subject hereof.



1





7.
Independent Legal Advice. The Executive
acknowledges and agrees that O’Neill Law Group PLLC has acted solely as
legal counsel for the Company and the Executive has been recommended to
obtain independent legal advice prior to execution of this
Agreement.



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed and
delivered this Agreement as of the date first written above.

SEARCHLIGHT MINERALS CORP.
by its authorized
signatory:

/s/ Ian R. McNeil

Signature of Authorized Signatory

Ian R. McNeil

Name of Authorized Signatory

President & CEO

Position of Authorized Signatory

SIGNED, SEALED AND DELIVERED
BY MELVIN L. WILLIAMS

in the presence of:

/s/ Roberta Marzocchi
Signature of Witness

120-2441 W. Horizon Ridge PKWY, Anderson, Nevada 89052	 	/s/ Melvin L. Williams
Address of Witness 	 	MELVIN L. WILLIAMS


2




