








September 20, 2001



Mr. Robert Orlando
41 Deerfield Drive
Milton, MA 02186


Dear Bob,

It is my pleasure to offer you the position of Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer at Switchboard, Incorporated ("Switchboard" or "Company")
reporting to me. The Senior Management members of Switchboard with whom you have
met believe your expertise will contribute significantly to Switchboard's
ability to attain our goals and realize our full potential.

The following items comprise the details of the offer:

1)   Compensation

The base salary will be $6,538.46 biweekly or $ 170,000 annually.

2)   Bonus Plan

You will be eligible to participate in a Performance Bonus Plan that is
targeted at an annualized rate of $70,000 at 100% achievement. Payment
of this bonus will be based upon a combination of Switchboard Company
performance and achievement of your individual objectives that will be
discussed and defined with you during your first month of employment.
Bonus payments are normally paid within 45 days of the quarter end. You
must be employed for 30 days after the quarter end in order to receive
that quarter's bonus payment.

3)   First Year Guarantee

During your first year of employment, you will be guaranteed 50% of
your target bonus paid in equal quarterly installments beginning
October 1, 2001. In the event of an involuntary separation during your
first year of employment, you will receive your First Year Guarantee on
a prorated basis as of the effective date of the termination.


<PAGE>




4)   Stock

You will be granted an option to purchase an aggregate of 160,000
shares of Common Stock of the Company in accordance with the applicable
terms and conditions of Switchboard's 1999 Stock Incentive Plan. These
options will be priced using the closing price on the NASDAQ Exchange
on your date of hire, and they will vest 25% on the first anniversary
of the date of grant and quarterly thereafter for the following three
(3) years.

5)   Benefits

You will be eligible to acquire group dental, medical, disability and
life insurance through the Company. Coverage for you and your
dependents will commence on your first day of employment, subject to
any insurers' eligibility requirements and the payment of any
applicable employee contributions.

6)   Protection in the Event of Termination

If your employment is terminated by Switchboard for any reason, except
For Cause (defined herein), Switchboard will provide you the following
payments and benefits:

* Switchboard will pay you on a biweekly basis your base salary
until you have obtained other employment to a maximum of six
months from the effective date of your termination or
Switchboard will pay you on a biweekly basis the difference
between any outside earnings (for example in the case of
obtaining consulting assignments) and your Switchboard base
salary for a maximum of six months from the effective date of
your termination.

* Switchboard will pay you all bonuses you have earned or that
are guaranteed (on a pro-rated basis) as of the effective date
of your termination.

* Switchboard will provide up to six months of continued medical
and dental insurance for you and your family from the
effective date of your termination, subject to the payment of
any applicable employee contributions.

* Termination of employment for cause ("For Cause") shall mean
termination by reason of (a) any act or omission involving
dishonesty, gross negligence or serious misconduct, or (b)
your conviction of, or the entry of a guilty plea or nolo
contendere by you to any crime involving sexual harassment or
any felony.

Termination of employment For Cause will be presented in
writing, accompanied by a written  statement of reasons.  A
process of binding  arbitration will resolve disagreements.

7)   Change in Control Provisions

* In the event of a Change in Control, (defined under separate cover
within the Stock Option Agreement Document), (a) each outstanding
option to purchase shares of Common Stock of the Company held by you
shall become immediately exercisable as to 50% of the then unvested
shares subject to such option, with such immediate vesting applied
ratably to the unvested shares.

* One year after a Change in Control, (a) each outstanding option to
purchase shares of Common Stock of the Company held by you shall
become immediately exercisable as to 100% of the then unvested shares
subject to such option.

* If terminated by the Company within 12 months of a Change in Control
or if your position, title, or responsibilities are materially
reduced from those in effect immediately prior to a Change in
Control, (a) each outstanding option to purchase shares of Common
Stock of the Company held by you shall become immediately exercisable
as to 100% of the then unvested shares subject to such option.

All items in this agreement pertaining to Stock Options of the Company are
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Switchboard Incorporated
1999 Stock Incentive Plan.

8)   Employment Status; Offer Terms

Since Switchboard's standard policy does not provide for agreements
guaranteeing employment for any specific period of time, this offer is
not intended to be construed as an employment contract. Therefore, you
are, and shall remain, an employee at will.

The terms of this offer are valid for the duration of your employment
subject to a 30-day notice period of cancellation by either party.


Please confirm your acceptance of this offer for employment no later than
September 24, 2001, by signing this letter where indicated below, and by signing
the enclosed Invention and Non-Disclosure Agreement. Please return both
documents in the envelope provided at your earliest convenience. Please retain
one copy of this letter for your records.

We look forward to your anticipated start date of October 1, 2001.

Sincerely,


/s/ Douglas Greenlaw
Douglas Greenlaw
Chief Executive Officer
Switchboard, Incorporated


DG/kb








Accepted:       /s/Robert Orlando                                    10/9/01
Robert Orlando                                       Start Date





