






EX-10.1











Exhibit 10.1








Employment
Agreement

The Princeton Review,
Inc.







This Employment Agreement (the “Agreement”) is between
Michael J. Perik (“Perik”) and The Princeton Review,
Inc. (“TPR”), and is subject to the terms of the
current form of the Executive Compensation Policy Statement, a
copy of which is attached as Exhibit A (the “Policy
Statement”) and incorporated herein, except as expressly
modified below. In addition, unless otherwise defined in this
Agreement, terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings
ascribed to them in The Princeton Review Glossary, a copy of
which is attached as Exhibit B and incorporated herein.
This Agreement supersedes any previous employment agreement
between the parties.







1.
Job Description:  Perik shall serve as the
Chief Executive Officer of TPR, working full time from
TPR’s headquarters. Perik shall devote his full business
energies to the business affairs of TPR. Further, he will use
his best efforts, skill and abilities to promote TPR’s
interests in accordance with guidelines, policies and objectives
established by TPR from time to time.


2.
Base Compensation & Benefits:  TPR
shall pay Perik a base salary of $1 per annum. Perik shall also
receive those medical, dental, life insurance and other benefits
made available generally by TPR to “G-0” level
executives of TPR.


3.
Bonus Compensation:  For each calendar year of
his employment, Perik shall be entitled to a performance bonus
of up to $875,000 (which amount shall be pro rated for 2007 and
increased annually thereafter by 3% per annum), based on his
attainment of performance metrics established and revised
annually by the Compensation Committee. Each such bonus shall be
paid in a combination of cash and common stock issued pursuant
to The Princeton Review 2000 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended
and restated on March 24, 2003 and as may hereafter be
amended) (the “Plan”), with the cash portion being an
amount estimated by the parties to be sufficient to cover the
income taxes and other required withholdings payable by Perik on
account of the bonus. Perik shall, however, be solely
responsible for the payment of all such taxes. Each bonus earned
by Perik shall be paid to him within
21/2 months
following the end of the calendar year in which the bonus was
earned. The Company shall pay cash compensation to Perik in such
amounts and in such manner as the Company may determine
necessary so that Perik will be deemed an exempt employee for
purpose of applicable wage laws.


4.
Stock Option Award:  Effective on July 22,
2007, subject to approval by the Board of Directors, TPR shall,
as an inducement grant, grant Perik an option to purchase
1,700,000 shares of TPR’s common stock (the
“Option Shares”) at a per-share exercise price equal
to the fair market value of a share of TPR common stock on the
effective date of the grant. Subject to Perik’s continued
employment with TPR on each vesting date, Perik’s right to
exercise such option shall vest as to 6.25% of the Option Shares
on October 31, 2007 and on the last day of every third
month thereafter.


5.
Term:  This Agreement shall be effective as of
July 22, 2007, and the initial term of employment under
this Agreement will be for the period commencing on that date
and continuing in effect until July 31, 2011. The initial
term of this Agreement shall be extended for successive two
(2) year terms at the end of the initial term and every two
years thereafter (each, including the initial term, a
“Term”) unless TPR gives contrary written notice to
Perik at least six months prior to the completion of a Term that
the Agreement shall not be extended (a “Notice Not to
Extend”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Perik shall be
employed at will, and either party may terminate Perik’s
employment with or without Cause at any time. Accordingly,
Perik’s employment may be terminated during a Term by Perik
voluntarily or by TPR with or without Cause in accordance with
the Policy Statement.


6.
Severance:  In the event that Perik’s
employment is terminated by TPR without Cause or Perik
terminates his employment due to a material and sustained
diminution in his authority, duties, and responsibilities, then
in addition to the payments under Section 5.1 of the Policy
Statement and in lieu of the payments provided under
Sections 5.3 and 5.4 of the Policy Statement (which
Sections shall not apply to Perik in any event), TPR will pay
Perik a severance payment of $500,000, or, if such termination
by TPR without Cause occurs within






















a12 months after a Change of Control, such severance
payment shall be $1,000,000. Any such severance payment shall be
paid to Perik in a lump sum, less taxes and other applicable
withholdings, within sixty (60) days after his termination,
provided that Perik shall have first executed and delivered to
TPR, and not revoked, a release agreement in a form acceptable
to TPR.








7.
Business Expenses.  TPR shall reimburse Perik
or otherwise provide for or pay all reasonable expenses incurred
by him in furtherance of or in connection with TPR’s
business, including cell phone monthly fees and the cost for a
high speed (DSL or cable) internet connection at his primary
residence, and such other expenses as may be incurred in
accordance with TPR’s policies or be approved by the
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors.


8.
Right to a Vehicle.  TPR shall cover the
expenses incurred for Perik to lease a vehicle for his business
use up to a total cost of $600 per month, and for the reasonable
cost of parking at TPR’s offices.








Agreed to this 22 day of July, 2007.










THE PRINCETON REVIEW, INC.









By:






/s/ JOHN KATZMAN




/s/ MICHAEL J. PERIK




















Name: John Katzman




Michael J. Perik







Title: Chairman of the Board of
Directors



















Signature
Page to Michael J. Perik Employment Agreement







2



