






Employment Agreement Srinivasan Krishnan




Exhibit 10.10


[VALICERT LETTERHEAD]

February 18, 2003

Srinivasan (“Chini”) Krishnan
811 Cameron Circle
Milpitas, California 95035



Re:	 	Employment Agreement


Dear Mr. Krishnan:

Pursuant to our recent discussions, this letter memorializes the terms of your continued employment with Valicert, Inc. (the
“Company”).

1.    Salary.    Your salary is $165,000 on an annualized basis, less applicable withholding.

2.    Bonus.    Immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger (as such term is
defined in the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization and Merger dated February 18, 2003, by and among Tumbleweed Communications Corp. (“Tumbleweed”), Velocity Acquisition Sub, Inc., and the Company (the “Merger Agreement”)), you
shall earn a bonus in the amount of $69,500, less applicable withholding (“Bonus”).

3.    Authorization For Payroll Deduction.    You acknowledge that in connection with the exercise of certain options to purchase the Company’s
common stock, the Company extended a loan to you in the principal amount of $60,000 (the “Loan”). Interest on the Loan, calculated through April 30, 2003 is $13,200. You hereby authorize the Company to use the net proceeds of the Bonus, to
the extent earned by you, to repay the Loan, including all accrued and unpaid interest as of that date.

4.    Amendment of Stock Option Agreement.    Your stock option agreement shall be amended
(the “Option Amendment”) to provide that immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger (as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement), all unvested options held by you shall become fully vested, and the period of time in which you
may exercise your options shall be extended to two (2) years after your termination, with respect to the following stock option grants: 60,000 shares granted on March 4, 2002 and 66,000 shares granted on December 12, 2002. A copy of the Option
Amendment is attached hereto as Exhibit A.

5.    Entire Agreement.    This Agreement, including the attached exhibit, constitutes the entire agreement between you and the Company relating to the specific subject matter hereof and
supersedes prior negotiations, representations or agreements between you and the Company.

6.    Modification.    This Agreement may only be modified or amended by a supplemental written agreement signed by you, an authorized representative of
Tumbleweed and an authorized representative of the Company.

7.    Termination.    If the Merger (as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement) is terminated and not consummated by the parties thereto, this Agreement shall immediately
terminate, and the Company shall not be obligated to confer any of the benefits described in paragraphs 2,3 and 4 above. This Agreement shall terminate upon consummation of the Merger (as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement).

I agree that there is no other compensation or
benefit in any form to which I am entitled.








Please sign
and date this letter on the space provided below to acknowledge your acceptance of the terms of this Agreement.


Sincerely,


/s/    TIMOTHY CONLEY


Timothy Conley
Chief Financial Officer



I agree
to and accept continued employment with Valicert, Inc. on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.


Date:
2/18/03

/s/    SRINIVASAN
KRISHNAN




