






Employment Agreement/Robert Goldfarb











Exhibit 10.120




Confidential




September 16, 2005




Mr. Robert Goldfarb

230 Golden Beach Drive

Golden Beach, FL 33160




Dear Rob:




It is with great pleasure that I confirm your appointment to the position of Senior Vice
President, General Counsel and Secretary for Andrx Corporation effective September 16,2005. In
line with your promotion, the following changes have been made to the terms of your employment.




1.	 	Salary: Your annual base salary has been increased to $336,600.

2.	 	Reporting To: Chief Executive Officer.

3.	 	Bonus Opportunity: In your new position, you will be eligible for a bonus
opportunity of up to 45% of earned salary in 2005. Consistent with our policy, your bonus
opportunity will be prorated for 2005.

4.	 	Equity Compensation: A request will be made to the Compensation Committee of the
Andrx Board of Directors to award you 10,000 additional restricted stock units for a total
award of 22,500 units in 2005.

5.	 	Grade Level: Your position is graded at band level 12 in the Company’s job band
structure.

6.	 	Termination Without Cause and Change of Control Provisions: In the event of
termination without Cause or Change of Control, this letter shall supersede the provisions
provided to you in the letter from Thomas Rice, Chief Executive Officer, dated January 5,
2005. In exchange for your agreement to and non-revocation of a Separation Agreement (the
“Agreement”), Andrx will provide you with the following provisions:






A.	 	In the event that your employment is terminated by Andrx, without Cause, at
any time prior to December 31, 2007, you shall be entitled to 24 months of
compensation at your then current annual salary along with the continuation of
medical and dental benefits at the usual employee rate for a period of 12-months.

B.	 	In the event that during the 18-month period following the occurrence of a
Change of Control, Andrx or any successor entity terminates your employment without
Cause or you terminate your employment for





















Good Reason as defined herein, you shall be entitled to: (i) a lump sum payment of two
years of your then current annual salary, (ii) a lump sum payment of two years of your
target bonus at that time, (iii) the continuation of medical and dental benefits at
the usual employee rate for a period of 1-year, (iv) the accelerated vesting of all
outstanding equity awards, including but not limited to, stock options and restricted
stock awards, (v) an amount representing a gross up for any federal, state and local
income tax liability arising from any amounts payable pursuant to this agreement which
are considered to be a “parachute payment” under Internal Revenue Code 280G and the
regulations promulgated there under, and (vi) a 12-month career transition service.





For the purpose of this agreement, “Change of Control” shall mean: (i) any ‘person’ (as such
term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act) is or becomes the
‘beneficial owner’ (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act), directly or
indirectly, of securities representing forty percent (40%) or more of the combined voting power of
the then outstanding securities, (ii) a merger, consolidation, share exchange, business
combination, joint venture or similar transaction, as a result of which the stockholders of the
Company prior to such transaction hold less than forty percent (40%) of the combined voting power
of the then outstanding securities after giving effect to such transaction, (iii) any sale, lease,
exchange, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets of the Company,
or (iv) the Company has filed a Current Report on Form 8-K reporting under current Item 5.01 (or
other Item if subsequently renumbered or subsequent Item) that a change of control of the Company
has occurred.



“Cause” means any or all of the following: (i) any willful, reckless, or grossly negligent
refusal or failure by you to perform the duties of your position; (ii) any willful, reckless, or
grossly negligent conduct by you with regard to the Company’s business(es), assets, or employees;
(iii) any conviction of you, or plea of guilty or no contest (nolo contendre) entered by you
regardless of whether adjudication is withheld — as to any violation of federal, state, or local
law, other than a minor traffic offense; (iv) any breach of any fiduciary duty owed to by you to
the Company; (v) any breach by you of any of the terms of any employment agreement, including but
not limited to any confidentiality and/or non-competition agreement or other restrictive covenant
agreement; (vi) any falsification or misrepresentation by you of any records of the Company; (vii)
any willful, reckless, or grossly negligent conduct by you which is injurious to or tends to bring
discredit upon the Company; or (viii) any material violation by you of the Company’s policies or
procedures, including those provided for in the Company’s Code of Conduct or Employee Handbook.



















“Good Reason” shall mean (i) any decrease in your salary without Cause, (ii) any material
diminution in your job responsibilities or title without Cause or (iii) reassignment of or
requirement for work in a location greater than 25 miles from your current work location.



Rob, I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate you on your promotion and to wish
you ongoing success in your new role. To signify your acceptance of these changes to the terms of
your employment, please sign both copies of this letter agreement. Please return one to me as soon
as possible, and retain the other for your file.






Sincerely,




Ian J. Watkins


Senior Vice President


Human Resources


AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED ON
THIS 8th DAY OF NOVEMBER, 2005


/s/ Robert I. Goldfarb




























Confidential




January 5, 2005




Mr. Robert Goldfarb

230 Golden Beach Drive

Golden Beach, FL 33160




Dear Rob:



I am pleased to advise you that the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Andrx Corporation (“Andrx’)
has approved certain changes to the terms of your employment. These changes are subject to your
continuing cooperation, commitment to and support of the strategic objectives set by the Board and
myself, and are intended to both provide you with additional comfort in connection with those
determinations, and to assure the Board and I of your cooperation, commitment and support in
implementing those objectives:





•	 	In the event that your employment is terminated by Andrx at any time prior to
December 31, 2007, without “Cause,” you shall be entitled to 12 months of
compensation at your then current annual salary.

•	 	In the event that, during the 24 month period after a Change of Control of Andrx,
your employment is terminated by Andrx or any successor entity without Cause or you
voluntarily terminate your employment for Good Reason, you shall be entitled to:






(i)	 	12 months of your then current annual salary

(ii)	 	accelerated vesting of all outstanding stock options and
restricted stock unit awards





For purposes of this letter:



“Change of Control” shall mean: (i) any ‘person’ (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and
14(d) of the Exchange Act) is or becomes the ‘beneficial owner’ (as defined in Rule 13(d) under the
Exchange Act, directly or indirectly, of securities representing forty percent (40%) or more of the
combined voting power of the then outstanding securities, (ii) a merger, consolidation, share
exchange, business combination, joint venture or similar transaction, as a result of which the
stockholders of the Company prior to such transaction hold less than forty percent (40%) of the
combined voting power of the then outstanding securities after giving effect to such transaction,
(iii) any sale, lease, exchange, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the
assets of Company, or (iv) where the Company has filed a Current Report on Form 8-K reporting under





















current Item 5.01 (or other Item if subsequently renumbered or subsequent Item) that a change of
control of the Company has occurred;



“Cause” shall mean (1) the commission of a criminal act by you, gross negligence, gross
malfeasance, gross misfeasance, or gross misconduct by you in the performance of your job, (2)
actions by you which cause Andrx’s reputation or image to materially suffer, (3) a breach by you of
your Confidentiality and Non-Competition agreement, and (4) other events or matters relating to
your job performance or conduct that would ordinarily cause an employer to seriously consider the
termination of an employee’s employment; and



“Good Reason” shall mean any decrease in your salary without “Cause” or material diminution in
responsibilities or title without “Cause” or the reassignment to an office 25 miles or more from
your current office location.



The changes reflected by this letter are not being offered to all Andrx employees. As such,
it is extremely important that you keep the existence and terms of this letter, and the strategic
matters we are preparing to undertake, extremely confidential.



Rob, I would like to take this opportunity to thank you for your significant contribution to
Andrx. Please acknowledge your understanding of the foregoing by signing and returning a copy of
this letter to me as soon as possible.






Sincerely,




Thomas P. Rice


Chief Executive Officer


Agreed to and Accepted on
this 22nd day of March, 2005


/s/ Robert I. Goldfarb













