









Exhibit 10.1
EXECUTION COPY


SECOND AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This second amendment to the Employment Agreement (as defined below), dated
as of November 8, 2004 (this  "Amendment"),  is made between  Asbury  Automotive
Group,  Inc.,  a Delaware  corporation  (the  "Company"),  and Kenneth B. Gilman
("Executive").

RECITALS

WHEREAS Asbury  Automotive  Group,  L.L.C.  and Executive  entered into the
Employment Agreement, dated as of December 3, 2001, as amended February 26, 2004
(the "Employment Agreement");

WHEREAS, on March 19, 2002, the Company became the successor in interest of
Asbury Automotive Group, L.L.C.;

WHEREAS  the  Company  and  Executive  have agreed to renew the term of the
Employment  Agreement  for an  additional  year through  December  31, 2005,  as
contemplated by Section 12(c) of the Employment Agreement; and

WHEREAS the Company and Executive desire to amend the Employment  Agreement
as set forth below.

NOW  THEREFORE,  for good  and  valuable  consideration,  the  receipt  and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:

1.   Section 3(b) of the Employment Agreement is hereby amended by adding to the
end of the second sentence therein the following:

; provided,  however, that this sentence shall not be deemed breached by
any other officer's reporting to the Board in order to comply with the
Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of  2002 or  other  applicable  law or  regulation
(including applicable stock exchange requirements).

2.   Section 5 of the  Employment  Agreement  is hereby  amended  to read in its
entirety as follows:

Commencing  in  calendar  year 2004,  during the Term,  Executive  shall be
entitled to earn an annual bonus  pursuant to the  Company's  Key Executive
Incentive  Compensation  Plan  (or  an  applicable  successor  plan),  on a
calendar year basis, ("Target Bonus") of up to one times his Base Salary if
the Company achieves  specified  objectives (the "Targets")  established by
the Compensation  Committee (the "Compensation  Committee") of the Board of
Directors  no later than the 90th day of each such year after  consultation
with  the  Executive,   and  the  Compensation   Committee   certifies  the
achievement of such Targets. Such Targets shall be substantially similar to
those  Targets  established  for purposes of computing  annual  bonuses for
other senior officers of the Company. If the Company's  performance exceeds
the Targets,  Executive  shall be entitled to receive an additional  annual
bonus of up to one times his Base  Salary  (the  "Additional  Bonus").  The
Compensation Committee shall, after consultation with Executive,  prescribe
a schedule  setting forth the percentage of the Additional  Bonus Executive
shall  earn  based on the  performance  of the  Company  in  excess  of the
Targets.  On or about  December  15 of each  year,  the  Company  shall pay
Executive  80%  of  the  Target  Bonus  and   Additional   Bonus  that  the
Compensation  Committee  determines in good faith is likely to be earned by
Executive  with  respect  to  that  year  (the  "Tentative   Bonus").   The
Compensation Committee shall certify whether the relevant performance goals
have been  achieved  and,  based on such  certification,  shall  thereafter
determine the actual Target Bonus and Additional  Bonus earned by Executive
with respect to the year described in the preceding  sentence no later than
30 days after  delivery  to the Board of  Directors  of  audited  financial
statements  for the Company for the  relevant  calendar  year (the  "Actual
Bonus").  If the Tentative  Bonus paid to Executive is less than the Actual
Bonus,  the Company shall  promptly pay Executive  the  difference.  If the
Tentative Bonus paid to Executive is more than the Actual Bonus,  Executive
shall promptly pay the Company the amount of the overpayments,  and, to the
extent such overpayments have not theretofore been paid by Executive to the
Company,  the  Company  shall be  entitled  to  recover  the  amount of the
overpayments  from  other  payments  due  Executive,   including,   without
limitation, Executive's Base Salary.

3.   Section  6(d) is hereby  added to the  Employment  Agreement to read in its
entirety as follows:

Executive shall be reimbursed by the Company for medical expenses  incurred
during the Term and covered by the Company's  group medical plan as then in
effect to the extent such plan does not reimburse such  expenses,  provided
such expenses  relate to  underlying  claims that are eligible for coverage
under such plan.  Such  expenses  shall include  deductibles,  co-payments,
co-insurance,   and   amounts   above  the  usual  and   customary   level.
Reimbursements  shall not be provided for health expenses related to claims
that are not deemed covered expenses by the group medical plan, even though
they may be deductible  expenses under Section 213 of the Internal  Revenue
Code of 1986,  except to the extent such  expenses are incurred  during the
Term and are  currently  being  reimbursed by the Company as of November 8,
2004.

4.   Section  6(e) is hereby  added to the  Employment  Agreement to read in its
entirety as follows:

Upon Executive's termination of employment from the Company,  Executive may
elect to continue to  participate in the Company's  medical  insurance plan
until the earliest of (i) Executive  becoming eligible for coverage under a
similar plan of a subsequent employer; (ii) the Company's failing to obtain
coverage for Executive under such plan with the applicable  insurer of such
plan; provided,  however, that this clause (ii) shall not apply if the plan
is self  insured  (and to the  extent the  Company  only  insures  the plan
through catastrophic  stop-loss  insurance,  the plan shall be deemed to be
self insured for purposes of this Section 6(e)); further provided, however,
that the Company  shall use its  commercially  reasonable  best  efforts to
obtain coverage for Executive  under such plan with the applicable  insurer
of such plan if the Company  maintains such plan as an insured plan;  (iii)
such  arrangement  becoming  prohibited  by  law or  regulation;  provided,
however,   that  in  such  event,   Executive's  election  to  continue  to
participate in the Company's  medical  insurance plan shall be limited only
to the extent  necessary  to comply with such law or  regulation;  and (iv)
Executive's failure to comply with the payment requirements of this Section
6(e) (other  than an  inadvertent  failure to timely  make such  payments).
Executive shall be responsible for the full cost of such medical  insurance
coverage,  which  shall be  billed  at the  Company's  COBRA  rate for such
coverage as in effect from time to time (which may change from time to time
to reflect  changes in the cost of coverage)  and which shall be payable in
the same  manner as the  Company  requires  for COBRA  payments  generally.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 6(e) shall not apply (A) in the
event  Executive  is  terminated  for Good Cause (as defined  below) or (B)
following  Executive's  failure  at any  time to  elect  to  continue  such
participation in the Company's medical insurance plan.

5.   Section 12(a) of the  Employment  Agreement is hereby  amended by adding to
the end of such section the following:

Notwithstanding  the  foregoing  provisions of this Section  12(a),  in all
events (including without limitation a termination of employment  described
in Section  12(c)) the provisions of Section 6(e) shall apply in accordance
with the terms thereof.

6.   Section  12(d)(ii)(E)  of the  Employment  Agreement  is hereby  amended by
adding to the end of such clause the following:

; provided,  however,  that this clause (E) shall not be deemed breached by
any  other  officer  reporting  to the  Board in order to  comply  with the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 or other applicable law or regulation (including
applicable stock exchange requirements);

7.   Section 13(d) of the Employment  Agreement is hereby amended to read in its
entirety as follows:

"Change in Control" shall have the meaning  ascribed to the term "Change of
Control"  in the  Company's  2002  Equity  Incentive  Plan as in  effect on
November 8, 2004 (without regard to any amendment subsequent to such date).

8.   The last  sentence  of Section  15 of the  Employment  Agreement  is hereby
amended to read in its entirety as follows:

Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  Sections  10,  11,  14  and  17  and,  if
Executive's  employment  terminates in a manner giving rise to a payment or
benefit under Section 12, Section 12 shall survive the  termination of this
Agreement.

9.   Except as specifically  amended  hereby,  the other terms and conditions of
the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

10.  This  Amendment may be executed in one or more  counterparts,  all of which
shall be considered one and the same agreement.

11.  This Amendment  shall be deemed to be made in, and in all respects shall be
interpreted,  construed and governed by and in accordance with, the laws of
the State of New York, without regard to the conflicts of law principles of
such State.


IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto have caused this  Amendment to be
duly executed as of the day and year first written above.

ASBURY AUTOMOTIVE GROUP, INC.


By: /s/ Ian Snow
Name:  Ian Snow
Title: Chairman of the Compensation Committee




/s/ Kenneth B. Gilman
Kenneth B. Gilman




