









Exhibit 10.45



Employment Agreement of Director of R&D Center








Party A: Shandong Haize Nanomaterials Co., Ltd


Party B: Chen Xuqui
















<PAGE>

Party A: Shandong Haize Nanomaterials Co., Ltd
Party B:  Chen Xuqui

Name            Chen        Sex         Male     Date of   November 9, 1974
Xuqui                            Birth
Education       Associate   Health      Healthy  Tel
Degree      Condition
Professional    ID
Title           Number
Strong
Points
Native          Lodging House in Xintai City Xizhou Township Fertilizer Plant,
Place

Whereas the working  needs of Party A, Party A agrees to engage  Party B to work
for it. In line with the stipulations in the Labor Law, the two parties,  on the
basis of equality,  willingness  and  consensus,  agree to sign this  engagement
contract.

I.    Term of Engagement

(1)   Party A engages Party B as the Director of the R&D Center.  The term
of this agreement  shall be five years,  commencing  from this first
day of January, 2005 and ending on the first day of January, 2010.

II.   Remuneration

(1) The basic annual salary of Party B is RMB 60,000 yuan (Sixty thousand yuan).
(2) 70% of Party  B's  salary  will be paid  along  with the  salaries  of other
employees, and the remaining 30% will be paid off as a single payment at the end
of each  year  after  the  Financial  Department  of  Party A has  finished  the
performance evaluation of Party B and the payment will be based on the result of
performance evaluation.
(3) Party B can only get the salary  after the amount has been  approved  by the
legal representative of Party A with his or her signature.

III.  The Responsibilities of Party B

(1)   Party B is  engaged  as the  technician  of the R&D  Center  of this
Company  and  will  be  mainly  responsible  for  the  research  and
development of the market  application of nano calcium carbonate and
the technical support and service work for the sales of nano calcium
carbonate products.



<PAGE>

(2)   Party B should complete the report of at least one  provincial-level
technological achievement every year. The inventions and innovations
completed  by Party B during  the period of  implementing  Party A's
task are service inventions and innovations.  The right to apply for
patent of service  inventions  and  innovations  belongs to Party A;
after the application has been approved,  Party A will be the holder
of the propriety right of the achievement.
(3)   Party B completes the task of making  patented  inventions (and this
patent has been  approved)  during the term of  engagement,  Party A
will,  according  to practical  circumstances,  reward Party B 3% of
newly added profit of the year in question. When Party B accepts the
reward,  he will be  deemed as having  transferred  the  proprietary
right of the patent in question to Party A automatically,  and Party
A will, as the holder of the  proprietary  right of the patent,  get
the  achievements  patented.  Even if  Party B will not  accept  the
reward,  the Second provision of Article Three of this contract will
be fulfilled and Party A will still be the patentee.
(4)   During the service period, Party B, without Party A's consent, shall
not, in any form,  secretly  conduct  application  for patent of his
achievements of inventions;  otherwise, Party A would have the right
to apply for the revocation of the  proprietary  right of the patent
and to hold Party B responsible  for economic  responsibilities  and
legal responsibilities.
(5)   During the service  period,  Party B must not  disclose any business
secret  such as  application  formula and  technical  matters to any
third  party.  If Party A  suffers  losses  as a result of Party B's
disclosing  any  secret,  Party B shall  compensate  Party A for all
economic losses and the third party will be held responsible for the
joint and several liabilities.

IV.   Breach Liability:
(1)   If Party B violates the  obligation  of keeping  secret,  the matter
will be handled in according to the Confidentiality Agreement signed
by and between the two parties.
(2)   If the two parties have labor disputes, the disputes will be handled
according to the Labor Contract signed by the two parties.
(3)   If the economic  losses  arising from the breach of this contract on
the part of Party B  cannot  be  determined,  a fine for  breach  of
contract will be hereto agreed. The fine for breach of contract will
be equal to 50% of the total salary during the  remaining  period of
the  term of this  contract  (from  the  date of the  breach  to the
termination of this contract).



<PAGE>

V.    Settlement of Disputes
If any party would like to terminate the labor contract  unilaterally,  it
should notify the other party one month in advance,  and it should ask for
the written  consent of the other  party and when the  written  consent is
given, the termination would become effective.  Otherwise, the notice will
be of no  effect  and the  contract  should  be  still  performed.  Should
disputes  arise during the  performing of this  contract,  the two parties
shall settle them through negotiations;  if they cannot be settled through
negotiations,  they can be submitted  to the  arbitration  department  for
labor disputes in Tai'an City. The party who finds the  arbitration  award
unacceptable  can take the  disputes to the  people's  court where Party A
locates (the Intermediate People's Court of Tai'an City).

VI.   Any matter or event not provided in the context of this  contract  will be
handled in accordance with relevant stipulations in the Labor Law.

VII.  The  appendices of this contract and  interpretation  of this contract are
inseparable parts of this contract and have equal effect.

VIII. This contract will become effective after being signed on the first day of
January,  2005.  After the two  parties  have  signed  and  sealed on this
contract,  and the contract has been notarized,  this contract will become
officially effective. Each party shall have one copy of this contract.


Party A: Shandong Haize Nanomaterials Co., Ltd (official seal)

Party B: /s/ Chen Xuqui (signature)

Date: January 1, 2005




