









AMENDMENT TO CONSULTING AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDMENT TO CONSULTING AGREEMENT (the "Amendment") is effective as of
February 10, 2005 by and between XRG, INC., a Delaware  corporation  ("XRG") and
PRIVATE CAPITAL GROUP INC., a Florida Corporation ("Consultant").

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS,  XRG and Consultant are parties to a certain Consulting  Agreement
dated March 1, 2004 (the "Consulting Agreement"); and

WHEREAS,  it has been determined that it is in the best interests of XRG to
modify  the  Consulting  Agreement  in  certain  respects  as it relates to base
compensation and severance arrangements as more fully set forth herein; and

WHEREAS,  it is in the best interests of XRG to facilitate the  refinancing
of certain of its  subsidiaries'  debts and the Consultant's  agreement to amend
certain of the terms and conditions of his  Consulting  Agreement is a condition
precedent to the facilitation of such refinancing; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of XRG has determined that such actions are
in the best interests of XRG.

NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the  promises  and  other  good and
valuable  consideration,  the  receipt  and  sufficiency  of  which  are  hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Base Compensation. The base compensation as set forth in Section ____ of
the Agreement is amended as follows:

o    Consultant agrees that effective as of February 15, 2005, Consultant's
base  salary  shall  be  $90,000.  per  annum,  which  equals  60%  of
Consultant's  current base salary.  Compensation  shall be paid either
by-monthly  or  month  as  determined  by  XRG.   Notwithstanding  the
foregoing,  in the event XRG reports in its SEC filings either on Form
10-Q or Form 10-K, two (2)  consecutive  quarterly  earning reports of
positive net income from  operations  after taxes based upon GAAP,  as
determined by XRG's regularly  engaged  Certified  Public  Accountant,
then Consultant's  base  compensation  shall be increased to an annual
amount that existed prior to the date of this  Agreement.  The parties
agree that the prior annual base compensation amount was $150,000.
<PAGE>

2.  Bonuses.  Notwithstanding  any  other  provisions  of the  Consultant's
Consulting  Agreement,  including but not limited to the provisions set forth in
Section ___ thereof,  Consultant  hereby  agrees to waive any rights to any past
bonus payments. Consultant further agrees that all bonuses payable from this day
forward  shall be in such  amounts as  determined  by the Board of  Directors or
XRG's Compensation Committee.

3.  Severance  Payment in the Event of Termination  Without  Cause.  In the
event  Consultant's  consulting with XRG is terminated  without cause, or in the
event  of  death or  "physical  or  mental  disability",  then the  Consultant's
severance  payment shall equal an amount the Consultant  would have otherwise be
entitled  to as a base  salary on an  annualized  basis  (i.e.  12  months  base
compensation)  computed  upon the  amount the  Consultant  was paid on a monthly
basis on the month end most closely  preceding the date of  termination  without
cause,  death or disability.  Such severance  payments shall be payable in three
equal monthly payments.

4.  Supersede/Inconsistent  Provisions.  The terms and  conditions  of this
Amendment  will  supersede any terms and  conditions of the original  Consulting
Agreement which are  inconsistent  with the provisions set forth herein.  All of
the terms and provisions of the original Consulting  Agreement shall survive and
remain in full force and effect.

XRG, INC.


By:
Print Name:
Title:


"CONSULTANT"


Print Name:
MTC/ej/338259
2/10/2005 11:31 AM

