








<PAGE>

Exhibit 10.11

June 1, 2007

Mr. Timothy J. Tanner
6435 Midway Manor Dr.
Mount Vernon, Indiana 47620

RE: OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT - ECOLOGY COATINGS, INC.

Dear Tim,

On behalf of Ecology Coatings, Inc. (the "Company"), I am pleased to offer you
the position of Vice President, Business Development at a monthly salary of
Eleven Thousand two hundred and fifty and 00/100 dollars ($11,250.00) that is
equivalent to an annual salary of One Hundred thirty-five thousand and 00/100
dollars ($135,000.00). You will report directly to the Company's Chief Executive
Officer and President. Your salary will be paid bimonthly in equal installments
in accordance with the Company's standard payroll policies. You will receive a
Fifteen Thousand and 00/100 dollar ($15,000.00) "signing" bonus. The bonus will
be paid in three (3) Five Thousand and 00/100 dollar ($5,000.00) increments on
the second, fourth and sixth-month anniversary of your employment with the
Company. Payment of the bonus will depend on your continued employment with the
Company.

You will also be granted an option (the "Option") to purchase ten thousand
(10,000) shares of the Company's Common Stock at an exercise price of Two
dollars ($2.00) per share. The shares of Common Stock subject to such Option
(the "Options Shares") will vest over a two (2) year period as follows: Fifty
percent (50%) of the shares will vest on June 1, 2008, and the remaining shares
will vest on June 1, 2009 (the "Vesting Period"). Vesting will depend on your
continued employment with the Company. The Option shall have a ten-year term
from the date hereof, and will be incentive stock options to the extent
allowable under the Internal Revenue Code and non-qualified options as to the
balance.

In addition, as an employee of the Company you are entitled to a number of
benefits. You shall be entitled to participate in any incentive, savings, or
retirement plan offered to similarly situated employees of the Company. The
Company intends to adopt a management incentive, as well as an individual
account plan (e.g., IRA, 401(k)), at the beginning of the next fiscal, which
begins October 1, 2007. The contemplated incentive plan will provide cash and
equity option awards based on results towards Company and individual objectives
established prior to the plan year. Typically, such plans provide a

<PAGE>

range of compensation against plan achievement awards in cash and stock options
that will be at least 10% to 25% of base salary depending on both Company
financial performance and individual achievement towards objectives set up prior
to the fiscal year.

Similarly, you shall be eligible for participation in and shall receive all
benefits under any welfare benefit plans, practices, policies and programs
provided by the Company (including, without limitation, medical, prescription,
dental, disability, salary continuance, employee life, group life, accidental
death and travel accident insurance plans and programs). Such coverage shall be
comparable to similarly situated employees of the Company. Should you elect to
opt out of any or all of the aforementioned welfare benefit plans, the Company
will reimburse you for the reasonable cost of such coverage, but only to the
extent that such cost does not exceed cost of the Company providing coverage
under its own welfare benefits plans directly to you.

Finally, you will be entitled to ten (10) paid vacation days annually.

For the duration of your employment with the Company, you will devote your free
time, skill and attention to your duties and responsibilities as the Company's
Vice President, Business Development. In this capacity, you will be responsible
for the overall direction of global sales, marketing and business development.
Your duties will include, but are not limited to: (1) market identification and
definition; (2) strategic marketing development planning; (3) implementation of
plans including direct participation with key customers; (4) management of sales
and field technical service personnel; and (5) development of the Company's
overall business development capability.

You may use your home as a base of operation and we will reimburse you for
incremental expenses to operate such office including high speed internet
access, a business telephone line and common office materials. Our expectation
is that you will be away from home as needed to satisfy Company, customer and
other obligations. Travel expenses that are paid by personal credit cards will
be reimbursed as needed to meet payment invoice timing and you will have the use
of a Company credit card.

We believe that your abilities and our needs are compatible and that your
acceptance of this offer will prove mutually beneficial. However, it is
understood and agreed that your employment is terminable at the will of either
party and is not an employment agreement for a year or any other specified term.
Your status as an at-will employee cannot be changed by any statement, promise,
policy, course of conduct, in writing or manual except through a written
agreement signed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

The Company requires that you execute the Confidentiality Agreement, which is
attached hereto prior to commencement of employment with the Company.

This letter and the Confidentiality Agreement comprise the entire agreement with
respect to your employment. The terms of this offer may only be changed by
written agreement. Your term of employment will commence upon the closing of the
Company's proposed



<PAGE>

merger transaction, or as soon thereafter as is practical. Please indicate your
consent to the terms contained in this offer letter by signing and returning a
copy to me at your earliest convenience.

Yours very truly,


/s/ F. Thomas Krotine
F. Thomas Krotine
Chief Executive Officer &
President


Agreed to June 1, 2007


/s/ Timothy J. Tanner
Timothy J. Tanner



