








EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

B E T W E E N:

Tarpon Industries, Inc.

("the Company")


Patrick Peplowski

("the Employee")



The Company has offered the  Employee  employment  and the Employee has accepted
this  offer,  subject  to the  following  terms  and  conditions  and in  mutual
consideration of the promises made between the parties in this Agreement.

1. TERM OF AGREEMENT

The Company  shall  employ the  Employee  as  Executive  Vice-President  Sales &
Marketing Tarpon Industries,  Inc. The term of Employee's  employment under this
Agreement  will begin on the date of this Agreement and shall continue for three
(3) years,  unless terminated earlier pursuant to the termination  provisions of
this  Agreement.  The Employee and the Company agree that this  Agreement may be
renewed at the end of the fixed term upon terms that the parties will negotiate.
The Company  agrees to provide the  Employee  with sixty (60) days notice of the
terms of renewal if a renewal is offered.

2. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

The  Employee is employed in the position of  Executive  Vice-President  Sales &
Marketing  Tarpon  Industries,  Inc. The  Employee  will be an officer of Tarpon
Industries.  In this position,  you will assume all responsibility for the Sales
and  Marketing  efforts  for  the  Company.   In  addition  to  the  duties  and
responsibilities  associated with the foregoing, the Employee shall perform such
other duties and  responsibilities  as may be assigned by the Company.  You will
report to the President and COO.

<PAGE>


3. COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS

Salary

The Employee will receive an annual base salary of $170,000.00  Such salary will
be  payable  semi-monthly  in  arrears,  or at such  other  interval,  not  less
frequently than monthly, as the Company will designate.

Benefits

The Employee will be provided with benefits as set forth in the standard  Eugene
Welding  Company  benefit plan to include  employee  health care (Blue Cross and
Blue Shield of Michigan) and the standard  employee  benefits as outlined in the
EWCO  employee  handbook.  Benefits  will  either  begin  with  the date of this
agreement or Employee will be reimbursed  for COBRA gap coverage.  Participation
in each benefit plan or program shall be subject to the general  conditions  and
limitations of such plan or program.

Bonus/Profit Sharing/Stock Options

The Employee shall be entitled to participate in the Company's  bonus plan, once
established and approved by board of directors,  and will be eligible to receive
a performance  based bonus (up to 20% of established base salary) based upon the
achievement of Company  profitability goals and agreed upon individual goals and
objectives.

The Company will grant  Employee an option to purchase  100,000 common shares of
stock,  to be vested in three equal  amounts and periods over the next three (3)
years.  The stock  option  price will be the  highest  market  price on day this
agreement is executed.

Vacations

The  Employee  will be granted an annual  paid  vacation of four (4) weeks which
shall be taken at times mutually convenient to the Company and the Employee. The
Employee will not be compensated for unused vacation days during a calendar year
and  vacation  days may not be carried  over to  subsequent  years.  If Employee
leaves the Company  during the first year,  the Employee will not be entitled to
any accrued, unpaid vacation.

Car Allowance

The  Employee  shall be provided  with an  automobile  allowance  of $500.00 per
month. In addition,  it is anticipated  that the Employee will be a high-mileage
user; therefore the Employee will be reimbursed for all business related mileage
at the rate of $0.14/mile.

<PAGE>


Expenses

The Company agrees to reimburse the Employee for reasonable expenses incurred in
connection with the carrying out of his duties. Such expenses must be documented
on an expense form and must be approved by the President of the Company or their
designee.

4. TERMINATION

The Employee may terminate  this Agreement by providing the Company with 30 days
written notice of his intention to terminate his employment.

The Company may terminate this Agreement at any time:

(a.) Without any notice or payment to the Employee in the event  "cause"  exists
for such termination.  "Cause" is defined as material breach by Employee of this
Agreement, any material breach by Employee of his fiduciary duty to the Company,
any material failure to perform his duties under this Agreement,  gross neglect,
abuse of office  amounting to a breach of trust,  fraud, any wilful violation of
any  law,  rule  or  regulation  (other  than  traffic  violations  and  similar
offences), or any act of dishonesty or theft by the Employee.

(b.) Without cause upon either Party  providing  written notice to each other to
terminate this Agreement.

The following clauses govern  compensation upon termination of employment of the
Employee by the Employer without cause:

(c.) The Employer  agrees to pay the Employee's  base salary for a six (6) month
time  period,  or for the time  frame  remaining  in the term of the  employment
contract,  whichever is shorter.  The payment will be based on the annual salary
the Employee is receiving at the time of his termination and will be paid to the
employee in bi-monthly  payments.  The Employee  agrees that the  aforementioned
payment,  together  with the benefits  described in Paragraph 4. (d.),  (e), and
(f), fully satisfy any and all claims,  causes of action, and/or complaints that
the Employee might have against the Company,  its  subsidiaries,  affiliates and
each of its respective  officers,  directors,  employees,  servants,  agents and
assigns,  jointly and severally,  regarding any other claim for severance pay or
damages for wrongful dismissal.

(d.) A pro-rated payment with respect to bonus/profit sharing the Employee would
have earned (if applicable  based upon Company and Employee  performance)  to be
calculated at the date of termination.

(e.) Benefit  coverage for the six (6) month time period,  or for the time frame
remaining in the term of the employment contract, whichever is shorter, when the
Employee is being paid his base salary (4.c.).  Employee will be responsible for
paying his portion of the insurance premium payments.

<PAGE>

(f.) The Company will reimburse the Employee for authorized, documented expenses
incurred by the Employee  while  actively  employed and if submitted  within two
weeks of the date of the termination. No expenses will be payable for any period
following the last day the Employee was actively working for the Company.

5. RELOCATION PACKAGE

The Employer agrees to provide the Employee with a customary  relocation package
to  relocate  the  Employee  and  his  family  to  the  Company's  proposed  new
headquarters.

(a)  1-month salary at time of actual move for all incidental expenses.
(b)  Reimbursement  to  pick-up  and  deliver   possessions  to  new  residence.
Temporary storage up to 90 days if necessary.
(c)  Interim living expenses.
(d)  Realty fees on home sale up to a maximum of 4%.
(e)  Closing costs on purchase of new home and up to 2 points.
(f)  Up to two family trips to search for new housing.
(g)  Total expense reimbursement to be capped at $75,000.

If Employee  leaves within the first year of  employment as calculated  based on
the  date  of the  agreement,  Employee  agrees  to  reimburse  Company  for ALL
relocation expenses.

6. LEGAL ADVICE

The Parties  acknowledge that they have been advised to seek  independent  legal
advice and that they were both provided with an  opportunity  to seek and obtain
such advice prior to the execution of this Agreement.

The parties state that they have read the entire  Agreement and  understand  its
contents.  The  Employee  acknowledges  that he relied  upon his own  sources of
information  in  signing  this  Agreement  and did not  rely on any  assertions,
promises or information from the Company other than the terms of this Agreement.

7.       ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the Parties with respect
to  the  subject  matter  of  this   Agreement  and  all  prior   Agreements  or
understandings,  oral or  written,  are merged in this  Agreement  and are of no
force or effect.  The Parties  acknowledge  that they are not  relying  upon any
representations, express or implied, oral or written, (relating to any aspect of
Employee's  current or future employment or otherwise),  except for those stated
in this  Agreement.  Employee  further  acknowledges  that his exclusive  remedy
against the Company for breach of this Agreement and/or wrongful  termination of
his employment is the collection of any  compensation due him under the specific
written terms of this Agreement.

<PAGE>


8.  GOVERNING LAW AND FORUM

This Agreement, its construction, and the determination of any rights, duties or
remedies of the parties  arising out of or relating to this  Agreement,  will be
governed  by,  and  interpreted  in  accordance  with the  laws of the  State of
Michigan, except for any provision of Michigan law which directs the application
of other states' laws, and except that if any provision of this Agreement  would
be illegal,  void,  invalid, or unenforceable under such Michigan laws, then the
laws of such other  jurisdiction  which would render such  provisions  valid and
enforceable  will  govern so far as is  necessary  to sustain the  validity  and
enforceability of the terms of this Agreement. Each party consents to be subject
to personal  jurisdiction  of the Courts of  Michigan,  and any lawsuit or other
court  action or  proceeding  relating  to, or arising out of this  Agreement or
Employee's  employment  with the Company will be instituted only in the state or
federal court of proper  jurisdiction  in the State of Michigan and those courts
will have exclusive  jurisdiction over any case or controversy arising out of or
relating to this Agreement.

IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  Employer and Employee  have duly  executed  this
Agreement as of the date and year written.



TARPON INDUSTRIES, INC.



By:   /s/ Patrick J. Hook           Date:      10/25/07

Its:    President & COO



/s/ Patrick Peplowski              Date:     10/20/07
P. Peplowski, Employee



