











[FIRST BUSINESS CAPITAL
CORP. LETTERHEAD]



December 12, 2005



Mr.           Charles H.
Batson
13315 W. Eagle Trace
New Berlin, WI 53151



Dear Chuck:



We are pleased to confirm our offer
of employment as President & CEO and Director of First Business Capital Corp. (FBCC).
The terms noted in this letter supersede any we have discussed previously. If the
conditions set out below are acceptable to you, please sign this letter and the REPAYMENT
AGREEMENT and return it by December 19, 2005.




Starting Date: 	On
or about January 3, 2006






Starting Salary: 	$15,834
per month






Title: 	President
& CEO and Director of FBCC






Officer Bonus
Program: 	You
will be eligible for the board approved officer bonus program beginning in 2006.  Your
bonus                                     will be calculated as a percentage of base
compensation and ranges from 0% - 75%, with a targeted
payout of 35%.  Payment is based on company (holding
company and FBCC) and individual                                     performance.






Auto Allowance: 	$325/month,
plus .30/mile






Restricted Stock: 	You
will receive 6,000 restricted shares of First Business Financial Services, Inc. stock.
The                                     options will vest 25% per year for four years.






Signing Bonus: 	You
will receive a $150,000 signing bonus, subject to all applicable tax withholding, which
will                                     be payable in two installments.  The first
payment of $75,000 will be paid during the first pay
period in 2006, no later than January 16, 2006.  The
second payment of $75,000 will be paid to you                                     during
the first pay period following your six month anniversary.  The signing bonus shall be
repaid to us in the event that you resign or are
terminated for cause with First Business Capital
Corp. on or before December 31, 2006, pursuant to the
terms of the attached form of REPAYMENT                                     AGREEMENT
which shall be fully executed by you as a condition of employment.


















Charles H. Batson
December 12,
2005
Page 2




Change In Control Agreement: 	A
Change in Control Agreement will be provided to you; whereby if you are terminated, fired
or                                     given a position of lesser responsibility as a
result of a Change in Control with either the                                     holding
company or FBCC, you will receive two times your annual salary.  The Agreement will also
include a two-year non-compete/non-solicitation
provision.






Location: 	You
will have an office in both the Brookfield and Madison locations.









You will also be eligible to
participate in the employee benefit programs available to employees as provided for in the
employee handbook.



As you know, employment is at will
and subject to the terms and conditions outlined in our employee handbook and employment
policies as amended from time to time. This letter is not an employment contract. This
offer is subject to satisfactory results of a controlled substance test.



We look forward to working with you
and know you will be a valuable asset to our team. Please indicate your acceptance of the
terms of this offer by signing below and returning an original copy to me, and also by
signing an original copy of the REPAYMENT AGREEMENT and returning it to me.



Sincerely,







/s/ Corey Chambas



Corey Chambas
Chairman of the Board



Acknowledged and agreed to by:	/s/ Charles H. Batson
Charles H. Batson

12/14/05
Date




