








EXHIBIT 10.3

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS  AGREEMENT  made  as  of  the  31ST  day  of  May,  2011,

BETWEEN

AMERICAN MINING CORPORATION, a corporation incorporated under the laws of the
State of Nevada, having a registered office located at 2533 North Carson Street,
Carson City, Nevada  89706 (the "Corporation"),

AND

GARY MACDONALD, of Oceanside, California (the "Executive").

WHEREAS,

A.     the Corporation has acquired substantial assets from a company founded by
the  Executive for the purpose of expanding the business of the Corporation (the
"Acquisition");

B.     it  was  a  condition  to  the  completion  of  the  Acquisition that the
Executive accept an offer of employment from the Corporation in the form of this
agreement  to  provide  the  services  described  herein;

C.     the Corporation recognizes that the Executive has special skills relating
to  and  extensive  familiarity with the assets acquired through the Acquisition
and  the  expanded  business  of  the  Corporation;

D.     the  Executive  has  expressed  concern  to  the  Corporation  that  the
Executive's  employment  could  be  terminated before the expiration of the Term
without  cause  or  adversely  modified;  and

E.     the board of directors of the Corporation has determined that it would be
in  the  best  interests of the Corporation to induce the Executive to remain in
the  employ  of  the Corporation, and that provisions of this agreement are fair
and  reasonable  and  in  the  best  interests  of  the  Corporation.

NOW  THEREFORE  in  consideration  of  the  premises  hereof  and  of the mutual
covenants  and  agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable
consideration,  the  receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by
the  parties,  the  parties  agree  as  follows:

1.     INTERPRETATION

1.1     The  headings  of the Articles, sections, subsections and clauses herein
are  inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the meaning
or  construction  hereof.

1.2     This agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the
laws of the State of Nevada and the federal laws of the United States of America
applicable  therein.  Each  of  the  parties  hereby  irrevocably attorns to the
jurisdiction  of  the  courts of the State of Nevada with respect to any matters
arising  out  of  this  agreement.

1.3     If  any  provision  of  this  agreement  is  determined  to  be  void or
unenforceable  in  whole  or in part, it shall not be deemed to affect or impair
the  validity of any other provision herein and each such provision is deemed to
be  separate,  distinct  and  severable.

1.4     For  the  purposes of this agreement, the following terms shall have the
following  meanings,  respectively:

(a)     "ANNUAL  SALARY"  means  the  sum  of:

(i)     the  aggregate  of  the annual salaries of the Executive, payable to the
Executive  by  the  Corporation  and its subsidiaries as at the end of the month
immediately  preceding  the  month  in  which  the  Executive's  employment  is
terminated;  and

(ii)     an  amount  equal  to  the  greater  of:

(1)     the aggregate amount of all remuneration, salaries, bonuses and benefits
(including  the  present  cash  value  of  any non-cash remuneration, bonuses or
benefits)  not included in clause 1.4(a)(i) above that the board of directors of
the  Corporation  in  its  absolute discretion estimates would be payable to the
Executive  during  the  fiscal  year of the Corporation in which the Executive's
employment  is terminated by the Corporation and its subsidiaries, assuming: (1)
the employment of the Executive was not terminated during such year; and (2) the
Executive benefits from and participates in such remuneration, salaries, bonuses
and  benefits on a basis consistent with the Corporation's established practices
in  effect  for  senior  executives  of  the  Corporation  and  its subsidiaries
immediately  prior  to  the  Termination  Date;  and

(2)     one-half  of the aggregate amount of all remuneration, salaries, bonuses
(including  the  present  cash  value  of  any non-cash remuneration, bonuses or
benefits)  not  included  in  clause  1.4(a)(i)  above  paid  or  payable to the
Executive  by the Corporation and its subsidiaries during the 24 calendar months
immediately  preceding  the  Termination  Date;

(b)     "BOARD"  means  the  board  of  directors  of  the  Corporation.

(d)     "EFFECTIVE  DATE"  means  June  1,  2011.

(e)     "GOOD  REASON"  means the occurrence of any of the following without the
Executive's  written  consent,  except in connection with the termination of the
employment  of  the  Executive  for  Just  Cause,  Death  or  Disability:

(i)     a change (other than those that are clearly consistent with a promotion)
in  the  Executive's  position  or duties (including any position or duties as a
director  of the Corporation), responsibilities, title or office, which includes
any  removal  of the Executive from or any failure to re-elect or re-appoint the
Executive  to  any  such  positions  or  offices;

(ii)     a  reduction  by  the  Corporation  or  any  of its subsidiaries of the
Executive's  salary, benefits or any other form of remuneration or any change in
the  basis  upon  which  the  Executive's  salary, benefits or any other form of
remuneration payable by the Corporation or its subsidiaries is determined or any
failure  by  the Corporation to increase the Executive's salary, benefits or any
other  forms of remuneration payable by the Corporation or its subsidiaries in a
manner  consistent  (both  as  to  frequency  and  percentage increase) with the
Corporation's established practices with respect to the senior executives of the
Corporation  and  its  subsidiaries;

(iii)     any  failure  by  the  Corporation  or its subsidiaries to continue in
effect  any  benefit,  bonus,  profit  sharing,  incentive,  remuneration  or
compensation  plan, stock ownership or purchase plan, pension plan or retirement
plan  in which the Executive is participating or entitled to participate, or the
Corporation  or its subsidiaries taking any action or failing to take any action
that  would  adversely  affect  the  Executive's  participation in or reduce his
rights or benefits under or pursuant to any such plan, or the Corporation or its
subsidiaries  failing  to increase or improve such rights or benefits on a basis
consistent  with  the  Corporation's  established  practices with respect to the
senior  executives  of  the  Corporation  and  its  subsidiaries;

(iv)     any  failure  by  the  Corporation  or  its subsidiaries to provide the
Executive  with  the number of paid vacation days to which he is entitled or the
Corporation  or  its  subsidiaries  failing  to increase such paid vacation on a
basis  consistent  with  the Corporation's established practices with respect to
the  senior  executives  of  the  Corporation  and  its  subsidiaries;

(v)     the  Corporation  or  its  subsidiaries taking any action to deprive the
Executive  of a material benefit under this agreement, or the Corporation or its
subsidiaries  failing  to  increase  or improve such material benefit on a basis
consistent  with  the  Corporation's  established  practices with respect to the
senior  executives  of  the  Corporation  and  its  subsidiaries;

(vi)     any  breach  by  the  Corporation  of  any provision of this agreement;

(vii)     the  good  faith  determination  by the Executive that the Executive's
status  or  responsibility  in  the  Corporation  or  its subsidiaries have been
diminished or the Executive is being effectively prevented from carrying out his
duties  and  responsibilities;  or

(viii)     the  failure  by the Corporation to obtain, in a form satisfactory to
the  Executive,  an  effective  assumption  of  its obligations hereunder by any
successor to the Corporation, including a successor to a material portion of its
business.

(k)     "JUST  CAUSE"  means the causes that are sufficient under the common law
to  justify  dismissal  from  a  position  of  employment  and includes, without
limiting  the  generality  of  the  foregoing,  the  occurrence  of  any  of the
following:

(i)     a  repeated  and  demonstrated  failure  on the part of the Executive to
perform  the  material duties of the Executive's position in a competent manner,
and which the Executive fails to substantially remedy within a reasonable period
of  time  after  receiving  written  notice  thereof  from  the  Corporation;

(ii)     failure  by  the  Executive  to  honor  his  fiduciary  duties  to  the
Corporation, including the duty to act in the best interests of the Corporation;

(iii)     the  Executive  or  any  member of his family making a personal profit
arising out of or in connection with a transaction to which the Corporation is a
party  or with which it is associated without making disclosure to and obtaining
the  prior  written  consent  of  the  Corporation;

(iv)     failure  or  refusal  by  the Executive to obey reasonable instructions
given  in  the  course  of  employment  by  the  Chairman or the Board which not
inconsistent with the Executive's management position and which are not remedied
by  the  Executive  within  a  reasonable period of time after receiving written
notice  of  such  failure  or  refusal;

(v)     being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by
an  administrative  agency  to  have  violated  a federal or state securities or
commodities  law,  not  subsequently  reversed,  suspended  or  vacated;

(vi)     or becoming subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently
reversed,  suspended  or  vacated,  of  any  court  of  competent  jurisdiction,
permanently  or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting
his  involvement  in  any  type  of  business, securities or banking activities;

(vii)     committing  an  act  of  fraud  or  material  dishonesty;

(viii)     conviction  in  a  criminal  proceeding;  or

(ix)     engaging  in  conduct  that  is  detrimental  to  the reputation of the
Corporation  or  any  of  its  Affiliates  in  any  material  respect.

(l)     "PROFIT  SHARING  POOL"  means  the percentage of pre-tax profit that is
determined  by  the  Board to be available for distribution to the Corporation's
participating  employees  under  any profit-sharing plan that may be established
and  continued  by  the  Corporation  from  time  to  time.

(m)     "RIGHTS"  has  the  meaning  ascribed  thereto  in  paragraph  5.3(b).

(n)     "TERM"  has  the  meaning  ascribed  thereto  in  paragraph  2.1.

(o)     "TERMINATION  DATE"  means  the  date  of termination of the Executive's
employment,  whether  by  death  of  the  Executive,  by the Executive or by the
Corporation.

2.     EMPLOYMENT

2.1     TERM.  Subject  to  the  automatic  extension  discussed  below,  the
Corporation  shall employ the Executive for a period commencing on the Effective
Date  and  continuing  for  period  of  seven  years (the "TERM").  On the first
anniversary  of  the  date  hereof  and  on  each  anniversary  date  thereafter
(including  the  period during which this Agreement is extended), the Term shall
be  automatically  extended by one additional year unless, not less than 90 days
prior  to  any  such  anniversary,  the  Corporation gives written notice to the
Executive  that the Term will not be extended further, or unless the Executive's
employment  is  otherwise  terminated  hereunder.

2.2     DUTIES  AND  OBLIGATIONS.  The Executive shall serve the Corporation and
any  subsidiaries  of  the  Corporation in such capacity or capacities and shall
perform  such  duties  and exercise such powers pertaining to the management and
operation  of  the  Corporation  and  any  subsidiaries  and  associates  of the
Corporation  as may be determined from time to time by the board of directors of
the  Corporation  to  be  consistent  with  the  office  of the Executive and in
accordance  with  the  bylaws  of  the  Corporation.  Without  limitation of the
foregoing,  the  Executive  shall  occupy  the  office  of  President  and Chief
Executive  Officer  of  the  Corporation.  The  Executive  shall:

(a)     devote  his  full  time (which shall not be less than 35 hours per week)
and  attention and his best efforts during normal business hours to the business
and  affairs  of  the  Corporation;

(b)     perform  those  duties  that may reasonably be assigned to the Executive
diligently  and  faithfully  to the best of the Executive's abilities and in the
best  interests  of  the  Corporation;  and

(c)     use  his  best  efforts  to  promote  the  interests and goodwill of the
Corporation.

2.3     REPORTING.  The  Executive shall report to the person holding the office
of  Chairman  of the Board.  The Executive shall report fully on the management,
operations and business affairs of the Corporation and advise to the best of his
ability and in accordance with reasonable business standards on business matters
that  may  arise  from  time  to  time  during  the  Term.

3.     REMUNERATION

3.1     BASE  SALARY.  The  annual  base salary payable to the Executive for his
services  hereunder  for  the  first year of the term of this agreement shall be
$120,000 exclusive of bonuses, benefits and other compensation.  The annual base
salary  payable  to the Executive for his services hereunder for each successive
year  of  employment  hereunder,  exclusive  of  bonuses,  benefits  and  other
compensation,  shall increase by FIVE PERCENT (5%) of the annual base salary for
the immediately preceding year.  The annual base salary payable to the Executive
pursuant  to  the  provisions  of  this  paragraph  shall  be  payable  in equal
semi-monthly installments in arrears on the 1st and 15th day of each month or in
such  other  manner  as  may  be  mutually  agreed  upon, less, in any case, any
deductions  or  withholdings  required  by  law.

3.2     BENEFITS.  The  Corporation  shall  provide  the Executive with employee
benefits  comparable  to  those provided by the Corporation from time to time to
other  senior  executives  of  the  Corporation.

3.3     STOCK  PLANS.  The Corporation shall permit the Executive to participate
in  any  share option plan, share purchase plan, retirement plan or similar plan
offered  by  the  Corporation  from time to time to its senior executives in the
manner  and  to  the  extent  authorized  by  the  Board.

3.4     BONUS.  The  Board  of  Directors  may supplement the Executive's annual
salary  with  a  bonus  amount  to  be  determined  by the Board in its sole and
absolute  discretion, payable from the Corporation's General Profit Sharing Pool
within  three  months of the end of each fiscal year end of the Corporation, but
which  bonus  may  not  be  given  at  all  in  any  year.

3.5     DEDUCTIONS.  Salary  and  benefit payments under this agreement shall be
subject to such deductions as the Employer is from time to time required to make
pursuant  to  law,  government  regulations  or  by  consent  of  the  Employee.

3.6     VACATION.  The  Executive  shall be entitled to FOUR WEEKS paid vacation
per  fiscal  year  of  the  Corporation  at  a  time  approved in advance by the
Chairman,  which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld but shall take into
account the staffing requirements of the Corporation and the need for the timely
performance  of  the  Executive's  responsibilities.  In  the  event  that  the
Executive  does  not take all the vacation to which he is entitled in any fiscal
year,  such  vacation  may  be  carried forward into the subsequent fiscal year.

3.7     EXPENSES.  The  Executive  shall be reimbursed for all reasonable travel
and other out-of-pocket expenses actually and properly incurred by the Executive
from  time to time in connection with carrying out his duties hereunder. For all
such  expenses  the  Executive shall furnish to the Corporation originals of all
invoices  or  statements  in respect of which the Executive seeks reimbursement.

4.     TERMINATION

4.1     FOR  JUST  CAUSE.  The  Corporation  may terminate the employment of the
Executive  summarily  for  Just  Cause  without  notice.

4.2     DUE  TO  DEATH.  This  agreement shall terminate without notice upon the
death  of  the  Executive.

4.3     DUE  TO DISABILITY.  The Corporation may terminate the employment of the
Executive if the Executive becomes permanently disabled.  The Executive shall be
deemed to have become permanently disabled if because of ill health, physical or
mental  disability, or for other causes beyond the control of the Executive, the
Executive has been continuously unable or unwilling or has failed to perform the
Executive's  duties  for  120  consecutive  days,  or if, during any year of the
employment  period,  the Executive has been unable or unwilling or has failed to
perform  his  duties for a total of 180 days, consecutive or not.  The term "any
year  of the employment period" means any period of 12 consecutive months during
the  employment  period.

5.     SEVERANCE

5.1     JUST  CAUSE OR GOOD REASON.  If the Executive's employment is terminated
by  the  Corporation  for  just cause, or is terminated by the Executive without
Good  Reason,  the  Corporation  shall  pay to the Executive, if not theretofore
paid, the fraction of the Annual Salary earned by or payable to the Executive by
the  Corporation and its subsidiaries during the then current fiscal year of the
Corporation  for  the  period to and including the Termination Date, and neither
the  Corporation  nor  its subsidiaries shall have any further obligation to the
Executive  under  this  agreement.

5.2     DISABILITY.  If  the  Executive's  employment is terminated by reason of
permanent  disability,  the  Executive  shall  be entitled thereafter to receive
reasonable  termination and severance payments and allowances and disability and
other benefits in a manner consistent with and at least equal in amount to those
provided  by the Corporation to disabled senior executives of the Corporation in
accordance  with  such  plans,  programs and policies relating to disability, if
any,  as  are  in  effect  at  the  Termination  Date.

5.3     NOT  JUST  CAUSE,  GOOD REASON, DISABILITY OR DEATH.  If the Executive's
employment  is  terminated  by  the  Corporation  other  than  for  Just  Cause,
disability  or  death  or  is  terminated  by  the  Executive  for  Good Reason:

(a)     the Corporation shall pay to or to the order of the Executive by no more
than  two lump sum payments in cash or certified check within ten days after the
Termination  Date,  the  aggregate of the following amounts (less any deductions
required  by  law):

(i)     if  not  theretofore  paid,  the  Executive's Annual Salary for the then
current  fiscal  year  of  the  Corporation  for the period to and including the
Termination  Date;  and

(ii)     as  partial  compensation  for  the  Executive's loss of employment, an
amount  equal  to  the result obtained when the Annual Salary is multiplied by a
fraction,  the  numerator of which is the number of days between the Termination
Date  and the expiration of the Term, as extended hereunder, and the denominator
of  which  is  365;

(b)     if  the  Executive  holds  any  options,  rights,  warrants  or  other
entitlements  for  the  purchase  or acquisition of shares in the capital of the
Corporation  or  any  affiliate  thereof (collectively, "RIGHTS"), regardless of
whether such Rights may then be exercised or if Rights would have been issued to
the Executive had his employment not been terminated until the expiration of the
Term, as extended hereunder, and had the Executive been granted such Rights on a
basis  consistent  with  those extended to senior executives of the Corporation,
all  such  Rights  shall  then  be  deemed  to  be  granted to the Executive and
available  for  exercise and, if the Executive so elects by notice in writing to
the Corporation, such Rights shall be deemed to have been exercised at the price
provided  for  in  such  Rights  and  the  Executive  shall  be  deemed  to have
immediately  sold  the  securities arising from such exercise to the Corporation
for  the  fair  market  value  thereof  (which  in the event of dispute shall be
determined  within  30  days of the delivery of such notice at the Corporation's
expense  by  a  valuator  satisfactory to both the Corporation and the Executive
using  such  assumptions  or  methods as such valuator may think in its absolute
discretion  best  reflect  the  intention  of  this  clause  5.3(b),  and  such
determination  shall  be final and binding) and the Corporation shall pay to the
Executive,  in  the  manner  and  at the time contemplated by clause 5.3(a), the
difference  between  the  aggregate exercise price for such securities and their
deemed  acquisition  price  to  the  Corporation;

(c)     the Corporation shall pay, in the manner and at the time contemplated by
clause  5.3(a) above, an amount equal to the present value (as determined at the
Corporation's  expense  by  an  actuary  acceptable  to  the Corporation and the
Executive,  which  determination  shall  be  final  and  binding) of all pension
benefits as they existed at the Termination Date, whichever is more favorable to
the  Executive,  and  any employment and pension benefits to which the Executive
would  have  been  entitled had his employment continued until the expiration of
the  Term, as extended hereunder, and had his pension benefits been increased in
a  manner  consistent  with  that  for  senior  executives  of  the  Corporation
generally;

(d)     the  Corporation  shall pay to the Executive all outstanding and accrued
regular  and  special  vacation  pay  to  the  Termination  Date.

5.4     NO  PENALTY  OR  MITIGATION.  Any  payment  to the Executive pursuant to
Section  5 hereof is not intended and will not be of the nature of a penalty and
shall  be  considered  by  the  parties  as liquidated damages.  Notwithstanding
anything  to  the  contrary contained in this agreement, there shall be no duty,
obligation  or  requirement  on the Executive hereunder or otherwise to mitigate
the  amount  of  any  payment  provided for in Section 5 hereof by seeking other
employment  or  otherwise,  nor  shall  the amount of such payment be reduced by
reason  of  compensation  or  other  income  the Executive receives for services
rendered  after  the  termination  of  the  Executive's  employment.

6.     MISCELLANEOUS

6.1     NOTICE.  Any  notice  required  or  permitted  to  be  given  under this
agreement  shall  be in writing and shall be properly given if delivered by hand
or  mailed  by  prepaid  registered  mail  addressed:

in  the  case  of  the  Corporation,  to:

American Mining Corporation
16:1 Mill
P.O. Box 25
Silver Peak, Nevada  89047
Fax:  (888) 505-5808

in  the  case  of  the  Executive,  to  the last address of the Executive in the
records  of  the  Corporation  and  its  subsidiaries;

or  to such other address as the parties may from time to time specify by notice
given  in  accordance herewith. Any notice so given shall be conclusively deemed
to have been given or made on the day of delivery, if delivered, or if mailed by
registered  mail,  upon  the date shown on the postal return receipt as the date
upon  which  the  envelope  containing  such notice was actually received by the
addressee.

6.2     PRIVACY.  By  accepting  employment  with the Corporation, the Executive
consents  to  the  Corporation  collecting,  using  and  disclosing his personal
information  for  purposes  relating  to  the  maintenance  of  the  employment
relationship.  The  purposes of the Corporation's collection, use and disclosure
include,  but  are  not  limited  to:

(a)     ensuring  that the Executive is properly remunerated for his services to
the Corporation which shall include disclosure to third party payroll providers;

(b)     administering and/or facilitating the provision of any benefits to which
the  Executive is or may become entitled, including bonuses, benefits, pensions,
registered  retirement  savings  plans,  short,  medium  and long-term incentive
plans,  including  disclosure  of  the  Executive's  personal information to the
Corporation's  third  party  service  providers  and  administrators;

(c)     ensuring  that  the  Corporation  is able to comply with any regulatory,
reporting  and  withholding requirements relating to the Executive's employment;

(d)     performance  and  promotion;

(e)     complying  with  the  Corporation's  obligations  to  report improper or
illegal  conduct  by any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation
under  any  applicable  securities,  criminal  or  other  law;

(f)     allowing a potential purchase of the shares or assets of the Corporation
to  conduct  due  diligence  with  respect  to  employment  obligations  of  the
Corporation,  subject  to  compliance  with the treatment of such information as
required  by  applicable  legislation  respective  privacy;  and

(g)     any  other  purpose for which the Executive is given notice and which is
reasonably  related  to  the  maintenance  of  the  Executive's  employment
relationship.

6.3     NO  PRIOR  AGREEMENTS.  There are no statements or representations, oral
or  otherwise,  express  or  implied, with respect to the employment opportunity
offered to the Executive that form part of this agreement, other than those that
are  set  forth expressly in this agreement. This agreement supersedes any prior
representations,  statements  or  agreements  with respect to the subject-matter
hereof  and  the  employment  opportunity  offered to the Executive. The parties
agree  that  any  such prior representations, statements or agreements, if made,
were  not  material  to  the  execution of this agreement, or to the decision of
either  party  to  enter  into  this  agreement.

6.4     DISCLOSURE.  During  the employment period, the Executive shall promptly
disclose  to  the  Chairman  full information concerning any interest, direct or
indirect,  of  the  Executive  (as  owner, stockholder, partner, lender or other
investor, director, officer, employee, consultant or otherwise) or any member of
his family in any business that is reasonably known to the Executive to purchase
or  otherwise  obtain services or products from, or to sell or otherwise provide
services or products to the Corporation or to any of its suppliers or customers.

6.5     RETURN  OF  MATERIALS.  All  files,  forms, brochures, books, materials,
written  correspondence, memoranda, documents, manuals, computer disks, software
products  and  lists  (including  lists  of  customers,  suppliers, products and
prices) pertaining to the business of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries
or  Affiliates  that  may  come  into the possession or control of the Executive
shall  at all times remain the property of the Corporation or such subsidiary or
Affiliate, as the case may be.  On termination of the Executive's employment for
any  reason,  the  Executive  shall deliver promptly to the Corporation all such
property  of  the  Corporation  that is in the possession of the Executive or is
directly  or  indirectly under the control of the Executive. The Executive shall
not  make  reproductions or copies of any such property or other property of the
Corporation  for  his  personal  use  or  that  of  any  other  party.

6.6     LEGAL  EXPENSES.  The  Corporation  shall  pay,  without  requiring  the
Executive  first to pay such fees and expenses, all legal fees and expenses that
the  Executive,  the Executive's legal representatives or the Executive's family
may reasonably incur or face arising out of or in connection with this agreement
(but  this  agreement only), including any litigation concerning the validity or
enforceability  of,  or  liability under, any provision of this agreement or any
action  by  the  Executive,  the  Executive's  legal  representatives  or  the
Executive's family to enforce his or their rights under this agreement (but this
agreement  only),  regardless  of  the  outcome  of  such  litigation,  and  the
Corporation  agrees  to  pay interest, compounded quarterly, on the total unpaid
amount  payable  under  this agreement, such interest to be calculated at a rate
equal  to TWO PERCENT (2%) in excess of the prime commercial annual lending rate
for  Canadian  dollar demand loans announced from time to time by THE ROYAL BANK
OF  CANADA  during  the  period  of  such  nonpayment.

6.7     NO ASSIGNMENT.  This agreement is not assignable by either party without
the  consent  in  writing  of the other party, which consent may be unreasonably
withheld;  provided  that, the Corporation may assign this agreement without the
Executive's  consent  to an Affiliate of the Corporation if the Affiliate offers
comparable  employment  and  no  material  prejudice to the Executive, including
diminution  of  responsibilities,  results  from  such  assignment.

6.8     SUCCESSORS.  This agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit
of  the  successors  and  assigns  of  the Corporation and the heirs, executors,
personal  legal representatives and permitted assigns of the Executive.  Without
limiting  the  generality  of  the  foregoing, the Corporation shall require any
successor  (whether  direct  or  indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or
otherwise)  to  all  or  substantially  all  of  the  business  or assets of the
Corporation, to expressly assume and agree to perform the obligations under this
agreement  in  the same manner and to the same extent that the Corporation would
be  required  to  perform  if  no  such  succession  had  taken  place.

6.9     AMENDMENT.  This  agreement  may  be  amended  only  by an instrument in
writing  signed  by  both  parties.

6.10     WAIVER.  No  amendments  to  this  agreement  shall be valid or binding
unless set forth in writing and duly executed by both of the parties hereto.  No
waiver  of  any  breach  of  any  term  or  provision of this agreement shall be
effective  or  binding unless made in writing and signed by the party purporting
to  give the same and, unless otherwise provided in the written waiver, shall be
limited  to  the  specific  breach  waived.

6.11     LEGAL  ADVICE.  The  Executive  hereby  represents  and warrants to the
Corporation  and  acknowledges  and  agrees  that:

(a)     he  has  read  and  understands  this  agreement;

(b)     he  had the opportunity to seek and was not prevented nor discouraged by
the Corporation from seeking independent legal advice prior to the execution and
delivery  of this agreement, and that in the event that he did not avail himself
of  that  opportunity  prior  to  signing  this agreement, he did so voluntarily
without  any  undue  pressure;  and

(c)     the  failure  by  the Executive to obtain independent legal advice shall
not be used by him as a defense to the enforcement of his obligations under this
agreement.

IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF  the  parties hereto have executed this agreement as of the
date  first  above  written.

AMERICAN MINING CORPORATION



By:/s/ Thomas Mills
Thomas Mills
President



/s/  Gary  MacDonald
GARY  MACDONALD

