









<PAGE>

Exhibit 10.84


May 29, 1997



Mr. Edward D. DiLuigi
5 Ternberry Court
Turnersville, NJ  08012

Dear Ed:

This is an offer of employment with Brown & Sharpe Manufacturing company as
follows:

1.  POSITION
Vice President and General Manager, Measuring Systems, USA, reporting to
me.

2.  SALARY
Your annual base salary will be at the rate of $175,000 to be paid in bi-
weekly installments.  Future adjustments will be based on an annual
performance review held at the close of each fiscal year.

3.  PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES
As your initial assignment, you will have full responsibility for all
activities of the U.S. Measuring Systems Division.  Once on board, you may
wish to restructure the organization, and I would expect you to make what
changes you feel are appropriate, including new hires.  The primary
objective is to develop new products, grow revenues, decrease costs,
improve profitability, and assure on-time delivery of products that meet
specified quality standards.  You will work closely with, and engage in
joint projects where appropriate, the General Managers of Commercial
Operations, Leitz and DEA.  This is a team effort.  You will work closely
with me on overall long-range planning and strategy for the Measuring
Systems business and the company.

As a corporate Vice President, you will be a member of the Planning and
Operating Committee, consisting of my direct reports.

4.  BONUS
Participation in the Brown & Sharpe Annual Profit Incentive Plan
administered by the Salary Committee of the Board of Directors.  You will
be eligible for a planned bonus of 30% of base salary each fiscal year.
Under exceptional performance conditions, this amount can reach 60% of base
salary.  This bonus award will be based both on your attainment of personal
objectives as well as the company's performance against annual corporate
targets.  You will receive a minimum pro rata bonus for seven months of
1997 at the planned rate of 30%.

5.  STOCK OPTIONS
Upon your employment by the company, you will be granted options to
purchase 30,000 shares of Brown & Sharpe stock under the company stock
option plan.  Such options will be exercisable at the price equal to the
closing price of the common stock on the date on which the Salary Committee
of the Board of Directors approves the grant of the stock option to you.
Fifty percent of the options vest after two years, twenty-five percent
after three years, and twenty-five percent after four years.

Page 14
<PAGE>

6.  SEVERANCE
It is understood that the employment relationship may be terminated with or
without cause by either party at any time.  Should the company terminate
your employment without cause, the company will continue to pay you at your
then-current base annual salary in monthly installments for one year
following the date of termination subject to your not competing with any
business of the company and its subsidiaries in any country the company is
then doing business.  This clause is subject to mitigation should you
accept another position within the twelve-month period.

7.  BENEFITS
You will be entitled to our standard officer level benefits.

8.  RETIREMENT PROGRAM
You will be included with a limited group of senior executives in the
"LTDICP" (Long Term Deferred Incentive Compensation Plan).  We will explain
the characteristics of this plan to you.

9.  RELOCATION
The company will reimburse you for all reasonable and necessary direct
expenses related to moving your household and personal belongings from your
current residence to a new home in the Providence area (including storage
for up to six months).  In addition, the company will cover reasonable
interim travel and appropriate living expenses for a point not to exceed
six months during the transition.  Our understanding is that you will
relocate as quickly as possible.

The company will pay you a lump sum of $50,000 as reimbursement for all of
the costs associated with your move intended to cover items including but
not limited to broker's fees, closing costs, losses on house sale, tax
gross-up, etc., at either end.

The company will pay you $1,400 per month for up to six months as the cost
associated with a bridge loan equivalent to the equity in your current home
should you encounter the necessity to close on your new home prior to the
sale of your existing home.

10.  SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN OWNERSHIP
In the event of a significant change in ownership, the above conditions
shall be binding and all unvested options of company stock shall vest
immediately.

11.  YOUR CURRENT STOCK OPTIONS
I understand you have 20,000 shares of options from your current employer,
which could vest in the September 1997 time frame, if the accelerated
vesting takes placed caused by the sale of your company.  In order to
incent you to join B&S now rather than waiting until the above scenario
plays out, B&S will pay you a signing bonus of $75,000 effective on your
start date and an additional amount that together with the $75,000 signing
bonus equals the amount of gain on the 20,000 shares of options that you
would have received had you remained with the company through March 31,
1998 payable over six months beginning on the date of the "sale
transaction."

Ed, I believe you have the skills, experience, intellect and energy which
will make you a key contributor to the success of Brown & Sharpe.  I have
thoroughly enjoyed our discussions and the chance to get to know you, and I am
confident we can work well together to build a world class operation.

Page 15
<PAGE>

This offer will expire one week from this date.  Please countersign this
letter, confirming your start date, and return it to me as soon as possible.  I
look forward to having you as a member of the management team at Brown & Sharpe.

Sincerely,


/s/ Frank T. Curtin
Frank T. Curtin

FTC:kv



Accepted:  /s/ Edward DiLuigi                     Date:  May 29, 1997
Edward DiLuigi

I intend to start my employment with Brown & Sharpe on June 30, 1997.

Page 16

