






exv99w1










Exhibit 99.1




FIRST AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT




THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT entered into as of May 23, 2005 (the
“Agreement”) by and between Commercial Metals Company, a Delaware corporation (the “Employer”), and
Murray R. McClean (the “Executive”) is made this 1st day of September, 2006.



RECITALS:




WHEREAS, the Employer and the Executive entered into the Agreement as of May 23, 2005; and



WHEREAS, the Employer and the Executive wish to amend the Agreement in recognition of
Executive’s promotion to the position of Chief Executive Officer of the Employer effective
September 1, 2006; and



WHEREAS, the Executive desires to be employed by the Employer as Chief Executive Officer in
addition to continuing in his position as President while relinquishing the position of Chief
Operating Officer, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement as hereby amended.



NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the
Employer and Executive agree to amend the Agreement as follows:



Sections 1. Purpose, 4. Duties and Responsibilities and 5.(a) Salary are
hereby omitted in their entirety and the following revised Sections 1., 4., and 5.(a) substituted
therefore:



1. Purpose. The purpose of this Agreement is to formalize the terms and
conditions of Executive’s employment with Employer as President and Chief Executive Officer. This
Agreement cannot be amended except by a writing signed by both Parties.



4. Duties and Responsibilities. Upon execution of this Agreement, Executive shall
diligently render his services to Employer as President and Chief Executive Officer in accordance
with Employer’s directives, and shall use his best efforts and good faith in accomplishing such
directives. Executive shall report to the Board of Directors of the Company. Executive agrees to
devote his full-time efforts, abilities, and attention (defined to mean not normally less than
forty (40) hours/week) to the business of Employer, and shall not engage in any activities which
will interfere with such efforts.



5. (a) Salary. Executive shall receive an annual base salary of Six hundred thousand dollars
($600,000.00) during the term of this Agreement. This salary may be increased at the sole
discretion of the Compensation Committee of Employer’s Board of Directors, but cannot be decreased
without Executive’s written consent.



Furthermore all references to the Agreement to the term “Discretionary Bonus” shall be changed
to “Bonus” and all references to the “Employer’s
Board of Directors” or “Board of Directors” shall
be changed to the “Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors”.



Except to the extent specifically amended as provided herein, the Agreement is in all respects
ratified and confirmed, and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall be and remain in
full force and effect for any and all purposes. From and after the date of this First Amendment,
any and all references to the Agreement shall refer to the Agreement as hereby amended.



















IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this First Amendment to be duly executed as
of the date first above written.




/s/ Murray R. McClean

MURRAY R. McCLEAN







COMMERCIAL METALS COMPANY




BY:
/s/ Robert R. Womack





ROBERT R. WOMACK



Chairman of the Compensation
Committee of the Board of Directors




BY:
/s/ Stanley A. Rabin





STANLEY A. RABIN



Chairman of the Board of Directors












