






Ex-10.5 Employment Agreement Waiver










EXHIBIT 10.5




WAIVER OF CERTAIN EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT ENTITLEMENTS




THIS WAIVER OF CERTAIN EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT ENTITLEMENTS (this “Agreement”) is dated as of
June 14, 2005 (the “Effective Date”) by and between ROBERT J. LANDIS (hereinafter referred to as
the “Executive”), and COMPREHENSIVE CARE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (hereinafter referred
to as the “Corporation”).



R E C I T A L S




WHEREAS, the parties entered into that certain Employment Agreement dated effective February
7, 2003, as amended by that certain First Amendment dated as of the Effective Date (collectively,
the “Employment Agreement”);



WHEREAS, the Corporation has entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the
Effective Date (the “Purchase Agreement”), pursuant to which the Corporation will issue to
Woodcliff Healthcare Investment Partners, LLC (the “Investor”), 14,400 shares of the Corporation’s
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, $50.00 par value per share (“Series A Preferred Stock”) in
exchange for $3,600,000.00 in cash, which represents a purchase price of $250.00 per share, as well
as shares of the Corporation’s common stock, par value $0.01 per share, upon any exercise of the
put options by the Corporation on the terms and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement
(collectively, the “Private Offering”);



WHEREAS, in conjunction with the Private Offering, the Corporation desires that Executive
waive any entitlements the Executive may receive in the Event of a Change of Control from the
Corporation and any entitlements the Executive may have to a Special Transaction Bonus as described
hereinbelow; and



WHEREAS, this waiver of certain of the Executive’s rights pursuant to his Employment Agreement
is being delivered as a condition to the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase
Agreement in favor of the Investor and as partial consideration for the Investor’s purchase of the
Series A Preferred Stock; and



WHEREAS, Executive agrees to waive said entitlements.



NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter specified, and other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by each
party, it is agreed as follows:



1. Recitals; Defined Terms. The recital clauses set forth hereinabove are true and
correct and are incorporated herein by this reference. Except as expressly provided herein to the
contrary, all capitalized terms utilized in this Agreement that are not defined in this Agreement
shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Employment Agreement.



2. Waiver of Change of Control Entitlements. The parties acknowledge that Article VI
of the Employment Agreement states that, in the event of a Change of Control as described therein,
(i) the Executive, in his sole discretion, may elect to terminate his employment at any time within
one (1) year following the Change in Control and upon his election to terminate his employment, the
Corporation is obligated to pay to Executive a Severance Benefit or (ii) in the event that
Executive does not elect to terminate his employment within one year following a Change in Control
and during such one year period or at any time thereafter during the unexpired term of this
Agreement and (i) his employment is terminated by the Company for reasons other than cause, as
defined herein, or (ii) though not terminated by the Company, Executive’s duties and
responsibilities are materially curtailed or diminished from those prevailing immediately preceding
the time of the Change in Control, and following such material



















curtailment or diminution, Executive elects to terminate his employment irrespective of
whether or not the term of this Agreement shall have expired, then the Company shall pay to the
Executive a severance benefit equal to the greater of the Executive’s Base Salary for the unexpired
portion of the term or an amount equal to two times the amount of Executive’s Base Salary [all of
the remuneration and benefits described in clauses (i) and (ii) of this sentence hereinafter
referred to as the (“Change of Control Entitlements”)]. In consideration of the Corporation’s
amending Executive’s Employment Agreement in connection with the Private Offering, and other good
and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by the
Executive, the Executive hereby waives, releases, forfeits and relinquishes any and all right,
claim, title and interest in and to the Change of Control Entitlements, and agrees that the
Corporation and its officers, directors, employees, stockholders, agents, successors and assigns
shall have no obligation to make payment of or provision for the Change of Control Entitlements in
such case.




3. Waiver of Special Transaction Bonus. The parties acknowledge that Article VIII of
the Employment Agreement states that, upon the consummation of a Special Transaction, as described
therein, the Corporation is obligated to pay to the Executive a Special Transaction Bonus equal to
1% of the Special Transaction Value in excess of $5 million [all of the remuneration and benefits
described in this sentence hereinafter referred to as the (“Bonus Entitlements”)]. In
consideration of the Corporation’s amending Executive’s Employment Agreement in connection with the
Private Offering, and other good and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which is
hereby acknowledged by the Executive, the Executive hereby waives, releases, forfeits and
relinquishes any and all right, claim, title and interest in and to the Bonus Entitlements, and
agrees that the Corporation and its officers, directors, employees, stockholders, agents,
successors and assigns shall have no obligation to make payment of or provision for the Bonus
Entitlements in such case.



4. Term. The parties acknowledge and agree that Executive’s waiver of rights to the
Change of Control Entitlements and Bonus Entitlements shall only be effective through November 30,
2007 (which date is the expiration date of the first renewal term under the Employment Agreement).
If Executive’s Employment Agreement is extended for a second renewal, Executive’s waiver of the
above rights shall no longer be effective.



5. Binding; Specific Performance. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to
the benefit of, the parties hereto and the respective legal and personal representatives, heirs,
successors and assigns of the parties hereto. The parties hereby declare that it is impossible to
measure in money the damages that will accrue to a party hereto by reason of failure of the other
party to perform any of their obligations under this Agreement. Therefore, if any party shall
institute any action or proceeding to enforce the provisions hereof, the defendant or defendants
against whom the action or proceeding is brought hereby waive the claim or defense therein that
such a party has an adequate remedy at law, and such party shall not urge in any action or
proceeding the claim or defense that a remedy at law exists.



6. Governing Laws. This Agreement shall be subject to, governed by, and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Florida.



7. Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury. THE CORPORATION AND EXECUTIVE WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL
BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING BASED UPON, OR RELATED TO, THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS
AGREEMENT. THIS WAIVER IS KNOWINGLY, INTENTIONALLY, AND VOLUNTARILY MADE BY EACH PARTY AND EACH
PARTY EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT NEITHER THE OTHER PARTY NOR ANY PERSON ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE
OTHER PARTY HAS MADE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OF FACT TO INDUCE THIS WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY OR IN ANY
WAY TO MODIFY OR NULLIFY ITS EFFECT. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES TO THE OTHER THAT IT HAS READ AND
UNDERSTANDS THE MEANING AND EFFECT OF THIS WAIVER PROVISION.



2















8. Severability. If for any reason any provision of this Agreement is held invalid,
such invalidity shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement not held invalid, and all
such other provisions shall continue in full force and effect. If any provision of this Agreement
shall be held invalid in part, such invalidities shall in no way affect the rest of such provision
not held so invalid, and the rest of such provision, together with all other provisions of this
Agreement, shall to the full extent consistent with law, continue in full force and effect.



9. Notices. Any notice or communication given pursuant hereto by any party shall be
in writing and hand delivered or mailed by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to the
party at the address set forth below or to such other address as a party may designate by written
notice given to the other party in accordance with this provision.



10. Headings. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for
convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part hereof.



11. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including the other documents referred to
herein which form a part hereof, contains the entire understanding of the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter contained herein and supersedes all prior agreements and
understandings between the parties with respect to such subject matter.



12. Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by instrument in
writing signed by all of the parties.



13. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, by
facsimile signature or otherwise, each of which shall be an original but all of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.



[Signature Page to Follow]




3


















IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement, effective the date
first set forth above.




EXECUTIVE:


ROBERT J. LANDIS


/s/ Robert J. Landis

Robert J. Landis


Address: 204 South Hoover Blvd., Suite 200
Tampa, FL 33609


CORPORATION:


COMPREHENSIVE CARE CORPORATION, a
Delaware corporation




By:
/s/ Mary Jane Johnson





Mary Jane Johnson, Chief Executive Officer


Address: 204 South Hoover Blvd., Suite 200
Tampa, FL 33609






Acknowledged and Agreed




WOODCLIFF HEALTHCARE INVESTMENT PARTNERS, LLC





By:

/s/ Nicholas Lewin

Nicholas Lewin, Managing Member







4




