






Ex-10.6 Employment Agreement Amendment










EXHIBIT 10.6




AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT




THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made and entered
into as of June 14, 2005, by and between COMPREHENSIVE CARE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation
(the “Employer”), and ROBERT J. LANDIS, an individual residing in the State of Florida (the
“Executive”). Hereinafter, the Employer and the Executive are sometimes referred to
individually as a “Party” and together as the “Parties.”



W I T N E S S E T H:




WHEREAS, the Parties have entered into an Employment Agreement, dated effective February 1,
2003, pursuant to which the Executive is employed as the Chairman, Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer of the Employer (the “Employment Agreement”); and



WHEREAS, the Parties desire to hereby amend the Employment Agreement in the manner specified
herein.



NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties
hereto agree as follows:



1. Definitions. All capitalized terms appearing in this Agreement and defined in the
Employment Agreement shall have the definitions ascribed thereto in the Employment Agreement,
unless otherwise specifically provided for herein.



2. Amendment to Article XI. Article XI of the Employment Agreement is hereby
amended by deleting said section in its entirety and replacing it with the following:





This Agreement shall have an initial term commencing February 1, 2003 and terminating
on May 31, 2006. This Agreement shall be automatically renewed and extended on its same
terms and conditions for up to two consecutive eighteen month periods unless either party
gives written notice to the other at least six months prior to the initial termination date
or renewal termination date, as the case may be, of its intention not to renew. In the
event that the Company notifies Executive of its intent not to renew this Agreement, the
Company agrees to pay to Executive, upon the expiration of this Agreement without renewal,
a lump sum severance payment equal to two (2) years Base Salary. In addition, and
commencing upon the expiration of this Agreement without renewal, the Company shall, at its
expense, continue to provide Executive with his existing healthcare insurance coverage for
18 months or such shorter period that the Company may legally continue Executive’s
healthcare insurance, in which case the Company shall reimburse Executive for the cost of
comparable healthcare insurance coverage for Executive and his dependents for the period
commencing the time of termination or discontinuance of Executive’s existing healthcare
insurance and 18 months following Executive’s separation from the Company. However, no such
entitlement will continue once Executive has coverage through another employer or has been
added onto coverage available through his spouse’s employer if applicable.



1















3. Amendment to Article XII. Article XII of the Employment Agreement is hereby
amended by deleting said section in its entirety and replacing it with the following:




In the event that the Executive becomes totally disabled so that he is unable or
prevented from substantially performing his usual duties as set forth in Article III
hereunder after sixty (60) days following a triggering event, he will be considered
terminated without cause as defined under Article XIII (C). Full salary and benefits will
continue during the sixty (60) day period. The obligation of the Company to make the
aforesaid payments shall be modified and reduced and the Company shall receive a credit for
all disability insurance payments which Executive may receive or to which he may become
entitled; provided, however, that the premiums for such disability insurance had been paid
by the Company or had been reimbursed to Executive by the Company.



4. Amendments to Article XIII(C). In Article XIII, Section (C) of the Employment
Agreement, in the last sentence, the words “curtailment or diminution of the Executive’s duties and
responsibilities” are hereby deleted and replaced with “or total disability as defined in Article
XII herein.”



5. Amendment to Article XIII(D). Article XIII is hereby amended by adding the
following language as Section (D) of said article:




(D) In the event the Company materially curtails or diminishes Executive’s duties and
responsibilities, Executive may elect to voluntarily terminate his employment after
providing at least sixty (60) days notice of his intent to do so, regardless of whether the
term of this Agreement shall have expired. Materiality, for purposes of this paragraph,
shall include, but not be limited to, inserting an employee between Executive and the Board
of Directors, or between Executive and his direct reports, or excluding Executive from the
strategic planning process. In the event Executive’s employment is terminated under the
terms of this paragraph, he will receive a severance benefit equal to the greater of the
Executive’s Base Salary for the unexpired term of the Agreement, or an amount equal to two
times the amount of Executive’s Base Salary, whichever is greater.



6. Miscellaneous. Except as specifically set forth in this Agreement, all of the
terms and provisions of the Employment Agreement shall continue to remain in full force and effect.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be
an original, and all of which together shall constitute one document. This Agreement, together
with the Employment Agreement, contains the final, complete, and exclusive expression of the
Parties’ understanding and agreement concerning the matters contemplated herein and supersedes any
prior or contemporaneous agreement of representation, oral or written, among them.



2















IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement on
the day and year first written above.




COMPREHENSIVE CARE CORPORATION	 	 	 	ROBERT J. LANDIS


By:

/s/ Mary Jane Johnson
By:
/s/ Robert J. Landis




Name: Mary Jane Johnson	 	 	 	 	 	Robert J. Landis, individually
Title: President and Chief Executive Officer







3





