







exh10_62.htm


EXHIBIT
10.62
















April 23, 2008







Mr. Dale
Heins

17 Babler
Lane

St.
Louis, MO 63124




RE:
Employment




Dear
Dale:




I am
pleased to confirm your appointment as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of CPI Corp. and Consumer Programs Incorporated (the “Company”),
effective as of April 19, 2008, on the following terms and
conditions:



1.    Duties.  Under the
direction of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, your duties and
responsibilities will be that of a lead executive of the Company including
helping plan, implement and achieve the strategies and goals of the Company as
reviewed and established by the Board of Directors.



2.    Base Cash Salary.  Your base
cash salary will be $235,000 annually. Your base cash salary will be reviewed
with you no less than annually and may be increased from time to time by the
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors.



3.    Annual Bonus.
You will be eligible to participate in the Performance Incentive Plan of the
Company as a key executive of the Company.  It is anticipated that any
payment due you under this plan will be paid substantially in Restricted Shares
with annual vesting as determined by the Compensation Committee of the
Board.



4.    Access, Equipment and
Expenses.  CPI will provide access to its computer equipment
and systems and will reimburse you for expenses incurred in the course of
performing your duties, subject to your submission of invoices or other
customary proof of expense.



5.    Other
Benefits.  As a CPI executive, you will generally be entitled
to continue participating in other active benefit plans and programs on the same
terms as the other executives in the Company.  These benefits
currently include:







a.


401(k)
Plan:  This qualified plan allows employees to contribute up to
25% of base salary annually.  The company matches 50% of
employee contributions up to a maximum of 5% of salary in common
stock.







































b.


Health/Disability:
The Company's benefit plan provides for competitive health care coverage
and short-term disability insurance.  Employee premiums are
adjusted annually.    Long-term disability insurance
is also available.















c.


Life
Insurance: Key managers of the Company are eligible for life insurance
equal to two times annual base salary to a maximum benefit of
$400,000.  Once per year, the key managers are offered an option
to convert group term insurance in excess of $50,000 to a permanent cash
value policy.  Contributions that the Company would have paid on
the term life premiums are paid towards the permanent insurance premium,
and the key manager pays the
balance.
















d.

Vacation: You will be entitled to five weeks of paid
vacation per year.






6.    Termination and
Severance.   If your employment is terminated by the Company
without Cause at any time, you shall be entitled to a severance amount equal to
one year’s base salary, payable in a lump sum, provided you execute and deliver
a release of all claims arising from or related to your employment and the
termination of your employment in a form satisfactory to the
Company.  If your employment is terminated for any other reason, you
will be entitled to no benefits, except as provided by law or under the specific
terms of the Company’s benefit programs in which you are then
participating.  “Cause” as used herein shall mean any of the
following:  (i) an act committed, after the date of this Agreement, in
bad faith and to the detriment of the Company or any of its affiliates, (ii)
refusal or failure to act in substantial accordance with any written material
direction or order of the Company, (iii) repeated unfitness or unavailability
for service, disregard of the Company’s rules or policies after reasonable
notice and opportunity to cure, or misconduct, but not incapacity, (iv) entry of
a final order of judgment affirming the conviction of a crime involving
dishonesty, breach of trust, or physical or emotional harm to any person, (v)
any breach or threatened breach of Sections 7, 8, 9 or 10 of this Agreement, or
(vi) material breach or violation of any other provision of this Agreement or of
any other contractual obligation to the Company or any of its
affiliates.





7.    Insider Status.
As a key executive of the Company, you will be considered an “insider” subject
to SEC reporting of all stock transactions and to pre-clearance of all
transactions through the Company’s General Counsel.



8.    Confidentiality.
You will maintain in confidence all non-public information you learn
about the
Company and its business, including strategies, plans, prospects and financial,
employee, vendor and customer information.  You will not use, copy or
disclose any such information except as necessary to perform the functions of
your job or with the prior consent of the company.



9.    Non-Compete and
Non-Solicitation.   It is agreed that you will not be employed
directly by or act in an advisory role for any direct competitor of the Company
during the period of your employment and for a period of one year from the date
of termination.






























10.    Work for
Hire.   As an employee, you agree that your ideas,
concepts, graphics, creative or other products of your work will be owned by the
Company, and you agree to acknowledge the Company’s ownership in writing upon
request from the Company.




Please
acknowledge your agreement to the terms set forth above by signing one copy of
this letter in the space provided below and returning a signed original to
me.












Sincerely,





By:


/s/Jane
E. Nelson
Jane
E. Nelson
Secretary
and General Counsel


















Accepted
this 23rd day of April, 2008




/s/Dale
Heins

________________________________

Dale
Heins


























