











AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO EMPLOYMENT  AGREEMENT (the "Amendment") is made
as of September 22, 2000, by and among EVANS & SUTHERLAND COMPUTER  CORPORATION,
a Utah corporation (the "Company"), and Robert Ard, an individual ("Executive").


RECITALS:


WHEREAS,  on May 16,  2000,  Company and  Executive  entered  into that
certain Employment Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Annex I (the
"Employment Agreement"); and

WHEREAS, Company and Executive desire to amend the Employment Agreement
as provided in this Amendment.

NOW,  THEREFORE,  for good and valuable  consideration,  the receipt of
which is hereby acknowledged, Company and Executive agree as follows:

1.   Definition of "Gross Income." Section 1(n) of the Employment Agreement
is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

"(n) "Gross Income" shall mean the Executive's  current  calendar year
targeted  compensation  (base salary plus cash bonus),  plus any other
compensation  payable to the  Executive  by the  Company  for the same
period, whether taxable or non-taxable;

2.   Termination  Payment.  Sections 13(a)-(c) of the Employment  Agreement
are hereby deleted in their entirety and replaced with the following:

"(a) If the Executive's  employment is terminated as a result of death
or  disability,  the  lump  sum  Termination  Payment  payable  to the
Executive shall be equal to the Executive's Gross Income.  The Company
will pay the full medical, dental and vision premiums for continuation
coverage  under COBRA for the Executive and dependents who qualify for
continuation   coverage   under  COBRA  for  one  year  following  the
Termination Date.

(b) If the  Executive's  employment is terminated by the Executive for
Good  Reason  or by the  Company  for any  reason  other  than  death,
disability or Cause, the Termination  Payment payable to the Executive
by the Company or an  affiliate  of the Company  shall be equal to the
Executive's  Gross  Income.  The  Company  will pay the full  medical,
dental and vision premiums for  continuation  coverage under COBRA for
the Executive and  dependents  who qualify for  continuation  coverage
under COBRA for one year following the Termination Date
<PAGE>

(c) If, during a Change of Control Period, the Executive's  employment
is  terminated  by the Executive for Good Reason or by the Company for
any reason other than death,  Disability,  or Cause,  the  Termination
Payment payable to the Executive by the Company or an affiliate of the
Company shall be two (2.0) times the  Executive's  Gross  Income.  The
Company  will pay the full  medical,  dental and vision  premiums  for
continuation  coverage under COBRA and, after  expiration of the COBRA
continuation  period,  for  conversion  coverage for the Executive and
dependents who qualify for  continuation  coverage under COBRA for two
(2) years following the Termination Date."

3.   No Other  Amendment.  Except as  expressly  amended  pursuant  to this
Amendment,  the terms of the Employment Agreement shall remain in full
force and effect.

4.   Counterparts.   This   Amendment  may  be  executed  in  one  or  more
counterparts,  each of which  shall be deemed an  original  and all of
which together shall constitute one and the same document.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the Company  Executive have executed and delivered
this Amendment as of the day and year first above written.

EVANS & SUTHERLAND COMPUTER
CORPORATION
a Utah corporation



/s/ James R. Oyler
James R. Oyler
President and CEO


Robert Ard
an individual



/s/ Robert Ard
Robert Ard


<PAGE>


ANNEX I

Employment Agreement



