






exh10-1.htm











Exhibit
10.1



FOURTH
AMENDMENT TO

THE
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

OF
BRAD LEUSCHNER




This
Fourth Amendment to the Employment
Agreement of Brad Leuschner, made this 20th
of
December, 2007, is by and between:




ICO,
Inc., a Texas corporation with offices at 1811 Bering Drive, Suite 200, Houston,
Texas 77057 (“Employer”); and




Brad
Leuschner, a Texas resident
(“Employee”).




WHEREFORE,
Employee and Employer are
parties to an Employment Agreement dated February 15, 2001, and amended by
amendments dated July 31, 2002, October 31, 2002, and April 25, 2007
(collectively the “Employment Agreement”), and the parties desire to further
amend the terms of the Employment Agreement as set forth herein.




NOW,
THEREFORE, the parties agree as
follows:




1.
The following amendment to the Employment Agreement becomes effective January
11, 2008: Section 1 of the Employment Agreement (which section is entitled
“Nature and Place
of
Employment”) is amended and superseded by the following:




“During
the Employment Period, Employee shall be engaged as the Financial Officer and
Treasurer of the Company.  In such position, Employee shall have such
duties and authority as are reasonably accorded and expected of a Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer, consistent with the bylaws of the Company,
and
shall have such other duties and authority as shall be reasonably determined
from time to time by the Company’s Board of Directors.”




2.
The following amendment to the Employment Agreement becomes effective January
1,
2008: The first sentence in Section 4 of the Employment Agreement (which section
is entitled “Compensation”) is
amended and superseded by the following:




“For
the
services to be rendered to Company pursuant to this Agreement, Company shall
pay
Employee a salary in the amount of Two Hundred and Sixteen Thousand Dollars
and
no/100 ($216,000.00) per annum (“Base Salary”), less all required deductions,
including but not limited to federal withholding, social security, and other
taxes, which salary shall be payable bi-weekly on the Company’s regular payroll
schedule.





























3.
Effective January 1, 2008, the following provision is added as paragraph 7.d
of
the agreement (in the Section entitled “Termination”):






“d.
Termination following
a Change of Control:



i.
For the purposes of this Employment Agreement, "Change of Control"
means any of the following events: (i) a merger, share exchange or
consolidation in which the Company will not be the surviving entity (or survives
only as a subsidiary of an entity), (ii) the sale or exchange by the
Company all or substantially all of its assets to any other person or entity,
(iii) the acquisition of ownership or control (including, without
limitation, power to vote) by any person or entity, including a "group" as
contemplated by Section 13(d)(3) of the 1934 Act, of more than 50% of the
outstanding shares of the Company's voting stock (based upon voting power);
provided, however,
that a
Change of Control will not include (A) any reorganization, merger,
consolidation, sale, exchange, or similar transaction, which involves solely
the
Company and one or more entities wholly-owned, directly or indirectly, by the
Company immediately prior to such event; or (B) the consummation of any
transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which
the
record holders of the voting stock of the Company immediately prior to such
transaction or series of transactions continue to hold 50% or more of the voting
stock (based upon voting power) of (1) any entity that owns, directly or
indirectly, the stock of the Company, (2) any entity with which the Company
has
merged, or (3) any entity that owns an entity with which the Company has
merged.



ii.
A “COC Termination” shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) there is a Change of
Control during the Term (or any mutual extension thereof), and (ii) within
the
twelve (12) month period immediately following the Change of Control (but still
within the Term (or any mutual extension thereof) (A) the Employee’s employment
terminates for any reason other than the circumstances described in Sections
7.a, 7.b or 7.c of the Employment Agreement; (B) Employee is required to
relocate outside the Houston, Texas metropolitan area in order to continue
his
employment and elects to resign than relocate; (C) Employee is required to
commute to a location outside the Houston, Texas metropolitan area and elects
to
resign rather than so commute; (D) Employee’s Base Salary is materially reduced
or any other material benefit of the Employee’s employment is materially reduced
and Employee elects to resign rather than to continue employment with such
compensation and benefits; or (E) there is any material diminution of Employee’s
job description, job role, responsibilities, and/or scope of position and
Employee elects to resign rather than to continue employment in such
position.  In the event of a COC Termination, the Company or successor
in interest shall be obligated to pay employee, within thirty (30) days after
the date of termination of Employee’s employment (“Termination Date”), and after
Employee’s execution of a full release of all claims against the Company
(excluding only claims for benefits and payments to be payable after Termination
Date under any of the Company’s health or welfare plans, and claims for
indemnification against third parties pursuant to Article 7 of the Amended
and




























Restated
Bylaws of ICO, Inc., as amended October 5, 2001), an “Early Termination Payment”
equal to Employee’ current annual Base Salary.



iii.  For
the avoidance of doubt, it is noted that in the event that Employee is entitled
to and receives an Early Termination Payment, he shall not be entitled to an
additional payment pursuant to Section 7.b of the Employment Agreement.






4.
All terms and conditions in the Employment Agreement that are not amended or
supplemented pursuant to paragraphs 1, 2, or 3 above continue to be in full
force and effect between Employee and ICO, Inc.




AGREED
AND ACCEPTED:




ICO,
INC.






By:


/s/
A. John Knapp, Jr.


/s/
Brad Leuschner



Printed
Name:


A.
John Knapp, Jr.


BRAD
LEUSCHNER



Title:


President
and CEO









