
















Dated as of January 30, 2007







Bruce R. Foster
1414 Avenue
of the Americas
New York, New York 10019



Re: Employment
Agreement



Dear Bruce:



I
refer you to your Employment Agreement dated December 1, 2005 (the “Employment
Agreement”) with 4Kids Entertainment Licensing, Inc. (“Employer”).



This
letter hereby amends the Employment Agreement as follows:



1.
Paragraph 2 (a) of your Employment Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety
and replaced by the following:



“(a)
The term of Employee’s employment hereunder (“Term”) shall
commence on December 1, 2005 and shall continue until December 31, 2009 unless
terminated as provided in Paragraph 10 of this Agreement.”



2.
Paragraph 2 (b) of your Employment Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety
and replaced by the following:












“(b)
At least three (3) months prior to the end of the Term, the Parties shall
begin discussions with respect to the possible extension of the Term of this Agreement. If
prior to December 31, 2009, Employer does not offer to extend the Term for at least one
(1) year on the same terms and conditions as set forth herein and this Agreement
terminates on December 31, 2009, Employer shall pay Employee a severance benefit equal to
three (3) weeks salary for each full year of service (pro-rated for any partial years of
service) based on Employee’s annual salary in effect for the last calendar year that
Employee rendered services to Employer (“Severance Benefit”). Employer’s
payment to Employee of the Severance Benefit shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of Paragraph 3(b) below.”















3.
Paragraph 3 (a) of your Employment Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety
and replaced by the following:











“(a)

Salary. As compensation for Employee’s services during the December
1, 2005 through December 31, 2006 period of the Term, Employer shall pay
Employee a salary at the rate of Three Hundred Fifty Thousand ($350,000) per
year. As compensation for Employee’s services during the January 1, 2007
through December 31, 2009 period of the Term, Employer shall pay Employee a
salary at the rate of Five Hundred Fifty Thousand ($550,000) per year. The
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of 4Kids (“Compensation
Committee”) shall have the right, but not the obligation, to provide
Employee with salary increases, from time to time, in the sole discretion of the
Compensation Committee.











4.
Paragraph 3 (f) of your Employment Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety.



5.
Paragraph 4 (a) of your Employment Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety
and replaced by the following:












“(a)

During the December 1, 2005 through December 31, 2006 period of the Term,
Employee shall be eligible to participate in the bonus pool established by the
Compensation Committee (the “Bonus Pool”), which Bonus Pool shall be
based upon a percentage designated by the Compensation Committee of the profit
before tax of 4Kids and subsidiaries. The Compensation Committee and the CEO of
4Kids, in their sole and absolute discretion, shall determine the amount of the
Bonus Pool, if any, to be awarded to Employee based upon Employee’s
performance during the calendar year in question. Commencing with
Employer’s 2006 fiscal year, in addition to the salary specified in
Paragraph 3 (a), Employee shall be entitled to receive an annual cash bonus for
each full fiscal year or portion of a fiscal year during the Term based upon
such quantitative and qualitative criteria as shall be established by the
Compensation Committee in its sole discretion, in connection with
Employer’s business plan, if any, for such fiscal year, and as such
business plan may be amended from time to time.”










6.
Paragraph 10 (f) (i) of the Employment Agreement is hereby deleted in its
entirety and replaced by the following:



“(f)
(i) If during the Term, there shall occur a Change of Control (as defined
below), Employee may, within six (6) months after the occurrence of the Change
of Control, voluntarily terminate his employment in which case Employee shall be
entitled to receive a payment equal to 2.99 times his average annual
compensation (including bonuses) paid by Employer during the three (3) calendar
years prior to the Change of Control. Such payment shall be made to Employee in
a lump sum as of the date that Employee voluntarily terminates his employment as
provided in this Paragraph 10 (f).”









7.
Paragraph 10 (f) (iii) of the Employment Agreement is hereby deleted in its
entirety.



8.
The parties agree that the following new Paragraph 18 shall be added to the
Employment Agreement:











“18.

Necessary Amendments to Comply with Section 409A. The parties hereto
acknowledge that it is possible that payments to be made hereunder may be
subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and
any regulations or other guidance issued thereunder (“Section 409A”),
and that the requirements of Section 409A are still being developed and
interpreted at this time. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, in the event that either party reasonably determines that amendments
to this Agreement are necessary or appropriate in order to comply with
Section 409A, including amendments necessary to ensure that such payments
will not be subject to Section 409A, Employer and Employee shall negotiate
in good faith to amend the Agreement on a prospective or retroactive basis, in a
manner that is mutually satisfactory to the parties.”












Except
as specifically amended herein, the Employment Agreement remains in full force and effect.



Please
confirm your agreement to the foregoing Amendment to your Employment Agreement by signing
and dating the enclosed copy of this letter and returning it to me.













Sincerely
yours,
4Kids Entertainment Licensing, Inc.



By:
/s/ Alfred R. Kahn

Alfred R. Kahn


















Agreed to and Accepted:




By: /s/ Bruce R. Foster

Bruce R. Foster










4Kids Entertainment, Inc.




By: /s/ Alfred R. Kahn

Alfred R. Kahn













