


















EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

AGREEMENT  made as of the  7th day of  January,  1997,  by and  between
PROGRAMMING ALTERNATIVES OF MINNESOTA, INC., a Minnesota corporation, (hereafter
"Employer") and FRANK LENTZ (hereafter "Employee").
In  consideration of the mutual promises herein contained and intending
to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows:
EMPLOYMENT:
1.       Employer hereby employs Employee and employee accepts
employment upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
TERM:
2. The term of this Agreement  shall be for three (3) years  commencing
November 4, 1996 and terminating November 3, 1999.





<PAGE>


DUTIES:
3. Employee  shall devote his full time,  attention and best efforts to
his duties as Vice President and General Manager of the Midwest Region. Employee
shall at all  times  discharge  his  duties in  consultation  with and under the
supervision of the Chief  Executive  Officer of Employer.  Employee's  principal
place of business shall be the Minneapolis-St.  Paul area, subject to reasonable
travel  requirements of his position.  Employee shall not engage in any business
or perform  any  services in any  capacity  whatsoever  other than for  Employer
except with the prior written approval of Employer.
COMPENSATION:
4. For all  services to be rendered  by  Employee  hereunder,  Employer
shall pay to Employee a salary of  $80,000.00  per year to be paid in accordance
with the general payroll practices of Employer from time to time in effect.
VACATIONS:
5.       (a)  Employee shall receive three (3) weeks of paid
vacation in each calendar year commencing January 1, 1997.
Vacation pay shall be non-cumulative and to the extent not taken
shall not be compensated.
HOLIDAYS:
(b)      Employee shall be entitled to those holidays
allowed for by Company policy.
ILLNESS:
(c) If Employee is  prevented  from  performing  his duties by
reason of illness or incapacity for an aggregate of thirty (30) days in any year
of this Agreement,  Employer shall not be obligated to pay Employee compensation
for any period of absence in excess of the  aggregate of thirty (30) days in any
year. Sick pay shall be non-cumulative and, to the extent not used, shall not be
compensated.
DISABILITY:
(d) If Employee is  prevented  from  performing  his duties by
reason of verifiable  physical or mental  illness or incapacity for a continuous
period of sixty (60) days, then Employer, in addition to the remedy provided for
in  subparagraph  (c) hereof,  may on fifteen  (15) days prior  written  notice,
terminate Employee's employment.
TERMINATION:
6. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, this Agreement shall
terminate  immediately  upon the death of Employee or  Employee's  discharge  by
Employer upon good and sufficient  cause. In the event of Employee's death while
an Employee in good standing with  Employer,  said Employer shall pay Employee's
named  beneficiary,  or if there be none then living, to his estate,  Employee's
base  salary at the date of his  death  for a period of one (1) month  after the
date of death, payable weekly.
(b)  "Good and sufficient cause" shall include, but not
be limited to:
(i)           dishonesty detrimental to the best
interests of Employer;
(ii)          continuing inattention to or neglect of
the duties to be performed by Employee
which inattention is not the result of
illness;
(iii)           willful disloyalty to Employer; or
(iv)            violation of any of the provisions of
paragraph 3 hereof.
(c)  Notwithstanding  any other provisions hereof Employee may
terminate  this  Agreement at any time by giving to Employer One Hundred  Twenty
(120) days prior written notice of his intention to do so.
EXPENSES:
7.  During  the  term of this  Agreement,  Employer  agrees  to pay all
reasonable  expenses  incurred  by Employee in  furtherance  of the  business of
Employer  including  travel  and  entertainment  expense.   Employer  agrees  to
reimburse  Employee for any such expenses upon  submission by him of a statement
itemizing such expenses.
MEDICAL INSURANCE:
8.       During the term of this Agreement, Employer shall
include Employee in the medical insurance coverage provided for
employees of Employer.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION:
9.  Employee  will not,  during  or at any time  after  termination  of
employment hereunder,  without  authorization of Employer,  disclose to, or make
use of for himself or for any person,  corporation,  or other entity,  any trade
secret or other  confidential  information  concerning  the  business,  clients,
methods, operations,  financing or services of Employer or its affiliates. Trade
secrets  and  confidential  information  shall  mean  information  disclosed  to
employee or known by him as a consequence of his employment by Employer, whether
or not pursuant to this  Agreement,  and not  generally  known in the  industry.
Without  limiting the generality of the foregoing trade secrets and confidential
information shall include market analysis and market expansion plans of Employer
and all technical information relating to products or systems developed or being
developed by Employer and all planned product or system improvements or changes.
NON-COMPETITION:
10. Employee agrees that he will not, during the term of his employment
and for a  period  of five (5)  years  following  the  termination  thereof  for
whatsoever reason,  voluntary or involuntary,  (the "Restricted  Period") in any
county in which Employer has conducted business directly or indirectly,  whether
as employee, owner, partner, agent, director, officer or shareholder engage in a
business  that is  competitive  with the  business  conducted  by Employer  and,
without limiting the generality of the foregoing do any of the following:
(a) Solicit,  divert,  accept  business from or otherwise take
away  any  client  of  Employer  who is or  was a  client  during  the  term  of
employment,  including all clients directly or indirectly  produced or generated
by Employee.
(b)  Solicit,  induce or contract  with any of the  Employer's
employees  to leave  Employer or to work for  Employee or any company with which
Employee is connected.
(c)  Solicit, divert or take away any of Employer's
sources of business.
(d)  Notwithstanding the foregoing it shall not be a violation
of this  paragraph  10 if,  during the  Restricted  Period,  Employee  acts as a
consultant to a competitive business or is employed in a training capacity by an
entity competitive with Employer,  provided that in so doing Employee's services
shall  not  directly  contribute  to  the  revenues,  sales  or  marketing  of a
competitor of Employer.
The  provisions of this  paragraph 10 shall be construed as an
agreement independent of any other provision of this Agreement and the existence
of any claim or cause of action of Employee against Employer whether arising out
of this Agreement or otherwise shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement
by Employer of the provisions of this paragraph.
REMEDIES:
11.  Employee  agrees  that a  violation  of any of the  provisions  of
paragraphs 9 and 10 hereof will cause  irreparable  damage to Employer the exact
amount  of  which it will be  impossible  to  ascertain  and,  for that  reason,
Employee agrees that Employer shall be entitled to injunctive relief restraining
any violation of paragraphs 9 and 10 hereof by Employee and any person,  firm or
corporation  associated with him, such right to be cumulative and in addition to
all other remedies available to Employer by reason of such violation.
SEPARATE CONSIDERATION
12.      As additional consideration for Employee's consent to be
bound by the provisions of paragraphs 9 and 10 hereof, concurrently
with the execution of this Agreement Employer shall pay to Employee
the sum of $10,000.00
BONUS:
13. In  addition  to the  compensation  described  herein  the Board of
Directors of Employer may from time to time award to Employee a bonus based upon
the financial  performance of Employer;  provided,  however,  that no such bonus
shall be chargeable against or otherwise reduce NOI as that term is defined in a
certain Stock Purchase Agreement of even date between RCM Technologies, Inc.
and, inter alia, Employer.
CHOICE OF LAW:
14.      This Agreement shall be governed by the law of the State
of Minnesota without regard to conflict of law principles.
NOTICES:
15. Any notice  required or permitted to be given under this  Agreement
shall be sufficient if in writing, and if sent by certified mail, return receipt
requested, as follows:

IF TO EMPLOYEE:                    Frank Lentz




IF TO EMPLOYER:                    RCM Technologies, Inc.
2500 McClellan Avenue
Pennsauken, NJ 08109
BINDING EFFECT:
16. The terms of this Agreement  shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the parties  hereto and their  respective  personal  representatives,
successors and assigns.
INTEGRATION-AMENDMENT:
17. This Agreement  contains the entire  agreement  between the parties
hereto, with respect to the transactions  contemplated herein and supersedes all
previous  representations,  negotiations,  commitments and writings with respect
thereto.  No amendment or  alteration  of the terms of this  Agreement  shall be
valid unless made in writing and signed by all of the parties hereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
day and year first above written.
PROGRAMMING ALTERNATIVES
OF MINNESOTA, INC.



BY:





FRANK LENTZ

















[NSB\04257PAM.EMP]






<PAGE>



