










Exhibit 10.3n


AMENDMENT  NO.  4  TO  THE  AMENDED  AND RESTATED
EMPLOYMENT AND INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

This  Amendment  No.  4  to  the  Amended  and  Restated
Employment and Indemnification Agreement dated as of April 1, 1996, as
amended by Amendment No.  1  thereto  dated  as  of February 11, 1997,
Amendment No. 2  thereto  dated  March  28,  1998  and Amendment No. 3
thereto dated May 8, 1998  (collectively  the "Agreement"), is made by
and between MAXICARE HEALTH  PLANS,  INC., a Delaware corporation (the
"Company"), and Peter J. Ratican,  an individual (the "Executive") and
is dated as of April 16, 1999 (the "Execution Date").

R E C I T A L S

WHEREAS, the Executive  presently  serves as Chairman of
the Board,  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  President  of  the Company
pursuant to the Agreement;

WHEREAS, the Company has  entered  into a Settlement and
Release Agreement of even  date  herewith (the "Settlement Agreement")
with  the  Executive  whereunder  the  terms  of  the  Agreement  will
terminate   on   June    30,    1999,    (the   "Termination   Date");
WHEREAS,  in  connection  with   the  Settlement  Agreement  and  this
Amendment No. 4, the Company  and  Executive have entered into Related
Agreements as defined in the Settlement Agreement;

WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive wish to amend the
Agreement to clarify Executive's duties  and rights of the Company and
the Executive under the  Agreement  through  the Termination Date; and
NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration   of   the  terms  and  conditions
hereinafter set forth, the Company and the Executive agree as follows:

1.  This Amendment No. 4  to  the Agreement shall become
effective upon the occurrence of all of the following conditions:  (i)
the occurrence of the "Effective Date"  as such term is defined in the
Settlement Agreement; (ii) delivery  of  the fully executed Settlement
Agreement and Related  Agreements;  (iii)  the  Effective  Date of the
Consulting Agreement between the  Company  and  Elwood I. Kleaver, Jr.
("Kleaver") pursuant  to  which  Kleaver  agrees  to  function  as the
Company's Chief Operating Officer ("COO"); and (iv) unanimous approval
of this Amendment No. 4 by  the  Board provided, however, that if such
approval  is  not  unanimous,  Executive  may  elect  to  declare  the
Settlement Agreement and the Related Agreements null and void.

2.  The following definition  shall  be added to Section
1:
<PAGE>





"Executive Committee of the Board" means the group
comprised of Claude S. Brinegar, Thomas W. Field, Jr.,
Elwood I. Kleaver, Jr. and Paul R. Dupee, Jr. and/or any
other individual(s) named by the Board of Directors."

3.  Section 2 shall be changed to  add at the end of the
last sentence thereof the following:

"As of the Effective Date (as such term is defined
in the Settlement and Release Agreement between
Executive and the Company), Executive will serve as
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and
President of the Company, but may only have such duties
as may be assigned to him by the Executive Committee of
the Board or the Board of Directors."

4.  Section 4(b) shall  be  deleted  in its entirety and
any references to  Section  4(b)  and  any  provisions addressing only
Section 4(b) are hereby deleted.

5.  Section 7  shall  be  deleted  in  its  entirety and
replaced with the following:

"7.  Term of Employment.  The term of employment
hereunder shall commence as of April 1, 1996, and shall
continue until June 30, 1999, unless earlier terminated
as herein provided (the "Termination Date").  This
Agreement shall terminate upon the occurrence of any of
the following events:

(a)   The death of Executive; or

(b)   Executive voluntarily leaves the employ of the
Company, with or without the consent of the Company, and
with or without Good Reason;

or

(c)   The Incapacity of Executive; or

(d)   The Company terminates this Agreement for
Cause; or

(e)  [deleted]; or

(f)  Executive elects to terminate pursuant to
Section 9(a) prior to June 30, 1999, below.
<PAGE>






6.  Any references to  Section  7(e)  and any provisions
addressing only Section 7(e) are hereby deleted.

7.  Section 8(a)(iv) is  hereby  amended by deleting the
reference to "March 31, 2001" and replacing it with "June 30, 1999".

8.  Section 8(c) is hereby  deleted  in its entirety and
any references to  Section  8(c)  and  any  provisions addressing only
Section 8(c) are hereby deleted.

9.  Section 10 is hereby deleted in its entirety and any
references to Section 10 and any provisions addressing only Section 10
are hereby deleted.

10. A new Section 19 shall  be  added  to the end of the
Agreement to read as follows:

"19. Surviving Provisions upon the Termination Date.
The  rights  and/or  obligations   of  the  Company  and
Executive under Sections 11, 12, 13, 14, 18(d) and 18(g)
of  this  Agreement  shall   not   be  affected  by  the
termination of this Agreement upon the Termination Date.
The rights and/or obligations  under such Sections shall
survive in accordance with  the terms of this Agreement.
As  of  the  Termination   Date,  all  other  terms  and
provisions of this Agreement  shall be terminated and no
longer of any force or effect."

11. Except as expressly  set  forth  herein,  all of the
terms and conditions contained in  the  Agreement shall remain in full
force and effect and shall not be modified by the terms hereof.

12. Executive agrees that he shall resign as a member of
the Executive Committee of the  Board  as of the effectiveness of this
Amendment No. 4 and said resignation  shall not constitute a breach of
the Agreement by Executive or the Company.

13. Executive  acknowledges  that  he  has  received all
compensation  and  benefits  due  and   payable  to  him  through  the
"Effective Date" as such term is defined in the Settlement Agreement.

14. If this Amendment No.  4  does not become effective,
the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
<PAGE>





IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  this   Amendment  No.  4  to  the
Agreement has been executed as of this 16th day of April, 1999.

MAXICARE HEALTH PLANS, INC.
/s/ Richard A. Link
By: Richard A. Link
Its:Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer

/s/ Alan Bloom
By:   Alan Bloom
Its:   Secretary

EXECUTIVE
/s/ Peter J. Ratican
Peter J. Ratican

