






agreement.htm











May 6, 2009







Via Electronic
Mail

Mr.
Victor L. Cisario

479 Rose
Lane

Rockville
Centre, NY 11570




Dear
Victor:




I am pleased to offer you the position
of Chief Financial Officer with Merisel, Inc. (hereinafter to referred to, along
with its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, divisions, successors and assigns,
and each of their respective successors and assigns, as the “Company”) under the
following terms and conditions:






Start Date


Your
start date will be __________.





Annual Base Salary


The
Company will pay you an Annual Base Salary of $210,000 that will be paid
in accordance with the Company’s customary payroll practices.





Annual Incentive Bonus


You
are eligible to receive an Annual Incentive Bonus of forty percent (40%)
of your Annual Base Salary.  The Company’s Board of Directors
(“Board”) or Compensation Committee will determine, at its sole
discretion, whether you will receive an Annual Incentive
Bonus.





Benefits


You
are eligible to participate in the Company’s benefit plans on the same
terms and conditions as the Company’s other senior
executives.



Your
benefits will include four (4) annual weeks of paid vacation, and
reimbursement of appropriate business expenses as per the Company’s
existing policies and procedures.





Severance


In
the event that the Company terminates you without Cause (as defined below)
in the absence of a Change in Control (as defined below), the Company will
pay you severance equivalent to six (6) months (on a pro rata basis) of
your Annual Base Salary.  In the event that the Company
terminates you without Cause with a Change in Control, the Company will
pay you severance equivalent to twelve (12) months (on a pro rata basis)
of your Annual Base Salary.



“Cause”
shall include:  your negligence, neglect of duties,
incompetence, dishonesty, willful disobedience of a material and lawful
instruction of the Board, or breach of any provision of this Agreement; an
order entered by the SEC, a state regulatory agency or an exchange on
which the Company’s securities are traded finding that you have violated
the securities laws; or your indictment, conviction or plea of guilty or
nolo contendere to any felony or misdemeanor involving moral
turpitude.






































“Change
in Control” means the occurrence of one of the following
events:  1) any “person” (as such term is used in Section 13(d)
and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becoming the “beneficial owner” (as defined
in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities
of the Company representing 50% or more of the total voting power
represented by the Company’s then outstanding voting securities; 2) the
consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or
substantially of its assets; or 3) the consummation of a merger or
consolidation of the Company with any other entity, other than a merger or
consolidation that would result in the voting securities of the Company
outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by
remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the
surviving entity or its parent) at least 50% of the total voting power
represented by the voting securities of the Company (or such surviving
entity or its parent) outstanding immediately after such merger or
consolidation.





Confidential Information


You
acknowledge and agree that non-public and/or propriety information
pertaining to Merisel, its vendors or its customers disclosed to, or
prepared by, you during your employment with the Company is confidential
and may not be used or disclosed by you during your employment with the
Company (other than in furtherance of your employment duties) or once your
employment with the Company has ended (in the absence of court or
administrative process requiring such disclosure).





Non-Solicitation


During
your employment with the Company and for a period of two (2) years
following your separation from the Company, you agree that you will not,
directly or indirectly:  (1) attempt to or solicit customers
who: were customers of the Company at any time during the six (6) months
prior to the date of your separation from the Company or are current
customers of the Company at the time of your separation from the Company;
(2) attempt to solicit or solicit (either on your own behalf or on behalf
of another business entity) any person who was an employee or contractor
for the Company at any time during the six (6) months prior to the date of
your separation from the Company, or was an employee or contractor at the
time of your separation from the Company; and (3) disclose to third
parties the names and employment terms (including pay arrangements) of the
Company’s employees or contractors.





Non-Competition


In
the event that the Company terminates you with or without Cause in the
absence of a Change in Control you agree that for six (6) months following
your separation from the Company, you shall not, directly or indirectly,
work in the New York, Atlanta, Portland, Seattle and Los Angeles
metropolitan areas for a competitor of the Company.  You further
agree that during such period you will not assist or encourage any other
person or entity in carrying out any activity that would be prohibited by
the foregoing sentence if such activity were carried out by
you.



In
the event that the Company terminates you without Cause with a Change in
Control, you agree that for one (1) year following your separation from
the Company, you shall not, directly or indirectly, work in the New York,
Atlanta, Portland, Seattle and Los Angeles metropolitan areas for a
competitor of the Company.  You further agree that during such
period you will not assist or encourage any other person or entity in
carrying out any activity that would be prohibited by the foregoing
sentence if such activity were carried out by you.






































Representations and
Warranties


You
represent and warrant that your employment with the Company does not and
will not breach any agreements with or duties to a former employer or any
other third party.





At-Will Employment


You
agree that your employment with the Company is “at will,” meaning that
either you or the Company may terminate your employment with the Company
at any time and for any reason (or no reason) upon notice to the other
party.





Amendments


This
Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument signed by each of
the parties to this Agreement.





Non-Waiver


The
failure of a party to enforce any term of this Agreement shall not be
deemed a waiver of that term.





Governing Law


This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of the State of New York.





Arbitration


The
parties agree that, in the event that there is a dispute pertaining to my
employment, this Agreement, or a subsequently executed separation
agreement, such dispute will be resolved by arbitration before a single
arbitrator in the City of New York, New York in accordance with the Rules
of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”). The arbitrator’s decision
shall be binding and final, and judgment upon the award rendered may be
entered in accordance with applicable law in any court having jurisdiction
thereof.





Integration


This
Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties hereto with
regard to the subject matter hereof.  There are no agreements,
understandings, restrictions, inducements, warranties, or representations
relating to said subject matter between the parties other than those set
forth herein.





Severability; Consent to
Blue-Lining


In
the event that it is determined that any term of this Agreement is
unenforceable or has been waived, all other terms of this Agreement shall
remain in full force and effect.



In
the event that it is determined that a term of this Agreement, as
currently drafted, is overbroad, such term shall be construed in such a
manner so as to be enforceable under applicable law.





Construction


The
Agreement shall not be construed more strictly against one party than the
other merely by virtue of the fact that it, or any part of it, may have
been prepared by counsel for one of the parties.





Counterparts


This
Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be an
original, with the same effect as if the signatures hereto and thereto
were upon the same instrument.






































Consultation with Counsel


The
Company recommends that you take your time in considering this Agreement
and that you consult with an attorney of your choice.  By
signing this Agreement, you certify that you have had the opportunity to
consult with an attorney prior to signing
it.









We look forward to your joining the
Company.




Please indicate your acceptance of the
foregoing terms of your employment by signing in the space provided below and
returning a copy of this letter to me via electronic mail or facsimile at (917)
351-5889.




Very truly yours,










Donald R. Uzzi












ACCEPTED









Date:









Signature:





Victor
L. Cisario










