











EXHIBIT 10.1

FOURTH AMENDMENT
TO

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Fourth
Amendment (the “Amendment”) is made as of this 1st day of March, 2012, between CalAmp
Corp. (the “Company”) and Richard Gold (“Executive”).

RECITALS:


A. The Company and Executive are parties to that certain Employment
Agreement dated as of March 4, 2008 and amended most recently as of May 27, 2011
(the “Employment Agreement”) pursuant to which Executive is employed by the Company.



B. The Company and Executive desire to amend the terms of the Employment
Agreement as set forth herein.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the respective
covenants and agreements set forth below, the parties hereto agree as follows,
in each case, effective as of March 1, 2012:


1.
Sections 1(d), 1(e) and 1(f) are hereby deleted in their
entirety.

2.	 	The first sentence of Section 2(a) is hereby deleted in
its entirety and replaced with the following:

“Executive shall receive for services to be rendered
hereunder a salary at the rate of Twelve Thousand Five Hundred Dollars
($12,500) per month payable at least as frequently as monthly and subject
to payroll deductions as may be necessary or customary in respect of the
Company’s salaried employees (the “Base
Salary”).”

3.	 	Section 4 is hereby modified by the addition of the
following as the 2nd sentence of such section:

“To the extent that the vesting dates of Executive’s
stock awards are not otherwise accelerated pursuant to the provisions of
Section 6(d)(iii) herein, Executive’s stock awards granted in 2009 and
2010 that were originally scheduled to vest on various dates after
calendar year 2012 are hereby modified to change the vesting date to July
31, 2012.”

4.	 	The last two sentences of Section 6(d)(i) are hereby
deleted in their entirety and replaced with the following
sentence:

“In such event, the Company shall pay the accrued
portion of any salary and vacation earned, less standard withholdings for
tax and social security purposes.”









5.
Section 6(d)(ii) is hereby
deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

“(ii) Notwithstanding any of the
provisions of this Agreement, and unless this agreement is terminated
earlier pursuant to any other provisions of this Section 6, Executive’s
Termination Date will be July 31, 2012, in which case such termination
will be deemed to constitute termination without Cause.”

6.	 	The first sentence of Section
6(e) is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the
following:

“If, within the 12-month period
following a Change of Control (as defined below), the Company terminates
Executive's employment for other than Cause or disability or Executive
terminates his employment for Good Reason (as defined below), then (i)
Executive's then unvested equity awards granted under the Company's stock
incentive plans after the Executive became an employee of the Company
shall become fully vested and (ii) the Company shall pay Executive: (A)
severance in an amount equal to 12 months of his Base Salary, less
standard withholdings for tax and social security purposes, payable over
such 12 month term in monthly pro rata payments commencing as of the
Termination Date; and (B) the accrued portion of any vacation earned, less
standard withholdings for tax and social security purposes.”

7.	 	Section 6(h) is hereby deleted in
its entirety.


IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the parties above have executed this Amendment as of the day and year
first written above.

EXECUTIVE:	     	COMPANY:

/s/ Richard
Gold		/s/ Frank Perna
Richard Gold	 	By:	Frank Perna
Title:    	Chairman of the Board,
CalAmp
Corp.








