











UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT
Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): August 12, 2002


INTERCHANGE FINANCIAL SERVICES CORPORATION
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


New Jersey                      1-10518              22-2553159
(State or other jurisdiction          (Commission           (IRS Employer
of incorporation)              File Number)       Identification No.)


Park 80 West/Plaza Two, Saddlebrook, NJ      07663
(Address of principal executive offices)      (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (201) 703-2265


Not Applicable
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act
(17 CFR 230.425)

[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act
(17 CFR 240.14a-12)

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


<PAGE>


Item 1.01    Amendment of a Material Definitive Agreement

On  May  26,  1995,   Interchange   Financial  Services   Corporation  (the
"Corporation")  and Anthony S. Abbate,  President and Chief Executive Officer of
the Corporation (the  "Executive"),  entered into a change of control  agreement
(the  "Agreement").  Under  the  Agreement,  if  a  change  in  control  of  the
Corporation  occurs,  and if the  Executive's  employment  is  terminated by the
Corporation other than for cause, disability or retirement,  or by the Executive
for good reason,  the Executive is entitled to receive a severance  payment,  as
provided by the Agreement.

On August 12, 2002, the Corporation and the Executive executed an amendment
to the Agreement to clarify the  calculation  of the change in control  payment.
The Agreement, as amended,  provides that the Executive is to receive a lump sum
equal to three times the Executive's annual salary at the highest rate in effect
during the twelve months immediately  preceding the date of termination,  plus a
lump sum amount  equal to the  greater  of  $300,000  or the sum of all  bonuses
earned by the Executive  during the three calendar years  preceding the calendar
year of the date of  termination.  The  amendment  to the  Agreement is attached
hereto as Exhibit 10(f)(3).

Item 9.01    Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) The following is filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K:

Exhibit No.  Description

10(f)(3)     Amendment to the Change in Control Agreement for the
Registrant's President and Chief Executive Officer, dated
August 12, 2002


<PAGE>


SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.



Dated:  April 13, 2006          INTERCHANGE FINANCIAL
SERVICES CORPORATION



By:  /s/ Charles T. Field
_______________________

Name:    Charles T. Field
Title:   SVP and Chief Financial Officer


<PAGE>


Exhibit Index

Exhibit No.  Description

10(f)(3)     Amendment to the Change in Control Agreement for the Registrant's
President and Chief Executive Officer, dated August 12, 2002.


<PAGE>


AMENDMENT TO AGREEMENT ENTERED INTO BY AND BETWEEN
INTERCHANGE FINANCIAL SERVICES CORPORATION
AND
ANTHONY S. ABBATE

WHEREAS,  Interchange  Financial Services  Corporation  ("Company") entered
into  a  change  of  control  agreement  with  Anthony  S  Abbate  ("Executive")
("Agreement");

WHEREAS, the Company and Executive desire to amend the Agreement to clarify
the calculation of the change in control payment; and

WHEREAS,  pursuant  to Section 9 of the  Agreement,  the  Agreement  may be
modified  as agreed to in  wilting  by the  Executive  and such  officer  of the
Company  as may be  specifically  designated  by the Board of  Directors  of the
Company; and, by his executor thereof,  Executive agrees that such Amendment may
be executed by the Chairman of the Boards

NOW  THEREFORE,  RE IT  RESOLVED  that  the  Agreement  is  hereby  amended
effective the date this Amendment is executed as follows:

1.   Agreement  Section  4(ii) is deleted in its entirety and the following
is substituted in its place:

"(ii)  In lieu  of any  further  salary  payments  to you for  periods
subsequent  to the  Date of  Termination,  the  Company  shall  pay as
severance  pay  to  you  on  the  fifth  day  following  the  Date  of
Termination:  (a) a lump sum  amount  equal to three  (3)  times  your
annual  base salary at the  highest  rate in effect  during the twelve
(12) months immediately preceding your Date of Termination; plus (b) a
lump sum amount equal to the greater of: (i) $300,000; or (ii) the sum
of all bonuses  earned by you (without  regard to the date of payment)
during the three calendar  years  preceding the calendar year in which
occurs your Date of Termination"

IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  this  Amendment  has been  executed  this 12th day of
August 2002.

INTERCHANGE FINANCIAL SERVICES CORP.        EXECUTIVE



By:/s/ Anthony D. Andora                    By: /s/ Anthony S. Abbate
Anthony D. Andora                            Anthony S. Abbate
Chairman of the Board


