






EX-99.5











June 30, 2006




Alan P. Goldberg

40 Hills Road

Loudonville, NY 12211




Dear Alan:




We are pleased to set forth certain terms of your continued employment with the firm.



We are pleased to appoint you Vice Chairman of First Albany Companies Inc. and have agreed to
continue to pay you your base salary at the rate prior to the temporary reduction ($400,000 per
year) from the date hereof through December 31, 2007 (the “Employment Period”). Your duties as
Vice Chairman will include advising the Board and senior management with respect to broad policy
decisions of the Company as may be requested by the Board of Directors from time to time. You have
also agreed to resign from your positions as Chief Executive Officer and President of both First
Albany Companies Inc. and First Albany Capital Inc., as well as any other offices you hold within
First Albany Companies Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, as of the date hereof. All
compensation will be subject to standard payroll withholdings. You agree that to the extent your
employment is voluntarily terminated or if you are terminated for Cause you will only receive your
base salary through the date of termination. For purposes of this Agreement, “Cause” shall mean
(i) theft, embezzlement or the falsification of any documents or records of First Albany; (ii)
commission of any act of fraud with respect to First Albany causing harm to its business or assets;
(iii) conviction (including any plea of guilty or nolo contendere) of a felony; (iv) personal
dishonesty, willful misconduct, breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit, willful
violation of any law, rule or regulation (other than traffic violations or similar offenses), or
habitual use of alcohol or drugs which, in the good faith determination of First Albany, materially
impairs your ability to carry out your duties as an employee; (v) use of First Albany’s proprietary
information or client information for your personal benefit or in a way adverse the interests of
First Albany; (vi) willful and material failure to follow any lawful First Albany policy or
procedure or (vii) material failure to substantially perform the duties or requirements of your
position with First Albany.



During the Employment Period you will retain your current office and the services of your
secretary. Moreover, you will continue to enjoy participation in each of the employee benefit or
stock incentive plans in which you are currently participating. Any stock incentive awards which
you have received or may receive will continue to vest and will remain exercisable throughout the
Employment Period in accordance with the plan documents.



You agree that during your employment at First Albany and for a period of three calendar
months following the termination of your employment (regardless of the reason for termination) you
will not directly or indirectly solicit (i) any customer or client of First Albany to transfer its
business to any other person or entity or (ii) any employee of First Albany to leave the employ of
First Albany.



















Page 2

Alan P. Goldberg

June 30, 2006




Additionally, you acknowledge that First Albany’s assets, including but not limited to,
financial information, strategies, new products, plans, studies, forecasts, and other non-public
information about First Albany and/or its clients, are confidential and trade secrets of First
Albany. You agree that you will not disclose such confidential information or trade secrets
without the prior written permission of First Albany. You also agree that such disclosure would
cause irreparable and material damage to First Albany.



Please note that First Albany considers this letter, and all the terms contained herein, to be
highly confidential. They should not be discussed, disclosed or shown to anyone, other than
authorized corporate employees. In addition, this letter agreement may not be modified or amended
except by a written agreement signed by you and First Albany. This letter contains our entire
understanding with respect to the subject matter contained herein and supersedes any prior
understandings, communications or agreements that we may have had relating to such subject matter.
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to alter or change any existing rights of Employee or
First Albany under any of First Albany’s written employee benefit plans.



This letter agreement shall be subject to, governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of New York without regard to its choice of law principles. Any controversy or
dispute regarding the interpretation, construction or enforcement of this letter agreement shall be
subject to and resolved by arbitration in New York, New York through the facilities and in
accordance with the rules of NASD Dispute Resolution, Inc. (the “NASD”) or the New York Stock
Exchange, Inc. (the “NYSE”), and the parties agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the NASD or
NYSE with respect to any such controversy or dispute. Judgment upon any such award or decision of
the arbitrators may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. You further agree that New
York is the appropriate venue for any such dispute inasmuch as First Albany’s headquarters are
located in New York and First Albany has a substantial interest in having all of its agreements
with employees coherently and foreseeably construed according to a uniform law. You agree that the
rights and obligations of First Albany shall be assignable by First Albany. This letter agreement
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of First Albany and you, and First Albany’s
successors and permitted assigns.



If the terms of this letter are acceptable to you, please sign and return a copy to me for my
files.



Sincerely,






/s/
Carl Carlucci


Carl Carlucci

Chair,

Executive Compensation Committee



ACCEPTED AND AGREED:





/s/ Alan
P. Goldberg

Alan P. Goldberg









