











Exhibit 10.1






AMENDMENT TO






SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED






EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT






THIS IS AN AMENDMENT TO THE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT made as of the 25th day of March, 2008, by and among BUTLER
INTERNATIONAL, INC. (“International”), BUTLER SERVICE GROUP, INC.
(“Butler”) and EDWARD M. KOPKO (“Employee”), who resides at
2100 North Ocean Boulevard, 31A, Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 33305.



WHEREAS, Employee has been serving as President, Chairman of the Board
of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of International since 1985, as President,
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Butler since 1989,
and currently serves as President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of
all other operating subsidiaries of International; and



WHEREAS, International, Butler, and Employee entered into a Second
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (“Agreement”) dated December 4,
2002, which confirmed and set forth the terms and conditions of Employee’s
employment with International and Butler; and



WHEREAS, the Agreement currently provides for, among other things, a
guaranteed performance bonus payment in the amount of $450,000 per year and a
guaranteed incentive bonus payment in the amount of 25% of the Employee’s yearly
salary per year; and



WHEREAS, such payments are currently not deductible by International for
federal income tax purposes; and






1













WHEREAS, the Compensation Committee of International has requested that
the Agreement be amended so that such performance bonus and incentive payments can be
deducted by International pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m)
(“Section 162(m)”); and



WHEREAS, in order for International to be able to deduct such payments
pursuant to Section 162(m), International has requested that Employee agree to
condition the payment of such amounts upon the attainment of certain specified goals;
and



WHEREAS, Employee has agreed to condition the guaranteed performance
bonus payment of $450,000 and the incentive bonus payment of 25% of Employee’s
base salary upon the attainment of certain goals, provided that Employee’s salary
is increased by $125,000 per year; and



WHEREAS, Employee has requested clarification of certain other
provisions in the Agreement; and



WHEREAS, Butler, International, and Employee desire to amend and restate
the Agreement to reflect the changes set forth herein;



NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises to this Agreement and
for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is
hereby acknowledged, Butler, International and Employee agree as follows:









1.



Section 5(b) of the Agreement is hereby amended as
follows:














A.



Subsections (1) (excluding the third to the last sentence which shall be placed at the end of new subsection (1)), (4) and
(5) (which subsections related to guaranteed payments) and subsection
(6) are hereby deleted.














B.



Subsection (2) is hereby renumbered as subsection (1)
and amended as follows:














(i)



the phrase “less amounts previously paid to
Employee under the above paragraph for such calendar year” is
hereby deleted;











2



















(ii)



in clause (i), the second reference to
“$3,000,000” shall be changed to “$13,000,000”,
the phrase “provided that such payment shall not be less than
$150,000 if International has operating income” shall be inserted
after the first reference to “such year” in clause (i), and
the phrase “plus a payment of $300,000 if International’s
operating income exceeds $3,000,000” shall be inserted after the
second reference to “such year” in clause (i);














(iii)



at the end of the subsection, the following shall be
inserted: “For fiscal year 2008 only, to the extent that
operating income for fiscal year 2008 equals or exceeds $4,500,000
Employee will be entitled to a performance bonus payment of $450,000,
plus 3% of operating income in excess of $13,000,000.














C.



A new subsection (2) shall be added as
follows:








International intends that the performance and incentive bonuses noted
above qualify as performance based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. Before any
payment of the performance and incentive bonuses noted above, International’s
compensation committee will certify in writing that the performance and/or incentive
goals, respectively, have been met.





2.

Section 5 (c)(2) of the Agreement (which relates to the Estimated Operating Income) is deleted in its entirety.






3.

Employee’s salary shall be increased by the amount
of $125,000.













4.



The first parenthetical phrase in Section 5(d) shall be
amended by adding the words “long-term care insurance”
after the word “including” and the fourth parenthetical
phrase in Section 5(d) shall be amended by adding the words “and
paid on request” after the word
“cumulated”.














5.



Except as modified herein, the Agreement shall remain in
full force and effect.















3













IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have set their hands and seals as of the day and
year first above written.







EMPLOYEE:







BUTLER SERVICE GROUP, INC.











































/s/ Edward M. Kopko







By:



/s/ Mark Koscinski




Edward M. Kopko




















Title:



Chief Financial Officer













































































BUTLER INTERNATIONAL, INC.






































By:



/s/ Mark Koscinski

























Title:



Chief Financial Officer














































4











