






kl12072_ex10-92.htm








Exhibit
10.92



December
31, 2008








Joseph
Caiazzo

395 East
5th
Street

Brooklyn,
NY  11218




Dear Mr.
Caiazzo:




This letter sets forth proposals for
the amendment of your employment agreement with Franklin Credit Management
Corporation, effective as of June 1, 2005, in order to comply with the
requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended.










1.


We
hereby propose to amend your employment agreement by adding the following
new sentence to the end of Section
5(b):















“Any
bonus pursuant to this Section 5(b) shall be paid no later than two and
one-half (2½) months following the last day of the tax year in which the
bonus was earned.”















2.


We
hereby propose to amend your employment agreement by adding the following
new sentence to the end of Section
11(c):









“Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the occurrence of any of the events described in (1) and (2)
above shall not constitute “good reason” unless (i) Employee gives FCMC written
notice, within ninety (90) days after Employee has knowledge of the occurrence
of any of the events described in (1) and (2) above, that such circumstances
constitute good reason, (ii) FCMC thereafter fails to cure such circumstances
within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice and (iii) the Employee
terminates employment no later than two (2) years following the occurrence of
such circumstance.”










3.


We
hereby propose to amend your employment agreement by adding the following
new sentences to the end of Paragraph
12(b):














































“Such
payments under this Paragraph 12(b) shall only be made after Employee has
incurred a “separation from service” as defined under Section 409A of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
“Code”).  Furthermore, during the first six (6) months following
Employee’s separation from service, the aggregate amount of such payments
made under this Paragraph 12(b) shall not exceed two times the lesser of
(1) the sum of Employee’s annualized compensation based upon the annual
rate of pay for services provided to FCMC for the year preceding the year
in which Employee separated from service, adjusted for any increase during
that year that was expected to continue indefinitely if Employee had not
separated from service or (2) the maximum amount that may be taken into
account under a qualified plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(17) of the
Code for the year in which Employee separated from service.  Any
payment prohibited by the preceding sentence shall be paid on the date
occurring six (6) months and one (1) day following Employee’s separation
from service.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any payment under
this Paragraph 12(b) shall be postponed to the date that is six months and
one day following the Employee’s separation from service to the extent
that such postponement is necessary to prevent the imposition of the
additional tax under Section 409A(a)(B) of the Internal Revenue
Code.”









If you
agree to the foregoing, please sign where indicated below and return the signed
copy to me.  Otherwise, the agreement will continue in full force and
effect, without amendment.







Sincerely,




FRANKLIN CREDIT
MANAGEMENT CORPORATION








0;                       /s/ Alexander Gordon
Jardin

Name: Alexander
Gordon Jardin

Title:
CEO




AGREED
AND ACCEPTED








/s/ Joseph
Caiazzo

Joseph
Caiazzo




Date:
12/31/08











