










EXHIBIT 10.9


January 14, 2003


Mr. William B. Dockser
8906 Clewerwall Drive
Bethesda, Maryland 20817

Re: Employment Agreement

Dear Mr. Dockser:

Reference  is  hereby  made  to  that  certain  Employment  Agreement  (the
"Agreement")  dated as of June 29,  2001 by and  between  CRIIMI  MAE INC.  (the
"Corporation")  and you.  This  letter  is to  confirm  our  agreement  that the
transaction  contemplated by and between the Corporation and Brascan Real Estate
Financial  Investments  LLC (the  "Transaction")  shall be  treated  as if it is
(although the Transaction is not) a "change in control"  transaction  solely for
the  purposes  of  triggering  the  Involuntary  Resignation  provision  of  the
Agreement and  accelerating  the vesting of options under the applicable  option
agreements.  Accordingly,  as a result of such treatment, the Agreement shall be
terminated  effective  upon the  occurrence  of the Escrow  Release  pursuant to
Section 5(b) of that certain Escrow  Agreement dated as of January 14, 2003, by
and among CRIIMI MAE Inc.,  Brascan Real Estate Financial  Investments LLC, Bear
Stearns International Limited and LaSalle Bank N.A. (the "Effective Date"), and,
at such time, you shall be entitled to receive the  following,  which you hereby
acknowledge  is more than what you would  otherwise be entitled to receive under
the terms of the Agreement:

1. Severance compensation equal to your Base Salary then in effect for
eighteen (18) months from the Effective Date;
2. All rights and benefits accrued or earned by you under Sections 3.6
(Pension,  Profit-Sharing,  Retirement  and Other  Benefit  Plans)  and 3.7
(Vacation and Sick Leave) of the Agreement as of the Effective Date;
3. The  amount of any  bonuses  (including,  without  limitation,  the
reorganization bonus) earned by you during the term of the Agreement;
4. The expense allowance provided for in Section 3.9 of the Agreement;
5. Any unpaid Base Salary earned by you through the Effective Date;
6. The rights and benefits, if any, provided by any insurance policies
in accordance  with their terms for eighteen (18) months from the Effective
Date,  including the right,  if you have not already done so, to acquire or
designate ownership and control of such policies;
7.  Office  space  at  a  location  in  C.R.I.,   Inc.'s,  a  Delaware
corporation ("C.R.I."),  headquarters and reasonable secretarial assistance
until the earlier of: one (1) year from the Effective  Date or the date, if
ever, you begin full time employment with another employer (other than with
C.R.I.); and
8. Accelerated vesting of all options.

You,  severally,  for  yourself and your heirs,  personal  representatives,
executors,  administrators,  successors, assigns and all other persons acting on
your behalf or claiming under you (separately and collectively, the "Releasors")
agree that, in consideration of the payments and consideration  described above,
you shall,  and hereby do,  forever and  irrevocably  release,  remise,  acquit,
exonerate and discharge the  Corporation,  its officers,  directors,  employees,
independent contractors,  agents, affiliates,

<PAGE>

parents,  subsidiaries,   divisions,  predecessors,   purchasers,  assigns,
representatives, successors, successors in interest and customers (collectively,
the "Releasees") from any and all claims,  actions,  causes of action,  damages,
demands,  debts,  defenses,   grievances,   obligations,   contracts,  promises,
covenants, judgments, costs, expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys'
fees), counterclaims and liabilities,  known or unknown, whatsoever which any of
the  Releasors  now has,  has had,  or may have,  whether the same be at law, in
equity,  or mixed, in any way arising out of or relating to the Agreement,  your
employment  and  separation of employment  from the  Corporation,  but excluding
those  rights  arising  out of or with  respect to this  Letter  Agreement.  You
expressly  acknowledge that this release  includes,  but is not limited to, tort
and contract claims,  wrongful discharge claims,  arbitration claims,  statutory
claims,  compensation claims,  claims under any state, local or federal wage and
hour law or wage  collection  law, and claims of  discrimination  or  harassment
based on age, race, color, sex, religion, handicap, disability, national origin,
ancestry,  citizenship,  marital  status,  or  any  other  claim  of  employment
discrimination,  retaliation  or harassment  under Title VII of the Civil Rights
Acts of 1964 and 1991 as amended (42 U.S.C. Section 2000e et seq.), the Employee
Retirement   Income  Security  Act  (29  U.S.C.   Section  1001  et  seq.),  the
Consolidated  Omnibus Budget  Reconciliation Act of 1985 (29 U.S.C. Section 1161
et seq.), the Americans With Disabilities Act (42 U.S.C. Section 12101 et seq.),
the Rehabilitation  Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C.  Section 701 et seq.), the Family and
Medical Leave Act (29 U.S.C. Section 2601 et seq.), the Fair Labor Standards Act
(29 U.S.C.  Section 201 et seq.), the Annotated Code of Maryland,  and any other
law, statute,  regulation or ordinance prohibiting employment  discrimination or
relating to the employment relationship.

If the foregoing accurately reflects your understanding and constitutes the
agreement of the parties,  please sign below,  evidencing  your  acceptance  and
agreement  with the foregoing,  and return one copy of this Letter  Agreement to
the Corporation.

Very truly yours,

CRIIMI MAE INC.


/s/David B. Iannarone
Name:  David B. Iannarone
Title:  Executive Vice President

THE UNDERSIGNED hereby agrees to the foregoing on this 14th day of January,
2003.



/s/William B. Dockser
William B. Dockser





