






Exhibit 10.1 Amendement to Employment Agreement



EXHIBIT
10.1

AMENDMENT
TO

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT




WHEREAS,
the Employment Agreement (the “Agreement”) was executed and effective on the
16th day of May, 2006, by and between XTO ENERGY INC., a Delaware
corporation (the “Company”), and BOB R. SIMPSON (the
“Employee”); and




WHEREAS,
pursuant to Section 18 of the Agreement, the Agreement may be amended by
mutual written agreement signed by the Company and the Employee (the “Parties”);
and




WHEREAS,
the Parties desire to amend the Agreement (i) to reflect that the Amended and
Restated Management Group Employee Severance Protection Plan dated August 15,
2006 is now referred to as the “Second Amended and Restated Management Group
Employee Severance Protection Plan” (the “Plan”), (ii) to eliminate the
requirement that the Company provide a Gross-Up Payment (as defined in the
Agreement) to Employee under Section 13 of the Agreement and under
Section 6.01 of the Plan, and (iii) to permit the reduction of the amount
of “Total Payments” paid to Employee following a Change in Control (as defined
in the Agreement).




NOW,
THEREFORE, for and in
consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and obligations contained
herein, the Company and the Employee agree as follows:




1. Section
10.7 is amended by deleting the first sentence in said Section in its entirety
and substituting in lieu thereof the following:




In
the
event of a Change in Control or a termination of Employee’s employment under
this Agreement for any reason, Employee shall have no right to receive any
compensation, remuneration, bonus or benefit for any period subsequent to the
Date of Termination or the Change in Control, as the case may be, except as
may
be provided in Sections 11, 12 and 13 or pursuant to the Second Amended
and Restated Management Group Employee Severance Protection Plan effective
August 15, 2006.




2. Section
10.7 is amended by deleting the last sentence in said Section in its entirety
and substituting
in lieu thereof the following:



In
the
event that Employee elects to receive any severance benefits pursuant to
the
Second Amended and Restated Management Group Employee Severance Protection
Plan
effective August 15, 2006, or any similar plan, program, or arrangement of
Employer, Employee shall not be entitled to receive any compensation,
remuneration, bonus or benefit under Sections 11, 12, or 13 of this
Agreement. Further, Employee shall not be entitled to receive the Gross-Up
Payment as provided in Article VI of the Plan, but instead, the provisions
of
Section 13 of this Agreement (as amended herein) shall apply for all
purposes with respect to any benefits receivable by Employee under the Plan
(and
for all purposes relating the Employee, such provisions shall be considered
to
have been incorporated by reference in the Plan) including (i) the calculation
and limitation of the Total Payments Employee is to receive under the Plan,
(ii)
the calculation of the Excise Tax that may be imposed on Employee with respect
to such Total Payments, (iii) the calculation of any Underpayment and
indemnification of Employee with respect to any Underpayment related to benefits
under the Plan, and (iv) the time for payment of any such amounts by the
Company; for these purposes all defined terms in Section 13 shall apply
for all purposes of the Plan in connection with Employee’s benefits under the
Plan.




3. Section
11.7 is amended by deleting the last sentence in said Section in its entirety
and





























substituting
in lieu thereof the following:




If
Employee receives any compensation or benefits in accordance with this
Section 11, he expressly waives any right to participate in or receive
any benefits or payments under the Second Amended and Restated Management Group
Employee Severance Protection Plan effective August 15, 2006.




4. Section
13.1 is amended by deleting said Section in its entirety and substituting in
lieu thereof the following:




13.1 In
the event it shall be determined that any payment or distribution of any type
by
Employer to or for the benefit of Employee, whether paid or payable or
distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or
otherwise (the “Total Payments”), would be subject to the excise tax imposed by
Section 4999 of the Code or any interest or penalties with respect to such
excise tax (such excise tax, together with any such interest and penalties,
are
collectively referred to as the “Excise Tax”), then the amount of the Total
Payments, shall be reduced, so that the aggregate present value of all payments
in the nature of compensation to (or for the benefit of) Employee which are
contingent on a change of control (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2)(A) of the
Code) is the maximum amount of payments that could be made, without the
imposition of the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code. To the extent
the
Total Payments must be reduced in accordance with this Article VI, the
Company shall retain cash amounts that are otherwise payable to Employee, and,
if necessary, the Company shall retain such other amounts, in its discretion,
which would otherwise be payable to Employee.




5. Section
13.2 is amended by deleting said Section in its entirety and substituting in
lieu thereof the following:




13.2 All
determinations required to be made under this Section 13 shall be made by
an independent accounting firm retained by Employer on the date of the Change
in
Control (the “Accounting Firm”), which shall provide detailed supporting
calculations both to Employer and Employee within fifteen (15) business days
of
the Payment Date, if applicable, or such earlier time as is requested by
Employer. If the Accounting Firm determines that no Excise Tax is payable by
Employee, it shall furnish Employee with an opinion that he has substantial
authority not to report any Excise Tax on his federal income tax return. Any
determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon Employer and
Employee. As a result of the uncertainty in the application of Section 4999
of
the Code at the time of the initial determination by the Accounting Firm
hereunder, it is possible that such Accounting Firm may miscalculate the maximum
amount of Total Payments Employee may receive under Section 13.1 with
imposition of an excise tax under Code Section 4999; if such miscalculation
results in the imposition of an excise tax on Employee, any Excise Tax amounts
that Employee is required to pay shall be referred to as an “Underpayment.” In
the event that Employer exhausts its remedies pursuant to Section 13.3
and Employee thereafter is required to make a payment of any Underpayment,
the
Accounting Firm shall determine the amount of the Underpayment and Employer
shall pay to Employee an amount (the “Indemnification Amount”) such that, after
payment by Employee of all taxes (including additional excise taxes under said
Section 4999 and any interest and penalties imposed with respect to any taxes)
imposed upon the Indemnification Amount, Employee retains an amount equal to
the
Underpayment. Employer shall pay the Indemnification Amount to Employee as
soon
as practicable after determination of Employee’s liability for the
Underpayment.




6. Section
13.3 is amended by deleting the first sentence in said Section in its entirety
and



























substituting
in lieu thereof the following:




Employee
shall notify Employer in writing of any claim by the Internal Revenue Service
that, if successful, would require the payment by Employee of any Underpayment.




7. Section
13.3 is amended by deleting the last sentence in said Section in its entirety
and substituting in lieu thereof the following:




Furthermore,
Employer’s control of the contest shall be limited to issues with respect to
which any Underpayment would be payable hereunder and Employee shall be entitled
to settle or contest, as the case may be, any other issue raised by the Internal
Revenue Service or any other taxing authority.




8. Section
13.4 is amended by deleting the last sentence in said Section in its entirety
and substituting in lieu thereof the following:




If,
after
the receipt by Employee of an amount advanced by Employer pursuant to
Section
13.3,
a
determination is made that Employee shall not be entitled to any refund with
respect to such claim and Employer does not notify Employee in writing of its
intent to contest such denial of refund prior to the expiration of thirty (30)
days after such determination, then such advance shall be forgiven and shall
not
be required to be repaid and the amount of such advance shall offset, to the
extent thereof, the amount of any Underpayment required to be paid.




9. Except
as
amended hereby, the Agreement, as previously amended, shall remain in full
effect.




IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this amendment to the Agreement to
be
executed and delivered on December 31, 2007.



XTO
ENERGY
INC.






By:  /s/
Vaughn O. Vennerberg II

Vaughn
O. Vennerberg II


Senior
Executive Vice President
and Chief of Staff







EMPLOYEE



/s/
Bob R.
Simpson

Bob
R.
Simpson
















