






ex101.htm







Exhibit 10.1











March 26,
2009







Scott D.
Stowell

30141
Saddleridge Dr.

San Juan
Capistrano, CA  92675





Dear
Scott:



Re:           Employment
Arrangement



This
letter will serve to confirm your employment arrangement for calendar years 2009
and 2010 (the "Period"),
which is as follows:





1.


Duties.  You
will serve as Chief Operating Officer of Standard Pacific Corp. (the
"Company").  You
acknowledge that the Company is undertaking a restructuring which may
reduce or otherwise alter the size and scope of the Company and your
responsibilities, including, without limitation, the addition or
elimination of Company regions and divisions, significant alterations to
the Company’s corporate office and staff, and a restructuring, addition or
elimination of various other aspects of the operations of the
Company.  We agree that in no case will any such changes include
a requirement that you relocate your current primary office more than
thirty-five miles from its existing location without your
consent.










2.


Base
Salary; Benefits.  Your
base salary will be $750,000 per year, payable semi-monthly (subject to
all applicable taxes and withholdings)  and you will be entitled
to participate in the health and welfare programs we make generally
available to all employees of the Company from time to time (i.e., health,
dental, vision, 401(k)).










3.


Discretionary
Bonus.  In
addition to your base salary and benefits, you will be eligible to receive
an annual discretionary bonus (the "Discretionary
Bonus") based on the Compensation Committee’s subjective evaluation
of your performance and its evaluation of the Company’s overall financial
condition.  The payment and the amount of the Discretionary
Bonus, if any, will at all times be at the sole discretion of the
Compensation Committee.










4.


Retention
Bonus.  If
you remain employed by the Company through December 31, 2010, then you
will be paid a retention bonus of $2.5 million dollars (the "Retention
Bonus"), less all applicable taxes and withholdings.  If
you resign your employment for any reason other than for "good reason" (as
defined below), or if your employment is terminated for "cause" (as
defined below) before December 31, 2010, then you will not be eligible for
the Retention Bonus.  Should the Company terminate your
employment for reasons other than "cause" or should you resign for "good
reason" on or prior to December 31, 2010, then you will receive the full
amount of the Retention Bonus (less all applicable taxes and withholdings)
as a severance payment.  This severance payment will be paid in
lieu of any other severance or other payment to which you might otherwise
be entitled under any plan, program or arrangement, including, without
limitation, any payment that may otherwise be due under the December 1,
2006 Change of Control Agreement between you and the Company ("CIC
Agreement").  Payment of the Retention Bonus, irrespective of
whether or not it is being paid as a severance payment, is also subject to
the conditions described in Section
5 below.  For purposes of this
letter:










·


"Cause"
shall mean the occurrence or existence of any of the following with
respect to you:  (a) your conviction by, or entry of a plea of
guilty or nolo contendere in, a court of competent and final jurisdiction
for any crime involving moral turpitude or any felony punishable by
imprisonment in the jurisdiction involved; (b) your willful engaging in
dishonest or fraudulent actions or omissions which results directly or
indirectly in any demonstrable material financial or economic harm to the
Company or its affiliates;  (c) your willful breach or willful
and habitual neglect of your material duties, and such breach or neglect
remains uncured for a period of forty-five (45) days after written
notice from the Company; (d) your repeated non-prescription use of any
controlled substance which in the Company's reasonable determination
renders you unfit to serve in your capacity as an officer or employee of
the Company or its affiliates; or  (e) your physical destruction
of substantial property or assets of the Company or its affiliates;
and










·


"Good
reason" shall mean (a) the failure to provide you the base salary and/or
the benefits described in Section 2 above, or (b) requiring you to
relocate your current primary office more than 35 miles from its existing
location without your consent In order to receive the Retention Bonus as
severance pay in connection with a resignation for "good reason," you must
resign within 60 days of becoming aware of the facts or circumstances
constituting "good reason."










5.


Required
Release; Timing of Payment.  Payment
of any Retention Bonus (including any Retention Bonus that serves as a
severance payment) otherwise due to you is conditioned upon (i) your
execution and delivery of the Company’s standard form of general release
(the "Release")
which will provide for your release of any and all claims you may have
against the Company arising in connection with events, circumstances,
acts, omissions or other events occurring prior to the effective date of
the Release, and
(ii) the expiration of your right to revoke, if any, contained in the
Release.   You shall have no right to receive the Retention
Bonus if the conditions described in the preceding sentence are not met,
irrespective of whether or not it is being paid as a severance
payment.  Any Retention Bonus due to you while you remain an
employee of the Company will be paid in cash in a single lump sum within
ten (10) days following the effective date of the Release, unless a longer
period is required to comply with any applicable law, rule or regulation;
provided that if such Release is effective earlier than January 31, 2011,
the Company shall have until January 31, 2011 to pay the Retention
Bonus.  Any Retention Bonus due to you as a severance payment
will be paid to you in a single lump sum upon the effectiveness of the
Release, unless a longer period is required to comply with any applicable
law, rule or regulation (and, for the avoidance of doubt, payment shall be
delayed until six (6) months after your termination to the extent required
by Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code).  In all events,
the Release must be executed by you no later than sixty (60) days
following your termination of employment or the scheduled payment date for
the Retention Bonus, as applicable.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Compensation Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors
shall have the authority to pay up to 25% of the Retention Bonus at any
time following December 31, 2009 in advance of when it would otherwise be
due.  Any amount paid pursuant to the preceding sentence will be
deducted dollar for dollar from the final Retention Bonus payable to
you.










6.


Termination
of Change in Control Agreement; Waiver of Claims.   This
Agreement replaces and supersedes your CIC Agreement, which is hereby
terminated, and you acknowledge that you will have no further rights under
the CIC Agreement. You further agree that in consideration for your being
eligible for the Retention Bonus described in Section 4 above, you release
and waive any claims, complaints or lawsuits you may have for benefits or
payments under the CIC
Agreement.










7.


Prohibition
on Transfer.  You
may not transfer all or any portion of your Retention Bonus prior to
actual payment.










8.


At-Will
Employment.  Nothing
herein shall modify your status as an at-will employee of the
Company.  As an at-will employee, you are free to resign your
employment and the Company is free to terminate your employment at any
time for any reason, with or without
cause.










9.


Arbitration.  Any
and all disputes between you and the Company (including its affiliated
entities, officers, directors and employees) relating to this Agreement or
any other aspect of your employment shall be resolved by binding
arbitration.  The arbitration will be conducted in accordance
with the rules applicable to employment disputes of JAMS or such other
arbitration service as the Company and you agree upon, and the law of
California.  The Company will be responsible for paying any
filing fee and the fees and costs of the arbitrator.  The
arbitration provided herein shall be the exclusive and binding remedy for
any such dispute and will be used instead of any court action, which is
hereby expressly waived, except for any request by either party hereto for
temporary or preliminary injunctive relief pending arbitration in
accordance with applicable law.  The Federal Arbitration Act
shall govern the interpretation and enforcement of such arbitration
proceeding.  The arbitrator shall apply the substantive law (and
the law of remedies, if applicable) of the State of California, or federal
law, if California law is preempted.  The arbitration shall be
conducted in Orange County, California, unless otherwise mutually
agreed.










10.


Entire
Agreement; Confidentiality.  This
letter contains the entire understanding between you and the Company
regarding your compensation for calendar years 2009 and 2010 and
supersedes and replaces all prior and contemporary oral and written
agreements, understandings and discussions concerning your compensation
for calendar years 2009 and 2010.  This Agreement may not be
modified or amended except by virtue of a writing signed by you and the
CEO of the Company. You agree that you will keep the terms of this letter
agreement confidential.








If the
terms of this letter agreement are acceptable to you, please sign and return one
copy to the Human Resource Department.  If you have any questions,
please contact me at your earliest convenience.






Sincerely,	 	Accepted
and Agreed:

STANDARD
PACIFIC CORP.

/s/
Ken Campbell	 	 /s/
Scott D. Stowell

Ken
Campbell

President
& Chief Executive Officer


Scott
D. Stowell, an individual















