






Executive Employment Agreement - George Paz - Apr 2005




UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION




WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

______________



FORM
8-K

______________



CURRENT
REPORT




PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934




Date of
report (Date of earliest event reported): April 11, 2005




EXPRESS
SCRIPTS, INC.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

______________





DELAWARE

0-20199

43-1420563


(State
or Other Jurisdiction of

Incorporation
or Organization

(Commission
File Number)

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)









13900
Riverport Drive, Maryland Heights, MO

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices)

63043

(Zip
Code)







Registrant’s
telephone number including area code: 314-770-1666




No change
since last report

(Former
Name or Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

______________



Check the
appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions (see
General
Instruction A.2. below):







¨

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR
230.425)










¨

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14a-12)










¨

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14d-2(b))










¨

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.13e-4(c))


































Item
1.01 Material
Definitive Agreement





On April
11, 2005 the Express Scripts, Inc (the “Company”) and George Paz entered into a
new employment agreement in connection with Mr. Paz’s promotion to the office of
Chief Executive Officer (the “Agreement”). Pursuant Agreement, Mr. Paz’s
previous employment agreement with the Company, entered into in April 2004 (the
“2004 Agreement”) with Mr. Paz was terminated other than those terms addressing
the stock option and restricted stock grants under the 2004 Agreement, which
terms were incorporated by reference into the Agreement.




The
Agreement was effective as of April 1, 2005 with an initial term through March
31, 2008. The Agreement provides for (i) an initial base salary of $650,000
(which may not be reduced after any increase); (ii) a guaranteed minimum annual
bonus target under the Company’s bonus plan of 100% of Mr. Paz’s annual base
salary, with a bonus opportunity for each calendar year during the employment
period of up to 200% of the executive’s guaranteed minimum annual bonus in the
event the Company achieves certain “stretch” financial and work plan goals;
(iii) participation in the Company’s benefit and incentive plans and other
arrangements in accordance with their terms; (iv) the crediting of a deferred
bonus in the amount of $200,000 to the executive’s retirement account in the
Company’s Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (the “EDCP”), subject to the
terms and conditions of the EDCP, which bonus generally vests at the end of the
initial employment period except as described below; (v) a grant under the
Company’s 2000 Long Term Incentive Plan (the “2000 LTIP”) of an option to
purchase 40,000 shares of the Common Stock, vesting in three equal increments on
March 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008; and (vi) such perquisites and fringe
benefits to which similarly situated Company executives are entitled and which
are suitable for Mr. Paz’s position.




If Mr.
Paz’s employment is terminated prior to expiration of the employment period, he
is not entitled to receive any further payments or benefits that have not
already been paid or provided (including any unvested portion of the option
grant or restricted stock award) except as follows:




Mr.
Paz will be entitled to all previously earned and accrued, but unpaid,
annual base salary.





If
Mr. Paz’s employment is terminated by the Company other than for Cause or
Disability, or by Mr. Paz for Good Reason (as those terms are defined in
the Agreement), Mr. Paz is entitled to receive: (i) a pro rata portion of
the restricted stock award under the 2004 Agreement based on the number of
days worked during the employment period under the 2004 Agreement; (ii) a
severance benefit equal to 18 months of his base salary plus a specified
portion of his bonus potential for the year based on the average
percentage of the potential earned for the three prior years; (iii)
reimbursement for the cost of continuing medical insurance for Mr. Paz,
his spouse and any eligible dependents for 36 months after termination of
employment; and (iv) a pro rata portion of the deferred bonus based on the
number of days worked during the initial employment
period.





If
Mr. Paz’s employment terminates on account of Disability or retirement
(i.e., voluntary retirement on or after age 59 ½ but not within 90 days
after a change in control (as defined in the Agreement) of the Company)
prior to the end of his employment period under the Agreement, Mr. Paz
generally is entitled to receive (i) a certain percentage of the
restricted stock award calculated pursuant to the terms of the Agreement,
(ii) a pro rata portion of the deferred bonus, and (iii) reimbursement for
the cost of continuing medical insurance for Mr. Paz, his spouse and any
eligible dependents for 36 months after termination of employment.






If
Mr. Paz’s employment terminates on account of death prior to the end of
his employment period under the Agreement, Mr. Paz’s estate generally is
entitled to receive (i) 100% of the restricted stock award calculated
pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, (ii) 100% of the deferred bonus,
and (iii) reimbursement for the cost of continuing medical insurance for
Mr. Paz’ spouse and any eligible dependents for 36 months after
termination of employment.





If Mr.
Paz’s employment is terminated prior to expiration of the employment period
(including any renewal period in effect) for any reason, then he is prohibited
from competing against the Company for 18 months after such termination. If
termination of employment occurs solely as a result of expiration of the
Agreement, Mr. Paz is prohibited from competing for one year after such
termination. Mr. Paz is also subject to certain non-solicitation and
non-disclosure limitations. Entitlement to the severance benefit described above
(including any prorated portion) is contingent upon compliance with these
restrictive covenants. The parties also agreed that in the event any severance
or similar payments to be made to Mr. Paz following termination (other than
payments under the EDCP) should be subject to the restrictions of Section 409A
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, then the parties would
negotiate in good faith to amend the Agreement to the extent necessary to create
payment terms with respect to such post-termination payments which are as close
as possible to those originally set forth in the Agreement while not violating
the terms of Section 409A.



In the
event that any amount or benefit paid or distributed to Mr. Paz pursuant to the
Agreement, taken together with any amounts or benefits otherwise paid or
distributed to the executive by the Company pursuant to any other arrangement or
plan (collectively, the “Covered Payments”), would result in the executive’s
liability for the payment of an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Internal
Revenue Code (or any similar state or local tax) (collectively, the “Excise
Tax”), the Company will make a “gross-up” payment to the executive to fully
offset the Excise Tax provided the aggregate present value of the Covered
Payments is equal to or exceeds 125% of the maximum total payment which could be
made to the executive without triggering the Excise Tax. If the aggregate
present value of the Covered Payments, however, exceeds such maximum amount, but
is less than 125% of such maximum amount, then the Company may, in its
discretion, reduce the Covered Payments so that no portion of the Covered
Payments is subject to the Excise Tax, and no gross-up payment will be
made.



Item
1.02 Termination
of Material Definitive Agreement




In
connection with entering into the agreement with Mr. Paz described in Item 1.01
above, the Company and Mr. Paz terminated the 2004 Agreement entered into on
April 15, 2004 between the Company and Mr. Paz. A brief description of the terms
and conditions of such employment agreement was provided in the Company’s Proxy
Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 16, 2004, which description is
incorporated herein by reference. The Company did not incur any early
termination penalties in connection with the termination of such employment
agreement.




SIGNATURE



Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has
duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized.









EXPRESS
SCRIPTS, INC.






Date:
April 14, 2005

By:
/s/ Thomas M.
Boudreau


Thomas
M. Boudreau

Sr.
Vice President & General Counsel

































EXHIBIT
INDEX









Exhibit
No.

Description



10.1

Employment
Agreement dated April 11, 2005

















