








EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
BETWEEN
HAMPSHIRE DESIGNERS, INC.
AND
MICHAEL CULANG


THIS AGREEMENT made and entered into as of the 1st day of July 2005 (the
"Effective Date") by and between Hampshire Designers, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, with offices at 119 West 40th Street, New York, NY 10018
("Hampshire Designers" or the "Company") and Michael Culang, an individual
residing at 180 East End Avenue, Apt. 16D, New York, NY 10128 ("Culang").

WHEREAS, Hampshire Designers is a wholly owned subsidiary of Hampshire
Group, Limited ("Hampshire Group") and is composed of two operating divisions
(each referred to as a "Division") - Hampshire Brands, a men's division
("Hampshire Brands") and Designers Originals, a women's division ("Designers
Originals");

WHEREAS, Culang is currently employed as President and Chief Executive
Officer of Hampshire Brands;

WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ Culang as Chief Executive Officer of
the Company to render services upon the terms and conditions stated in this
Agreement; and

WHEREAS, Culang desires to accept such employment with the Company upon the
terms and conditions stated in this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, mutual covenants,
conditions and promises in this Agreement, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Term. The terms of this Agreement shall apply for the remainder of
fiscal year 2005 and for each fiscal year thereafter unless sooner terminated as
herein provided.

2. Salary. As compensation for his services, Culang will be paid a base
salary of Six Hundred Thousand Dollars ($600,000.00) per annum, payable in
monthly installments less appropriate withholdings and deductions required by
law.

3. Annual Bonus.

(A) For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005:

(i) Culang shall be entitled to receive an annual bonus ("Annual
Bonus") for year based upon the Bonus Program for Hampshire Brands set forth on
Schedule 1 attached hereto.

(ii) Further, as compensation for assuming the Chief Executive
Officer's responsibilities of Designers Originals, Culang shall be entitled to
receive additional annual bonus of One Hundred Seventy Five Thousand dollars
($175,000.00).


<PAGE>

(B) For each Employment Year thereafter:

(i) Culang shall be entitled to receive an Annual Bonus based
upon the Bonus Program for Hampshire Brands set forth on Schedule 2 attached,
and the Bonus Program for Designers Originals set forth on Schedule 3 attached.
For 2006, the Designers Originals basis for calculation of the Annual Bonus
shall be the 2005 actual Pretax Income, Net Sales and Gross Margin.

(ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing the company guarantee Culang's
Annual Bonus to be not less than Three Hundred Thousand Dollars ($300,000.00).

4. Pre-Paid Bonus. The Company agrees to pre-pay annually to Culang One
hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($150,000) of the anticipated Annual Bonus
("Pre-Paid Bonus"), which amount will be made in equal monthly installments
`twelve Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($12,500.00), less appropriate
withholdings and deductions required by law, commencing July 1, 2005. In the
event the Annual Bonus earned by Culang in any given year ("Actual Amount") is
less than the Pre-Paid Bonus for that year, such shortfall shall be deducted
from succeeding years' Annual Bonus.

5. Automobile Allowance. The Company shall give Culang an automobile
allowance in the amount of Twenty Five Thousand Dollars ($25,000) per annum
commencing January 1, 2005.

6. Termination.

(A) The Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time
for any reason by giving written notice at least six (6) months prior to the
effective date of termination. If Culang's employment is terminated by the
Company for reasons other than for cause. Culang shall be paid severance in the
amount of Three Hundred, Seventy Five Thousand Dollars ($375,000) (i.e., six
months' Salary and Pre-Paid Bonus), payable in monthly installments of Sixty Two
Thousand, Five Hundred Dollars ($62,500.00) less appropriate withholdings and
deductions required by law. In addition, Culang will be entitled to a pro rata
share of any Annual Bonus earned up to six (6) months after the effective day of
termination calculated at year end, less the amounts pre-paid to Culang pursuant
to Paragraphs 3 and 6 hereunder. Culang will not be entitled to and shall not
receive any additional compensation or benefits of any other type following the
effective date of termination. If the Company terminates the employment for
cause. Culang will not be entitled to and shall not receive any severance, bonus
or benefits of any type following the effective date of termination.

(B) Culang may terminate the employment relationship at any time for any
reason by giving written notice at least three (3) months prior to the effective
date of termination. In the event of termination of Culang's employment under
this Paragraph 6(B), he shall have the right to retain all compensation and
reimbursements for outstanding expenses incurred on behalf of the Company
through the effective date of termination but will not be entitled to and shall
not receive any severance, bonus or benefits of any type following the effective
date of termination.

7. Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire understanding of
the Company and Culang with respect to compensation of Culang and supersedes any
and all prior

<PAGE>

understandings, written or oral. This Agreement may not be amended, waived,
discharged or terminated orally, but only by an instrument in writing with the
consent of both parties.

8. Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the
conflict of law principles thereof.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have set their respective hands and
seals as of the day and year first above written.



HAMPSHIRE DESIGNERS, INC.



By: /s/ Ludwig Kuttner                   /s/ Michael Culang
Ludwig Kuttner, Chairman             Michael Culang



