






Exhibit 10.1 Amendment No. 1 to Steven Stringer's Employment Agreement




Exhibit
10.1



AMENDMENT
NO. 1 TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT



This
AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this "Amendment") is made
this  6th day of March, 2006 by and between MTM
Technologies, Inc., a New York corporation (the "Company"), and Steven
Stringer (the "Executive").



WHEREAS,
the parties entered into an Employment Agreement, dated October 1, 2004 (the
“Agreement”), whereby the Company employed the Executive as the Executive Vice
President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company on the terms and conditions
set forth therein;



WHEREAS,
the parties desire to amend the Agreement as set forth herein.



NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and representations
contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt
and
adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:




Sections
2 of the Agreement shall be replaced in its entirety with the
following:



2.
Duties
and Status.



The
Company hereby engages the Executive as President and Chief Operating Officer
of
the Company on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. During
the
Employment Period, the Executive shall report directly to the Company's Chief
Executive Officer and exercise such authority, perform such executive duties
and
functions and discharge such executive responsibilities as are reasonably
associated with the Executive's position, consistent with the responsibilities
assigned to officers of companies comparable to the Company, commensurate with
the authority vested in the Executive pursuant to this Agreement and consistent
with the By-laws of the Company. The Executive will render such business and
professional services in the performance of his duties, consistent with the
Executive's position within the Company, as shall reasonably be assigned to
him
by the Company's Chief Executive Officer. During the Employment Period, the
Executive shall devote substantially all of his business time and his full
skill
and efforts to the business of the Company.



Sections
3(a) and (b) of the Agreement shall be replaced in their entirety with the
following:



3.    Compensation;
Benefits and Expenses.





(a)   Salary.
Effective as of January 1, 2006 and during the remainder of the Employment
Period, the Company shall pay to the Executive, as compensation for the
performance of his duties and obligations under this Agreement, a base salary
at
the rate of $335,000 per annum, payable in arrears not less frequently than
monthly in accordance with the normal payroll practices of the Company. The
Executive's base salary shall be subject to review each year for possible
increase by the Company's Board of Directors ("Board") in its sole discretion,
but in no event shall such base salary be decreased from its then existing
level
during the Employment Period.



(b)   Bonus.
During
the Employment Period, in addition to the base salary payable to the Executive
hereunder, the Executive shall also be eligible to receive, as additional
compensation,











1



















an
annual
bonus (the “Total Bonus”) equal to fifty percent (50%) of his base salary as set
forth in Section 3(a) hereof. The Total Bonus will consist of two parts,
an
“EBITDA Bonus” in an amount equal to seventy - five percent (75%) of the Total
Bonus and a “Strategic Bonus” in an amount equal to twenty-five percent (25%) of
the Total Bonus. Any EBITDA Bonus or Strategic Bonus earned shall be paid
in the
next payroll cycle following the release of earnings for the applicable
quarter
or year, as the case may be.







(i) EBITDA
Bonus Payment.
Eighty
percent (80%) of the EBITDA Bonus shall be payable in four equal quarterly
installments based on the Company’s fiscal quarters, and payment for any
applicable quarter shall be conditioned upon the achievement of the quarterly
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”) target
for such fiscal quarter as established by Board or the Compensation Committee
thereof under the Company’s management bonus plan for senior executives. Twenty
percent (20%) of the EBITDA Bonus shall be payable annually based on the
Company’s fiscal year and payment for any fiscal year shall be conditioned upon
the achievement of the EBITDA target for such year as established by the Board
or the Compensation Committee thereof under the Company’s management bonus plan
for senior executives. In the event of any adjustment to the Company’s reported
financial results for any of the first, second or third fiscal quarter of any
fiscal year year, which adjustment reduces the actual EBITDA for that period
such that the EBITDA Bonus for that period paid to the Executive would not
have
been due and payable, the Executive shall, upon written request by the Company,
promptly repay to the Company the full amount of the EBITDA Bonus for such
period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Company’s management
bonus plan for senior executives for any period does not include a similar
repayment provision for the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, the foregoing
sentence shall not apply during such period.



(ii)
Strategic
Bonus Payment.
The
Strategic Bonus shall be payable annually based on the Company’s fiscal year and
payment for any fiscal year shall be conditioned upon the achievement of
strategic objectives for the Executive as determined by the Company’s Chief
Executive Officer.



Except
as
amended by this Amendment, the Agreement remains in full force and
effect.












2




















IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as of March
6,
2006.






MTM
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.







/s/
Steven Stringer




Steven
Stringer




/s/
Francis J. Alfano




Francis
J. Alfano

Chief
Executive Officer



















3






















