








Exhibit 10.1
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement (the "Agreement") is made
as  of  August  10,  2005, by and between Digital  Lifestyle
Group,  Inc., Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  "Company"),
and   Andy  Teng,  a  resident  of  the  City  of  Industry,
California ("Employee").

WHEREAS, the Company desires to obtain the services
of Employee, and Employee desires to provide services to the
Company, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement;

NOW,    THEREFORE,      for   good   and   valuable
consideration,  the  receipt and sufficiency  of  which  are
hereby  acknowledged,  the Company  and  Employee  agree  as
follows:

1.   Employment.  Effective on the Effective  Date
(as  defined  in  Section 2) and subject to  the  terms  and
conditions of this Agreement, the Company agrees  to  employ
Employee  as  the  Company's Chief  Executive  Officer,  and
Employee  agrees  to perform  the  duties  associated   with
that    position    diligently   and   to   the   reasonable
satisfaction   of  the Company.  Employee shall  devote  his
full  time  and  attention to the business of  the  Company.
Employee's  principal place of employment will  be  City  of
Industry, California.

2. Term and Termination.  Employee will be employed
under  this Agreement for an initial term of one  year  (the
"Initial Term"), beginning on the date of the Agreement (the
"Effective Date").  This Agreement will renew for successive
one  year periods after the completion of the Initial  Term,
unless  either  party  gives prior  written  notice  to  the
contrary  to the other party no less than 30 days  prior  to
the  end of the Initial Term or renewal period, as the  case
may be.

3. Compensation.

(a)   Salary.     Beginning  on the Effective Date and
thereafter  during  the  term of this Agreement, the Company
shall  pay  Employee  a  base  salary  of  $6,000  per month
("Base Salary"),  payable  in  accordance  with  the payroll
practices of the Company. In addition  to the  Base  Salary,
Employee shall be  entitled   to  receive $1,000  per  month
as an expense allowance.   Any  additional expenses incurred
by Employee must be documented and will be subject to review
by  the  Company.    All  of  Employee's compensation  under
this Agreement  will be subject to deduction and withholding
authorized or required by law.

(b)  Stock Options.  The Company will grant Employee a
stock  option to purchase 3,000,000 shares of the  Company's
common stock, par value $0.03 per share ("Common Stock"), on
a  fully  diluted  basis,  as of the  Effective  Date.   The
exercise  price per share of such option shall be $0.20  and
shall  have  a  term of three (3) years, and  will  vest  in
twelve (12) equal monthly installments ("Vesting Schedule"),
beginning with the first vesting exactly one (1) month after
the   Effective  Date  and  thereafter  in  eleven   monthly
installments in accordance with the Vesting Schedule.

<PAGE>

In  addition, after six months from the date of  this
Agreement,  the  Company will grant  Employee,  so  long  as
Employee remains an Employee pursuant to the terms  of  this
Agreement, a stock option to purchase 100,000 shares of  the
Company's  common stock each month beginning in the  seventh
(7th) month following the Effective Date and continuing  for
six (6) months thereafter, for a total of 600,000 shares  of
the  Company's  common stock ("Performance  Options").   The
exercise  price per share of any of the Performance  Options
shall be $0.50 and shall have term(s) of three (3) years.

If  this  Agreement is terminated for any  reason  in
accordance  with Section 2 hereinabove, Employee shall  have
six  (6) months from the date of termination to exercise all
vested stock options, or such vested stock options shall  be
forfeited.

4.  Board Seat.  The Company will appoint Employee
as  the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company as
of  the Effective Date, and Employee shall have the right to
immediately  appoint  one  (1) additional  director  at  his
discretion.

5.  Employee Benefits.  Beginning on the Effective
Date and thereafter during the term of this  Agreement,  the
Company  will   provide to Employee such  fringe   benefits,
perquisites, vacation  and other  benefits  that the Company
generally  provides  to its  executive  employees.

6.   Indemnification.  The Company agrees that  if
Employee  is  made a party or is threatened  to  be  made  a
party  to  any  action, suit or proceeding,  whether  civil,
criminal,  administrative or investigative (a "Proceeding"),
by  reason  of the fact that Employee is or was  a  trustee,
director or officer of the Company or any affiliate  of  the
Company  or is or was serving at the request of the  Company
or   any   affiliate   as  a  trustee,  director,   officer,
member,  employee  or agent  of  another  corporation  or  a
partnership,  joint  venture,  trust or  other   enterprise,
including,   without limitation,  service  with  respect  to
employee  benefit plans,  whether or not the basis  of  such
Proceeding  is alleged action in an official capacity  as  a
trustee,  director,  officer,  member,  employee   or  agent
while   serving  as a  trustee, director,  officer,  member,
employee  or  agent,  Employee shall be indemnified  to  the
fullest   extent  authorized  by  California   law,  as  the
same  exists  or  may  hereafter be  amended,   against  all
expenses   incurred  or suffered by Employee  in  connection
therewith.   If  the Company  maintains  a  directors'   and
officers'  insurance  policy,  Employee  shall  be   covered
to the  same  extent  as other employees.

7.   No  Obligation  to  Third  Party.   Employee
represents  and  warrants that Employee  is  not  under  any
obligation to any person or other third party and  does  not
have  any   other   interest  that is  inconsistent   or  in
conflict  with this Agreement,  or which would substantially
prevent,  limit, or impair Employee's  performance of any of
the   covenants   hereunder  or  Employee's   duties  as  an
employee  of the Company

<PAGE>

8.  Severability.  If, at any time, any provision of
this  Agreement  shall  be  determined  to  be  invalid   or
unenforceable under any applicable law, by reason  of  being
vague  or  unreasonable as to area,  duration  or  scope  of
activity, this Agreement shall be considered  divisible  and
shall  become and be  immediately amended to only such area,
duration and scope of activity as shall be determined to  be
reasonable and enforceable by the court or other body having
jurisdiction over the matter and  Employee  and the  Company
agree that this  Agreement as so amended  shall be valid and
binding    as   though   any   invalid   or    unenforceable
provision had not been included herein.

9. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the
complete  agreement  of  the parties  with  respect  to  the
subject  matter hereof and supersedes any prior written,  or
prior  or contemporaneous oral, understandings or agreements
between  the parties that relates in any way to the  subject
matter  hereof.   This  Agreement may  be  amended  only  in
writing executed by the Company and Employee.

10.  Binding  Effect.   This  Agreement  shall  be
binding  upon  and  inure to the benefit of  the  respective
heirs,        executors,        administrators,        legal
representatives and successors of the Company and Employee.

11. Notice.  Any notice required or permitted under
this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have
been  given when  delivered  personally, by telecopy  or  by
overnight   courier  service or three days after being  sent
by  mail,  postage  prepaid,  to (a) if to the Company,   to
the Company's  principal place  of  business,  or (b)  if to
Employee,   to   Employee's   residence   or  to  Employee's
latest address then  contained in the Company's  records (or
to  such  changed  address as such person may   subsequently
give notice of in  accordance herewith).

12. Governing Law.  This agreement will be governed
by  and  construed  and interpreted in accordance  with  the
substantive laws of the State of California, without  giving
effect to any conflicts of law, rule or principle that might
require the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.

EMPLOYEE   AND  COMPANY  BOTH  ACKNOWLEDGE  THAT  EACH   HAS
CAREFULLY   REVIEWED  THE  PROVISIONS  CONTAINED   IN   THIS
AGREEMENT,  EACH  HAS  HAD THE OPPORTUNITY  TO  REVIEW  WITH
RESPECTIVE  ADVISORS AND COUNSEL, AND EACH  UNDERSTANDS  THE
CONTENTS  OF THIS AGREEMENT AND SIGNIFIES SUCH UNDERSTANDING
BY SIGNING HEREINBELOW.

<PAGE>

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and Employee have executed
and  delivered  this Agreement as of the  date  first  above
written.

DIGITAL LIFESTYLES GROUP, INC.

/s/ Jay Furrow
Name: Jay Furrow
Title: Director




/s/ Andy Teng
Andy Teng

<PAGE>

