








<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 10.2

VISTEON CORPORATION
SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN

Effective July 1, 2000, Together With All Amendments
Adopted Through February 9, 2005

<PAGE>

VISTEON CORPORATION
SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN

The Visteon Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the
"Plan") has been adopted to promote the best interests of Visteon Corporation
(the "Company") and the stockholders of the Company by attracting and retaining
key management employees possessing a strong interest in the successful
operation of the Company and its subsidiaries or affiliates and encouraging
their continued loyalty, service and counsel to the Company and its subsidiaries
or affiliates. The Plan is adopted effective July 1, 2000.

<PAGE>

ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

Section 1.01. Definitions. The following terms have the meanings indicated
below unless the context in which the term is used clearly indicates otherwise.

(a) Balance Plus Program: The Balance Plus component of the Visteon
Pension Plan.

(b) Beneficiary: The person or entity designated by a Participant to be
his or her beneficiary for purposes of this Plan (subject to such limitations as
to the classes and number of beneficiaries and contingent beneficiaries and such
other limitations as the Committee may prescribe). A Participant's designation
of beneficiary shall be valid and in effect only if a properly executed
designation, in such form as the Committee shall prescribe, is filed and
received by the Committee or its delegate prior to the Participant's death. If a
Participant designates his or her spouse as beneficiary, such beneficiary
designation automatically shall become null and void on the date of the
Participant's divorce or legal separation from such spouse. If a valid
designation of beneficiary is not in effect at the time of the Participant's
death, the estate of the Participant is deemed to be the sole beneficiary. If
multiple beneficiaries have been designated and one or more of the beneficiaries
predecease the Participant, then upon the Participant's death, payment shall be
made exclusively to the surviving beneficiary or beneficiaries unless the
Participant's designation specifies an alternate method of distribution.
Further, in the event that the Committee is uncertain as to the identity of the
Participant's beneficiary, the Committee may deem the estate of the Participant
to be the sole beneficiary. Beneficiary designations shall be in writing (or in
such other form as authorized by the Committee for this purpose, which may
include on-line designations), shall be filed with the Committee or its
delegate, and shall be in such form as the Committee may prescribe for this
purpose.

(c) Board: The Board of Directors of the Company.

(d) Code: The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as interpreted by regulations
and rulings issued pursuant thereto, all as amended and in effect from time to
time. Any reference to a specific provision of the Code shall be deemed to
include reference to any successor provision thereto.

<PAGE>

(e) Committee: The Organization and Compensation Committee of the Board.

(f) Company: Visteon Corporation, or any successor thereto.

(g) Covered Employment Classification: The employment positions classified
by the Company (or by a Participating Employer with the consent of the Company)
as Leadership Level One, Leadership Level Two, Leadership Level Three,
Leadership Level Four, Corporate Officer, Executive Leader or Senior Leader.

(h) Credited Service: The years and any fractional year of credited
service at retirement, without duplication and not exceeding one year for any
calendar year, of the Participant under all the Retirement Plans; provided, that
solely for purposes of this Plan as applied to a Participant who is a
Transferred Group I or II Employee as defined under the Visteon Pension Plan,
and subject to Section 2.03, the Participant's credited service under all of the
Retirement Plans shall be deemed to include, to the extent not otherwise
considered under the Retirement Plans, the Participant's credited service
recognized under the General Retirement Plan of Ford Motor Company for
employment through June 30, 2000.

(i) Eligibility Service: Subject to Section 2.05, service with a
Participating Employer while employed in a Covered Employment Classification;
provided, that in the case of a Participant who was covered under the Ford Motor
Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan on June 30, 2000, Eligibility
Service recognized for such Participant under the Ford Motor Company
Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan as of June 30, 2000 shall be recognized
as Eligibility Service under this Plan.

(j) Employee: A person who is (i) classified by a Participating Employer
as a common law employee enrolled on the active employment rolls of the
Participating Employer, and (ii) regularly employed by a Participating Employer
on a salaried basis (as distinguished from a pension, retirement allowance,
severance pay, retainer, commission, fee under a contract or other arrangement,
or hourly, piecework or other wage).

(k) ERISA: The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
interpreted by regulations and rulings issued pursuant thereto, all as amended
and in effect from time to

<PAGE>

time. Any reference to a specific provision of ERISA shall be deemed to include
reference to any successor provision thereto.

(l) Participant: Subject to Section 2.05, an Employee who is employed in a
Covered Employment Classification, and where the context so requires, a former
Employee entitled to receive a benefit hereunder.

(m) Participating Employer: The Company, Visteon Systems, LLC, Visteon
Global Technologies, Inc., and each other subsidiary a majority of the voting
stock of which is owned directly or indirectly by the Company or a limited
liability company a majority of the membership interest of which is owned
directly or indirectly by the Company, that with the consent of the Committee,
participates in the Plan for the benefit of one or more Participants in its
employ.

(n) Plan: The Visteon Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan,
as amended and in effect from time to time.

(o) Retirement Plans: The Visteon Pension Plan (other than the Balance
Plus Program) and the Salaried Retirement Plan of Visteon Systems, LLC, as
amended and in effect from time to time.

Section 1.02. Construction and Applicable Law.

(a) Wherever any words are used in the masculine, they shall be construed
as though they were used in the feminine in all cases where they would so apply;
and wherever any words are use in the singular or the plural, they shall be
construed as though they were used in the plural or the singular, as the case
may be, in all cases where they would so apply. Titles of articles and sections
are for general information only, and the Plan is not to be construed by
reference to such items.

(b) This Plan is intended to be a plan of deferred compensation maintained
for a select group of management or highly compensated employees as that term is
used in ERISA, and shall be interpreted so as to comply with the applicable
requirements thereof. In all other respects, the Plan is to be construed and its
validity determined according to the laws of the State of Michigan to the extent
such laws are not preempted by federal law. In case any provision of

<PAGE>

the Plan is held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity
will not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, but the Plan shall, to the
extent possible, be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid
provision had never been inserted.

<PAGE>

ARTICLE II. SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFITS FOR PARTICIPANTS OTHER THAN
PARTICIPANTS COVERED UNDER THE BALANCE PLUS PROGRAM

Section 2.01. Eligibility. Subject to Section 2.05, a Participant shall be
eligible to receive a supplemental benefit as provided in this Article II if the
Participant:

(a) retires directly from employment with a Participating Employer (i) on
normal or disability retirement under the Retirement Plan, or (ii) terminates
employment with the approval of the Participating Employer at or after age 55;

(b) is eligible to receive a monthly normal, disability or early
retirement benefit under one or more Retirement Plans (other than the Balance
Plus Program);

(c) has at least ten (10) years of Credited Service, without duplication,
under all Retirement Plans;

(d) has at least five continuous years of Eligibility Service immediately
preceding termination of employment, unless the eligibility condition set forth
in this subsection (d) is waived by the Chairman of the Board or the President
of the Company; and

(e) is not covered by the Balance Plus Program.

Section 2.02. Additional Definitions. For purposes of this Article II, the
following terms have the meanings indicated below:

(a) Final Five Year Average Base Salary: The average of the Participant's
Monthly Base Salary for the five December 31 measurement dates coincident with
or immediately preceding the Participant's retirement.

(b) Monthly Base Salary: Subject to Section 2.05, the monthly base salary
paid to a Participant while employed in a Covered Employment Classification on
December 31, prior to giving effect to any salary reduction agreement to which
Section 125 or Section 402(a)(8) of the Code applies, but not including any
other kind of extra or additional compensation. For purposes of this subsection,
base salary paid by Ford Motor Company prior to July 1, 2000 shall be treated as
if paid by the Company.

<PAGE>

Section 2.03. Amount of Supplemental Benefit.

(a) Subject to Section 2.05, any reductions pursuant to subsections (b)
and (c) below and to any limitations and reductions pursuant to other provisions
of the Plan, the monthly supplemental benefit shall be an amount equal to the
Participant's Final Five Year Average Base Salary multiplied by the
Participant's years of Credited Service at retirement, and further multiplied by
the Applicable Percentage based on the Covered Employment Classification in
which the Participant served immediately prior to his or her retirement, as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Covered Employment Classification
Immediately Prior to Retirement                       Applicable Percentage
<S>                                                    <C>
Chairman                                                       0.90%

President                                                      0.80%

Executive Vice President                                       0.80%

Senior Vice President                                          0.75%

Vice President                                                 0.70%

Executive Leader or Leadership                                 0.40%
Level Two

Senior Leader, Leadership Level Three, or                      0.20%
Leadership Level Four
</TABLE>

(b) For a Participant who is a Transferred Group I or II Employee as
defined under the Visteon Pension Plan and who is entitled to a benefit under
the Ford Motor Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, the monthly
supplement benefit payable hereunder shall be reduced by the amount of the
supplemental benefit to which the Participant is entitled under the Ford Motor
Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (or to which the Participant
would have been entitled under such plan except for any forfeiture of benefits
attributable to the Participant's conduct). In addition, the Committee may
further adjust the monthly supplemental benefit payable to a Participant who is
a Transferred Group I or II Employee if such action is necessary or desirable as
a result of changes in the Ford Motor Company Supplemental Executive Retirement
Plan or if such action is otherwise necessary or desirable in order to avoid
duplicative benefits or to ensure that the Participant's aggregate

<PAGE>

benefit from this Plan and from the Ford Motor Company Supplemental Executive
Retirement Plan, and the allocation of benefits between such plans, is
consistent with the Employee Transition Agreement dated April 1, 2000 by and
between the Company and Ford Motor Company, and any amendments thereto.

(c) For a Participant who shall retire before age 62, the monthly
supplemental benefit payable hereunder shall equal the amount calculated in
accordance with subsections (a) and (b) immediately above, reduced by 5/18 of 1%
multiplied by the number of months from the later of the date the supplemental
benefit commences, or age 55 in the case of earlier receipt by reason of
disability retirement, to the first day of the month after the Participant would
attain age 62.

Section 2.04. Payments. Subject to the earning-out conditions set forth in
Article VI, supplemental benefits, in the amount determined under Section 2.03,
shall be payable out of the Company's general funds monthly, commencing the
first day of the month following the Participant's termination of employment
after satisfying the eligibility requirements set forth in Section 2.01.
Payments to a Participant hereunder shall cease at the end of the month in which
the Participant dies. There is no pre-retirement or post-retirement death
benefit payable under this Article II following the death of the Participant.

Section 2.05. Special Rules for Certain Employees Affected by 2001 Work
Force Restructuring Program. The following rules shall apply to an Employee who
(i) was employed in a Covered Employment Classification immediately prior to the
Company's 2001 Work Force Restructuring (the "Restructuring"), and (ii)
continued to be employed by a Participating Employer following the Restructuring
but, as a result of the Restructuring, ceased to be employed in a Covered
Employment Classification:

(a) The Employee will continue as a Participant in the Plan
notwithstanding the Employee's transfer to a non-Covered Employment
Classification.

(b) The Employee will continue to accumulate Eligibility Service for
employment with a Participating Employer following the Restructuring, and such
employment shall be treated, for purposes of Section 1.01(j), 2.01(d) and
2.02(b), as if it were employment in an Eligible Employment Classification.

<PAGE>

(c) The amount of the Employee's supplemental benefit under Section 2.03
shall be based on the Covered Employment Classification in which the Employee
was employed immediately prior to the Restructuring.

<PAGE>

ARTICLE III. SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFITS FOR PARTICIPANTS IN THE
BALANCE PLUS PROGRAM

Section 3.01. Eligibility. A Participant shall be eligible to receive a
supplemental benefit as provided in this Article III if the Participant:

(a) is covered under and will receive a monthly annuity benefit from the
Balance Plus Program;

(b) is employed in a Covered Employment Classification at termination of
employment; and

(c) terminates employment after his or her SERP Eligibility Date with the
approval of the Participating Employer.

Section 3.02. Additional Definitions. For purposes of this Article III,
the following terms have the meanings indicated below:

(a) Annual Incentive: The portion of the Visteon Incentive Plan, or any
successor plan, that provides for incentive compensation that is awarded in the
form of a cash bonus and that is based on a performance period of 12 months or
less.

(b) Compensation: The Participant's compensation as defined in the Balance
Plus Program for purposes of determining cash balance accruals, plus for any
month after the Participant's SERP Eligibility Date, any Annual Incentive
amounts actually paid to the Participant (or that would have been paid to the
Participant except for the Participant's election to defer all or a portion of
such payment), all as determined without regard to the compensation limitation
of Code Section 401(a)(17).

(c) Final Average Compensation: The final average compensation that would
be determined for the Participant under the Balance Plus Program for purposes of
determining pension equity accruals if such final average compensation were
determined without regard to the compensation limitation of Code Section
401(a)(17), plus the average of the three highest consecutive Annual Incentive
amounts paid to the Participant (or that would have been paid to the Participant
except for the Participant's election to defer all or a portion of such payment)

<PAGE>

during the 120 month period immediately preceding the Participant's termination
of employment.

(d) SERP Eligibility Date: The date on which the Participant has, for each
of at least five years of Eligibility Service prior to the Participant's
termination of the employment with a Participating Employer, been selected to
participate in the Company's Annual Incentive program and has been granted a
target bonus under such program of at least 40% of the Participant's annual base
salary rate in effect on the date the target bonus amount is established.

Section 3.03. Amount of Supplemental Benefit.

(a) Subject to any limitations and reductions pursuant to other provisions
of the Plan, the monthly supplemental benefit shall be an amount equal to:

(i)   The monthly annuity benefit that the Participant would have
received under the Balance Plus Program if the Participant's
benefit under such program had been calculated in accordance
with the modifications described in subsection (b) below;
minus

(ii)  The monthly annuity benefit to which the Participant is
actually entitled under the Balance Plus Program; minus

(iii) The monthly annuity benefit to which the Participant is
actually entitled under the Visteon Corporation Pension Parity
Plan (or the monthly annuity benefit to which the Participant
would have been entitled under the Visteon Corporation Pension
Parity Plan except for the Participant's election of a single
sum payment).

(b) The monthly annuity benefit for purposes of subsection (a)(i) above is
the monthly annuity benefit to which the Participant would have been entitled
under the Balance Plus Program if the Participant's benefit under such program
were calculated consistent with the following modifications:

<PAGE>

(i)   Both for purposes of calculating the Participant's cash
balance benefit and for purposes of calculating the
Participant's pension equity benefit, the limitations of Code
Section 415 are disregarded;

(ii)  For purposes of calculating a Participant's cash balance
benefit, the benefit is calculated by applying the definition
of Compensation set forth in Section 3.02(b) above in lieu of
the definition set forth in the Balance Plus Program; and

(iii) For purposes of calculating a Participant's pension equity
benefit:

(A)   The benefit is calculated by applying a benefit
multiplier of 15% in lieu of the 12.5% benefit
multiplier specified in the Balance Plus Program;

(B)   The benefit is calculated by applying the definition of
Final Average Compensation set forth in Section 3.02(c)
above in lieu of the definition set forth in the Balance
Plus Program; and

(C)   The benefit is calculated by applying the following
early commencement reduction factors in lieu of the
early commencement factors set forth in the Balance Plus
Program:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Applicable Period Preceding Participant's
Normal Retirement Date                           Reduction
<S>                                            <C>
First 5 Years                             1.25% Per Year*
Years in Excess of 5 But Not More Than 20               3.75% Per Year*
Years in Excess of 20                Actuarially Equivalent Reduction*
</TABLE>

* The reduction will be prorated for portions of a year, by multiplying the
applicable reduction for a full year by a fraction, the numerator of which is
the number of full months in such partial year, and the denominator of which is
12. In addition, the reduction is cumulative, e.g., if the Applicable Period is
23 years prior to the Participant's Normal Retirement Date, the reduction is
1.25% for each of years one through five, 3.75% for each of years six through
20, and an Actuarially Equivalent reduction for years 21 through 23.

<PAGE>

(c) A Participant who becomes disabled while actively employed will
continue to accrue benefits under this Article III during the period of
disability to the same extent that the Participant accrues benefits under the
Balance Plus Program during the period of such disability.

Section 3.04. Payment of Supplemental Benefit. The Participant's monthly
supplemental benefit shall be paid by the Participating Employer in the same
form and for the same period the corresponding benefit under the Balance Plus
Program is paid. Accordingly, except as provided in Section 3.05, the
supplemental benefit shall be paid to the person receiving payment of the
corresponding benefit under payable at the same time and in the same form as
paid the Participant's benefit under the Balance Plus Program with each payment
being made, as nearly as practicable, at the same time as the corresponding
benefit from the Balance Plus Plan. The interest rates, mortality factors,
annuity conversion factors, early commencement reductions, assumptions for
converting from one form of benefit to another, and all other actuarial
conversion and adjustment factors, shall be the same as those applicable in
calculating the Participant's actual annuity benefit under the Balance Plus
Program.

Section 3.05. Death Benefits.

(a) If the Participant dies on or after the date on which payment of the
Participant's supplemental benefit has commenced, the only death benefits
payable shall be those (if any) that are payable under the form of annuity
benefit applicable to the Participant.

(b) If the Participant dies prior to the Participant's SERP Eligibility
Date, no benefits are payable following the Participant's death.

(c) If the Participant dies after the Participant's SERP Eligibility Date
but prior to the date on which payment of the Participant's supplemental benefit
has commenced, a single sum death benefit shall be paid to the Participant's
Beneficiary. The amount of the death benefit will be equal to the actuarially
equivalent single sum value of the monthly annuity benefit that otherwise would
have been payable under Section 3.03. Actuarial equivalence shall be determined
by using the interest rate and mortality table applicable under the Balance Plus
Program.

<PAGE>

ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONAL ANNUITIES

Section 4.01. Eligibility. The Committee, in its discretion, may award to
a Participant who is a Corporate Officer or an employee in Leadership Level One
additional retirement income in the form of a Conditional Annuity, which shall
become payable if the Participant shall retire directly from employment with a
Participating Employer either (i) on normal or disability retirement or (ii)
with the approval of the Participating Employer at or after age 55 on early
retirement. This Article III shall only apply to a Participant whose original
date of hire is prior to January 1, 2002.

Section 4.02. Amount of Conditional Annuity.

(a) In determining the amount of any Conditional Annuity to be awarded to
an eligible Participant for any year, the Committee shall consider the Company's
profit performance and the amount of supplemental compensation that is awarded
to such Participant for such year. Awards shall be made only for years in which
the Committee has decided, for reasons other than individual or corporate
performance or termination of employment, to award supplemental compensation to
an eligible Participant in an amount which is less than would have been awarded
if the historical relationship to awards to other executives had been followed
(including, for this purpose, the historical relationship to awards made by Ford
Motor Company with respect to periods prior to July 1, 2000, during which time
the Company was a wholly-owned subsidiary or division of Ford Motor Company).

(b) The aggregate annual amount payable under the Conditional Annuities
awarded to any eligible Participant and the annual amount payable to an eligible
Participant as a conditional annuity under the Ford Motor Company Supplemental
Executive Retirement Plan, shall not exceed an amount equal to the Applicable
Percentage of such Participant's Final Three Year Average Base Salary,
determined in accordance with the following table:

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Applicable Percentage
Number of Years for                                              All Other
Which a Conditional               Chairman                       Eligible
Annuity is Awarded              And President               Corporate Officers
<S>                             <C>                         <C>
1                           30%                              20%
2                           35                               25
3                           40                               30
4                           45                               35
5 or more                       50                               40
</TABLE>

The percentage shall be reduced pro rata to the extent that Credited
Service at retirement is less than 30 years.

(c) "Final Three Year Average Base Salary" means the average of the
Participant's Monthly Base Salary (as defined in Section 2.02) for the three
December 31 measurement dates coincident with or immediately preceding the
Participant's retirement.

Section 4.03. Payments.

(a) Subject to the earning-out conditions set forth in Article IV,
Conditional Annuities, in the amount determined under Section 4.02, shall be
payable out of the Company's general funds monthly beginning on the first day of
the month when the Participant's retirement benefit under any Retirement Plan or
under the Company's Executive Separation Allowance Plan begins. Except as
provided in Section 4.04, payments with respect to a Participant hereunder shall
cease at the end of the month in which such Participant dies.

(b) For a Participant who retires before age 65, the monthly payment under
any Conditional Annuity awarded to such Participant shall equal the actuarial
equivalent (based on factors determined by the Company's independent consulting
actuary) of the monthly amount payable for retirement at age 65.

Section 4.04. Death Benefits. Upon death before retirement but at or after
age 55, the Participant's Beneficiary shall be paid a lump sum equal to 30 times
(representing 30 months) the aggregate monthly amount payable under such
Participant's Conditional Annuities if the

<PAGE>

Participant had been age 55 at death, increased by one-third of one month for
each full month by which the Participant's age at death shall exceed age 55. If
death occurs within 120 months following retirement, the monthly payments under
the Conditional Annuity shall be continued to the Participant's Beneficiary for
the remaining balance of the 120 month period following retirement.

<PAGE>

ARTICLE V. ADDITIONAL BENEFITS

Section 5.01. Retirement Plan Supplement for Certain Transferred
Employees. A Participant who retired on June 30, 2000 from Ford Motor Company,
and who was employed by the Company as a Corporate Officer on July 1, 2000,
shall, upon retirement from the Company, receive the additional monthly
retirement benefits described in this Section.

(a) An eligible Participant shall receive a monthly retirement benefit
equal to the difference between (i) and (ii) below, where:

(i)   is the aggregate monthly retirement benefit to which the
Participant would have been entitled under the General
Retirement Plan of Ford Motor Company and the defined benefit
component of the Ford Motor Company Benefit Equalization Plan
(collectively, the "Ford Pension Plans") if the Participant's
employment with the Company on and after July 1, 2000, and the
compensation attributable to such employment, had instead been
employment with, and compensation from, Ford Motor Company;
and

(ii)  is the aggregate monthly retirement benefit under the Ford
Pension Plans, the Retirement Plans, and the Visteon
Corporation Pension Parity Plan, to which the Participant is
actually entitled.

(b) In addition, an eligible Participant shall receive a monthly
retirement benefit equal to the difference between (i) and (ii) below, where:

(i)   is the monthly retirement benefit to which the Participant
would have been entitled under the Ford Motor Company
Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan if the Participant's
employment with the Company on and after July 1, 2000, and the
compensation attributable to such employment, had instead been
employment with, and compensation from, Ford Motor Company;
and

(ii)  is the aggregate monthly retirement benefit under the Ford
Motor Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan and under
Article II of

<PAGE>

this Plan, to which the Participant is actually entitled;
provided that any reduction in the Participant's benefit under
the Ford Motor Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
for early benefit commencement shall be taken into account
only to the extent that such reduction would apply if the
Participant's benefit under the Ford Motor Company
Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan commenced on the same
date as the Participant's benefit under Article II of this
Plan commence.

(c) The supplemental benefit under subsection (a) above shall be paid
beginning with a payment for the month following the month in which occurs the
Participant's retirement from the Company and all subsidiaries or affiliates,
and shall be paid in the same form and for the same duration as is paid the
Participant's benefit under the General Retirement Plan of Ford Motor Company.
The supplemental benefit under subsection (b) above shall be paid in accordance
with Article II of this Plan as if the benefit had been initially calculated
under that Article.

(d) The monthly retirement benefits calculated under subsections (a)(i)
and (b)(i) shall be determined based upon the terms of the applicable Ford Motor
Company plan as in effect on June 30, 2000. The Committee has full authority and
discretion to adjust (including to reduce) the benefit amounts calculated above
to reflect changes in the design of the applicable Ford Motor Company plan or to
take into account such other factors as the Committee, in its sole discretion,
deems relevant.

(e) The Committee may adjust the benefit otherwise payable under this
Section 5.01 if such action is necessary or desirable on account of differences
in the form or time of payment under the plans and arrangements described in
this Section 5.01 or on account of such other factors identified by the
Committee as making an adjustment necessary or desirable.

Section 5.02. Additional Benefits for the Chief Operating Officer.

(a) This Section applies to a Participant who was the Company's Chief
Operating Officer on January 1, 2002. Such Participant shall be entitled to an
additional benefit equal to the Participant's basic retirement benefit under the
Visteon Pension Plan and Visteon

<PAGE>

Corporation Pension Parity Plan. For this purpose, the term "basic retirement
benefit" means the Participant's retirement benefit exclusive of any early
retirement supplements, interim supplements or temporary benefits.

(b) The additional benefit shall be paid at the same time and in the same
form as the Participant's benefit under the Visteon Pension Plan and the Visteon
Corporation Pension Parity Plan is paid, and shall be subject to all of the
other terms of the conditions of such plans as if the additional benefit were
actually accrued under such plans.

<PAGE>

ARTICLE VI. EARNING OUT CONDITIONS

Section 6.01. Conditions Applicable to Continued Payment of Award.

(a) Anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding, the right
of any Participant to receive benefit payments hereunder for any month shall
accrue only if, during the entire period from the date of retirement to the end
of such month, the Participant shall have earned out such payment by refraining
from engaging in any activity that is directly or indirectly in competition with
any activity of the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate thereof. The
Committee shall have the sole and absolute discretion to determine whether a
Participant's activities constitute competition with the Company, and the
Committee may promulgate such rules and regulations in this regard as it deems
appropriate.

(b) In the event of a Participant's nonfulfillment of the condition set
forth in the immediately preceding paragraph, no further payment shall be made
to the Participant or the Beneficiary; provided, however, that the
nonfulfillment of such condition may at any time (whether before, at the time of
or subsequent to termination of employment) be waived in the following manner:

(i)   with respect to any such Participant who at any time shall
have been a member of the Board of Directors, the President,
an Executive Vice President, a Senior Vice President, a Vice
President, the Treasurer, the Controller or the Secretary of
the Company, such waiver may be granted by the Committee upon
its determination that in its sole judgment there shall not
have been and will not be any substantial adverse effect upon
the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate thereof by reason
of the nonfulfillment of such condition; and

(ii)  with respect to any other such Participant, such waiver may be
granted by the Retirement Committee designated under the
Visteon Pension Plan upon its determination that in its sole
judgment there shall not have been and will not be any such
substantial adverse effect.

<PAGE>

(c) Anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding, benefit
payments shall not be paid to or with respect to any person as to whom it has
been determined that such person at any time (whether before or subsequent to
termination of employment) acted in a manner detrimental to the best interests
of the Company. Any such determination shall be made by (i) the Committee with
respect to any Participant who at any time shall have been a member of the Board
of Directors, an Executive Vice President, a Senior Vice President, a Vice
President, the Treasurer, the Controller or the Secretary of the Company, and
(ii) the Retirement Committee designated under the Visteon Pension Plan with
respect to any other Participant, and shall apply to any amounts payable after
the date of the applicable committee's action hereunder, regardless of whether
the Participant has commenced receiving benefit payments hereunder. Conduct
which constitutes engaging in an activity that is directly or indirectly in
competition with any activity of the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate
thereof shall be governed by subsections (a) and (b) above and shall not be
subject to any determination under this subsection (c).

<PAGE>

ARTICLE VII. GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 7.01. Administration and Interpretation.

(a) Subject to subsection (b) below, the Committee shall administer and
interpret the Plan.

(b) Subject to such limits as the Committee may from time to time
prescribe or such additional or contrary delegations of authority as the
Committee may prescribe, the Company's Director of Compensation and Benefits may
exercise any of the authority and discretion granted to the Committee hereunder,
provided that (i) the Director of Compensation and Benefits shall not be
authorized to amend the Plan, and (ii) the Director of Compensation and Benefits
shall not exercise any authority and responsibility with respect to
non-ministerial matters affecting the participation in the Plan by the Director
of Compensation and Benefits. To the extent that the Director of Compensation
and Benefits is authorized to act on behalf of the Committee, any references
herein to the Committee shall be also be deemed references to the Director of
Compensation and Benefits.

(c) The Committee may adopt and modify rules and regulations relating to
the Plan as it deems necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan.
The Committee shall have the discretionary authority to interpret and construe
the Plan, to make benefit determination (and benefit adjustments) under the
Plan, and to take all other actions that may be necessary or appropriate for the
administration of the Plan. Each determination, interpretation or other action
made or taken pursuant to the provisions of the Plan by the Committee shall be
final and shall be binding and conclusive for all purposes and upon all persons,
including, but without limitation thereto, the Company, its stockholders, the
Participating Employers, the directors, officers, and employees of the Company
or a Participating Employer, the Plan participants, and their respective
successors in interest.

Section 7.02. Restrictions to Comply with Applicable Law. Notwithstanding
any other provision of the Plan, the Company shall have no liability to make any
payment under the Plan unless such delivery or payment would comply with all
applicable laws and the applicable requirements of any securities exchange or
similar entity.

<PAGE>

Section 7.03. Deductions. Anything contained in the Plan notwithstanding,
a Participating Employer may deduct from any distribution hereunder all amounts
owed to the Company or a Participating Employer by the Participant for any
reason, and all taxes required by law or government regulation to be deducted or
withheld.

Section 7.04. Claims Procedure.

(a) Claim for Benefits. Any Participant or Beneficiary (hereafter referred
to as the "claimant") under this Plan who believes he or she is entitled to
benefits under the Plan in an amount greater than the amount received may file,
or have his or her duly authorized representative file, a claim with the
Committee. Any such claim shall be filed in writing stating the nature of the
claim, and the facts supporting the claim, the amount claimed and the name and
address of the claimant. The Committee shall consider the claim and answer in
writing stating whether the claim is granted or denied. The written decision
shall be within 90 days of receipt of the claim by the Committee (or 180 days if
additional time is needed and the claimant is notified of the extension, the
reason therefor and the expected date of determination prior to commencement of
the extension). If the claim is denied in whole or in part, the claimant shall
be furnished with a written notice of such denial containing (i) the specific
reasons for the denial, (ii) a specific reference to the Plan provisions on
which the denial is based, (iii) an explanation of the Plan's appeal procedures
set forth in subsection (b) below, (iv) a description of any additional material
or information which is necessary for the claimant to submit or perfect an
appeal of his or her claim and (v) an explanation of the Participant's or
Beneficiary's right to bring suit under ERISA following an adverse determination
upon appeal.

(b) Appeal. If a claimant wishes to appeal the denial of his or her claim,
the claimant or his or her duly authorized representative shall file a written
notice of appeal to the Committee within 90 days of receiving notice of the
claim denial. In order that the Committee may expeditiously decide such appeal,
the written notice of appeal should contain (i) a statement of the ground(s) for
the appeal, (ii) a specific reference to the Plan provisions on which the appeal
is based, (iii) a statement of the arguments and authority (if any) supporting
each ground for appeal, and (iv) any other pertinent documents or comments which
the appellant desires to submit in support of the appeal. The Committee shall
decide the appellant's appeal within 60

<PAGE>

days of its receipt of the appeal (or 120 days if additional time is needed and
the claimant is notified of the extension, the reason therefore and the expected
date of determination prior to commencement of the extension). The Committee's
written decision shall contain the reasons for the decision and reference to the
Plan provisions on which the decision is based. If the claim is denied in whole
or in part, such written decision shall also include notification of the
claimant's right to bring suit for benefits under Section 502(a) of ERISA and
the claimant's right to obtain, upon request and free of charge, reasonable
access to and copies of all documents, records or other information relevant to
the claim for benefits.

Section 7.05. Participant Rights Unsecured.

(a) Unsecured Claim. The right of a Participant or his or her Beneficiary
to receive a distribution hereunder shall be an unsecured claim, and neither the
Participant nor any Beneficiary shall have any rights in or against any amount
credited to his or her Account or any other specific assets of a Participating
Employer. The right of a Participant or Beneficiary to the payment of benefits
under this Plan shall not be assigned, encumbered, or transferred, except by
will or the laws of descent and distribution. The rights of a Participant
hereunder are exercisable during the Participant's lifetime only by the
Participant or the Participant's guardian or legal representative.

(b) Contractual Obligation. The Company may authorize the creation of a
trust or other arrangements to assist it in meeting the obligations created
under the Plan. However, any liability to any person with respect to the Plan
shall be based solely upon any contractual obligations that may be created
pursuant to the Plan. No obligation of a Participating Employer shall be deemed
to be secured by any pledge of, or other encumbrance on, any property of a
Participating Employer. Nothing contained in this Plan and no action taken
pursuant to its terms shall create or be construed to create a trust of any
kind, or a fiduciary relationship between a Participating Employer and any
Participant or Beneficiary, or any other person.

Section 7.06. No Contract of Employment. The Plan is an expression of the
Company's present policy with respect to Company executives who meet the
eligibility requirements set forth herein. The Plan is not a contract of
employment, nor does it provide any Participant with a right to continue in the
employment of the Company or any other entity. No Participant,

<PAGE>

Beneficiary or other person shall have any legal or other right to any benefit
payments except in accordance with the terms of the Plan, and then only while
the Plan is in effect and subject to the Company's right to amend or terminate
the Plan as provided in Section 7.07 below.

Section 7.07. Amendment or Termination. There shall be no time limit on
the duration of the Plan. However, the Company, by action of the Senior Vice
President - Corporate Relations, may at any time and for any reason, amend or
terminate the Plan; provided that the Committee shall have the exclusive
amendment authority with respect to any amendment that, if adopted, would
increase the benefit payable to the Senior Vice President - Corporate Relations
by more than a de minimis amount. Any Plan amendment or termination may reduce
or eliminate a Participant's benefit under the Plan, including, without
limitation, an amendment to eliminate future benefit payments for some or all
Participants, whether or not in pay status at the time such action is taken.

Section 7.08. Administrative Expenses. Costs of establishing and
administering the Plan will be paid by the Participating Employers.

Section 7.09. No Assignment of Benefits. No rights or benefits under the
Plan shall, except as otherwise specifically provided by law, be subject to
assignment (except for the designation of beneficiaries pursuant to subsection
(b) of Section 1.01), nor shall such rights or benefits be subject to attachment
or legal process for or against a Participant or his or her Beneficiary.

Section 7.10. Successors and Assigns. This Plan shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the Participating Employers, their successors and
assigns and the Participants and their heirs, executors, administrators, and
legal representatives.

VISTEON CORPORATION

/s/ Robert H. Marcin
ROBERT H. MARCIN
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT - CORPORATE RELATIONS


