








<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 10.1

COMMUNITY FIRST BANK & TRUST
SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN

RECITALS:

WHEREAS, the Employer hereby establishes the Community First Bank &
Trust Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan on the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth;

WHEREAS, the Plan is intended to qualify as a "top hat" plan maintained
primarily for purposes of providing benefits for a select group of management
and highly compensated employees within the meaning of Sections 201(2),
301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
as amended.

NOW THEREFORE, the following shall constitute the Plan.

ARTICLE I.
GENERAL

1.1      PURPOSE OF THE PLAN. The purpose of this Plan is to reward certain
management and highly compensated employees of the Employer who have
contributed to the Employer's success and are expected to continue to
contribute to such success in the future.

1.2      PLAN BENEFITS GENERALLY. Pursuant to the Plan, the Employer may provide
to each Participant such benefit as provided on the terms and
conditions contained in the Plan and the Participant's individual
Participation Agreement.

1.3      EFFECTIVE DATE. The effective date of the Plan is August 16, 2005.

ARTICLE II.
DEFINITIONS

2.1      ACCRUED SERP BENEFIT. Accrued SERP Benefit means, with respect to each
Participant, the amount of accrued liability for the participant at the
time of termination.

2.2      ADMINISTRATOR. Administrator shall mean the Employer as defined herein.

2.3      BENEFICIARY. Beneficiary means the person or persons designated by a
Participant as his beneficiary in accordance with the provisions of
Article V and subject to the Participation Agreement.

2.4      BOARD. Board means the Board of Directors of the Employer.

2.5      CAUSE. Cause shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.2.

2.6      CHANGE OF CONTROL. Provided that such definition does not fail to
comply with regulations to be issued by Treasury, a "Change in Control"
of the Employer shall mean the first to occur of any of the following:


<PAGE>

(a)      Any transaction or series of related transactions
with any person or persons, including, but not
limited to, any sale, exchange, or transfer, merger,
consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization,
liquidation or other transaction which, upon the
consummation thereof, results in the Persons other
than shareholders of the Employer prior to the
transaction or transactions owning, directly or
indirectly, less than 50% of the outstanding voting
securities of the Employer; or

(b)      Any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one
transaction or a series of related transactions) of
all, or substantially all (meaning greater than 50%),
of the assets of the Employer, other than any sale,
lease, exchange or other transfer to any entity where
the Employer on the date of the adoption of the Plan
(taken as a single owner) owns, directly or
indirectly, at least 50% of the outstanding voting
securities of such entity after any such transfer and
such entity becomes a guarantor and surety of the
amounts credited to the Accounts of the Participants.

2.7      EMPLOYER. Community First Bank & Trust or its parent, Community First,
Inc.

2.8      ERISA. The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
from time to time.

2.9      EXECUTIVE. Executive means a management or highly compensated employee
of the Employer designated by the Administrator as eligible to
participate in the Plan.

2.10     NORMAL RETIREMENT. Normal Retirement means termination of a
Participant's employment with the Employer for any reason other than
for Cause after such Participant has reached his Normal Retirement Age.

2.11     NORMAL RETIREMENT AGE. Normal Retirement Age means the normal
retirement age set forth in the Participant's Participation Agreement.

2.12     PARTICIPANT. Participant means any Executive who elects to participate
in the Plan by entering into a Participation Agreement in accordance
herewith. Prior to a Change in Control, the Administrator may from time
to time, in its sole discretion with or without cause, revoke a
Participant's participation in the Plan upon ninety (90) days' written
notice; provided, however, that such revocation shall not reduce any
benefits to which the Participant may be entitled at the time of such
revocation.

2.13     PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT. Participation Agreement means a written
agreement between the Employer and a Participant, pursuant to which the
Employer agrees to make SERP Benefit payments in accordance with the
Plan and the Participation Agreement. Each Participation Agreement
shall contain such information, terms and conditions as the
Administrator in its discretion may specify, including without
limitation, the following:

(a)      the effective date of the Participant's participation
in the Plan;

(b)      the Participant's Normal Retirement Age;



2
<PAGE>

(c)      the SERP Benefits to which the Participant is
entitled under the Plan and, the form such benefits
are to be paid in (i.e. installments or lump sum);

(d)      the identity of the Participant's Beneficiary; and

(e)      any other provisions which supplement the terms and
conditions contained in the Plan and which are not
inconsistent with the terms and conditions of the
Plan.

2.14     PLAN. Plan means the Community First Bank & Trust Supplemental
Executive Retirement Plan, as the same may be amended from time to
time.

2.15     SERP BENEFIT. SERP Benefit means, with respect to each Participant, an
annual cash benefit in the amount determined pursuant to the
Participant's Participation Agreement, minus any offset amounts
specified therein.

2.16     VESTING. The Participant's ownership rights in the SERP Benefit, or
specified percentage thereof, shall arise, or vest, solely with the
occurrence of those conditions precedent to Vesting as contained in the
Participation Agreement.

2.17     YEARS OF SERVICE. Years of Service shall have the meaning as set forth
in the Participant's Participation Agreement.

ARTICLE III.
ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION

3.1      ELIGIBILITY. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall from time
to time determine those Executive(s) who shall be eligible to
participate in the Plan.

3.2      PARTICIPATION. Each Executive who is eligible to participate in the
Plan shall enroll in the Plan by entering into a Participation
Agreement and completing such other forms and furnishing such other
information as the Administrator may request. An Executive's
participation in the Plan shall commence as of the date specified in
the Participation Agreement.

ARTICLE IV.
BENEFITS

4.1      SERP BENEFIT. Each Participant, subject to the terms and conditions of
his Participation Agreement, shall become entitled to receive SERP
Benefits in the amounts and for the periods set forth in the executed
Participation Agreement.

4.2      NO BENEFITS PAYABLE UPON TERMINATION FOR CAUSE. Notwithstanding
anything herein or in the Participation Agreement to the contrary, no
benefits shall be payable to any Participant who is terminated from his
or her employment with the Employer for Cause. For purposes hereof, a
Participant whose employment is terminated for any of the following
reasons shall be regarded as having been terminated for Cause:


3
<PAGE>

(a)      engaging in willful or grossly negligent misconduct
that is materially injurious to the Employer;

(b)      embezzlement or misappropriation of funds or property
of the Employer;

(c)      conviction of a felony or the entrance of a plea of
guilty or nolo contendere to a felony;

(d)      conviction of any crime involving fraud, dishonesty,
moral turpitude or breach of trust or the entrance of
a plea of guilty to such a crime;

(e)      failure or refusal by the Participant to devote full
business time and attention to the performance of his
or her duties and responsibilities if such breach has
not been cured within fifteen (15) days after notice
is given to the Participant; or

(f)      issuance of a final non-appealable order or other
direction by a Federal or state regulatory agency
prohibiting the Participant's employment in the
business of banking.

4.3      DISTRIBUTIONS TO SPECIFIED EMPLOYEE.

(a)      If any employee is a "Specified Employee," as defined
in subsection (b) below, upon a termination of
employment for any reason other than Disability or
death, a distribution may not be made before the date
which is 6 (six) months after the date of separation
from service (or, if earlier, the date of death of
the employee).

(b)      A "Specified Employee" means a key employee (as
defined in Code Section 4 16(i) without regard to
paragraph (5) thereof) of a corporation any stock in
which is publicly traded on an established securities
market or otherwise, all within the meaning of Code
Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i).

ARTICLE V.
BENEFICIARIES

5.1      BENEFICIARY. For purposes of this section, the Participant's executed
Participation Agreement shall dictate the Participant's rights and
responsibilities regarding the Participant's Beneficiary(s).



4
<PAGE>

ARTICLE VI.
PLAN ADMINISTRATION

6.1      ADMINISTRATION.

(a)      General. The Plan shall be administered by the
Administrator. The Administrator shall have sole and
absolute discretion to interpret where necessary all
provisions of the Plan and each Participation
Agreement (including, without limitation, by
supplying omissions from, correcting deficiencies in,
or resolving inconsistencies or ambiguities in, the
language of the Plan, a Participation Agreement, or
between the Plan and a Participation Agreement), to
determine the rights and status under the Plan of
Participants or other persons, to resolve questions
or disputes arising under the Plan and to make any
determinations with respect to the benefits payable
under the Plan and the persons entitled thereto as
may be necessary for the purposes of the Plan. The
Administrator's determination of the rights of any
Executive or former Executive hereunder shall be
final and binding on all persons, subject only to the
claims procedures outlined in Article 7 hereof.

(b)      Delegation of Duties. The Administrator may delegate
any of its administrative duties, including, without
limitation, duties with respect to the processing,
review, investigation, approval and payment of
benefits payable hereunder, to a named administrator
or administrators.

6.2      REGULATIONS. The Administrator may promulgate any rules and regulations
it deems necessary in order to carry out the purposes of the Plan or to
interpret the provisions of the Plan; provided, however, that no rule,
regulation or interpretation shall be contrary to the provisions of the
Plan. The rules, regulations and interpretations made by the
Administrator shall, subject only to the claims procedure outlined in
Article 7 hereof, be final and binding on all persons.

6.3      REVOCABILITY OF ADMINISTRATOR/EMPLOYER ACTION. Any action taken by the
Administrator with respect to the rights or benefits under the Plan of
any Executive or former Executive shall be revocable by the
Administrator as to payments not yet made to such person in order to
correct any incorrect payment to a Participant or a Beneficiary, and
then only to the extent necessary to correct such error. Acceptance of
any benefits under the Plan constitutes acceptance of, and agreement
to, the Administrator's making any appropriate adjustments in future
payments to such person (or to recover from such person) any excess
payment or underpayment previously made to such person.

6.4      AMENDMENT.

(a)      Right to Amend. The Board of the Employer, by written
instrument, shall have the right to amend the Plan at
any time and with respect to any provisions hereof,
and all parties hereto or claiming any interest
hereunder shall be bound by such amendment; provided,
however, that no such



5
<PAGE>

amendment shall deprive the Participant or any
Beneficiary(ies) of a rights accrued hereunder prior
to the date of the amendment, including the right to
receive the payment of his or her benefit upon a
benefit entitlement event, or earlier as provided
herein.

(b)      Amendment Required by Law. Notwithstanding the
provisions of Section 6.4(a), the Plan may be amended
at any time, retroactively if required, if found
necessary, in the opinion of the Board of the
Employer, in order to ensure that the Plan is
characterized as a non-tax-qualified plan of deferred
supplemental retirement compensation maintained for
members of a select group of Executives and thus
exempt from ERISA and incompliance with all other
provisions under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended from time to time, ("Code") as such
provisions relate to the original purpose of this
Plan, supplemental retirement income to the
Participant(s) and/or other related Plan and Employer
objectives.

6.5      TERMINATION.

(a)      Employer's Right to Terminate Plan. The Board of the
Employer reserves the right, at any time, to
terminate the Plan; provided however, that no such
termination shall deprive the Participant or any
Beneficiary of a right accrued hereunder prior to the
date of termination and provided that, upon
termination, the Participant shall become fully and
immediately vested in his or her Accrued SERP
Benefit.

(b)      Automatic Termination of Plan. Except in the case of
an adoption by a successor to the Employer as
provided for in subsection (c) below, the Plan shall
terminate automatically upon the dissolution of the
Employer, provided however, that no such termination
shall deprive the Participant or Beneficiary(ies) of
a right accrued hereunder prior to the date of
termination and provided that, upon termination, the
Participant shall become fully and immediately vested
in his or her Accrued SERP Benefit.

6.6      WITHHOLDING. The Employer shall deduct from any distributions hereunder
any taxes or other amounts required by law to be withheld therefrom.

ARTICLE VII.
CLAIMS ADMINISTRATION

7.1      GENERAL. If a Participant, Beneficiary or his or her representative is
denied all or a portion of an expected Plan benefit for any reason and
the Participant, Beneficiary or his or her representative desires to
dispute the decision of the Administrator, he/she must file a written
notification of his or her claim with the Administrator.

7.2      CLAIMS PROCEDURE. Upon receipt of any written claim for benefits, the
Administrator shall be notified and shall give due consideration to the
claim presented. If any Participant or Beneficiary claims to be
entitled to benefits under the Plan and the Administrator determines
that the claim should be denied in whole or in part, the



6
<PAGE>

Administrator shall, in writing, notify such claimant within ninety
(90) days of receipt of the claim that the claim has been denied. The
Administrator may extend the period of time for making a determination
with respect to any claim for a period of up to ninety (90) days,
provided that the Administrator determines that such an extension is
necessary because of special circumstances and notifies the claimant,
prior to the expiration of the initial ninety (90) day period, of the
circumstances requiring the extension of time and the date by which the
Plan expects to render a decision. If the claim is denied to any extent
by the Administrator, the Administrator shall furnish the claimant with
a written notice setting forth:

(a)      the specific reason or reasons for denial of the
claim;

(b)      a specific reference to the Plan provisions on which
the denial is based;

(c)      a description of any additional material or
information necessary for the claimant to perfect the
claim and an explanation of why such material or
information is necessary; and

(d)      an explanation of the provisions of this Article.

7.3      RIGHT OF APPEAL. A claimant who has a claim denied under Section 7.2
may appeal to the Administrator for reconsideration of that claim. A
request for reconsideration under this section must be filed by written
notice within sixty (60) days after receipt by the claimant of the
notice of denial under Section 7.2.

7.4      REVIEW OF APPEAL. Upon receipt of an appeal the Administrator shall
promptly take action to give due consideration to the appeal. Such
consideration may include a hearing of the parties involved, if the
Administrator feels such a hearing is necessary. In preparing for this
appeal the claimant shall be given the right to review pertinent
documents and the right to submit in writing a statement of issues and
comments. After consideration of the merits of the appeal the
Administrator shall issue a written decision which shall be binding on
all parties subject to Section 7.7 below. The decision shall
specifically state its reasons and pertinent Plan provisions on which
it relies. The Administrator's decision shall be issued within sixty
(60) days after the appeal is filed, except that the Administrator may
extend the period of time for making a determination with respect to
any claim for a period of up to sixty (60) days, provided that the
Administrator determines that such an extension is necessary because of
special circumstances and notifies the claimant, prior to the
expiration of the initial sixty (60) day period, of the circumstances
requiring the extension of time and the date by which the Plan expects
to render a decision.

7.5      DESIGNATION. The Administrator may designate any other person of its
choosing to make any determination otherwise required under this
Article. Any person so designation shall have the same authority and
discretion granted to the Administrator hereunder.

7.6      LITIGATION COSTS. If a claimant brings a lawsuit for benefits
hereunder, to enforce any right hereunder or for other relief arising
out of the terms of the Plan, the costs and expenses of litigation by
any party shall be borne by the losing party. The prevailing



7
<PAGE>

party shall recover as expenses all reasonable attorney's fees incurred
by it in connection with the proceedings or any appeals therefrom.

7.7      ARBITRATION. A claimant whose appeal has been denied under Section 7.4
shall have the right to submit said claim to final and binding
arbitration in the State of Tennessee pursuant to the rules of the
American Arbitration Association. Any such requests for arbitration
must be filed by written demand to the American Arbitration Association
within sixty (60) days after receipt of the decision regarding the
appeal. The costs and expenses of arbitration, including the fees of
the arbitrators, shall be borne by the losing party. The prevailing
party shall recover as expenses all reasonable attorney's fees incurred
by it in connection with the arbitration proceeding or any appeals
therefrom.

ARTICLE VIII.
MISCELLANEOUS

8.1      ADMINISTRATOR. The Administrator is expressly empowered to interpret
the Plan and to determine all questions arising in the administration,
interpretation, and application of the Plan; to employ actuaries,
accountants, counsel, and other persons it deems necessary in
connection with the administration of the Plan; to request any
information from the Employer it deems necessary to determine whether
the Employer would be considered insolvent or subject to a proceeding
in bankruptcy; and to take all other necessary and proper actions to
fulfill its duties as Administrator. The Administrator is relieved of
all responsibility in connection with its duties hereunder to the
fullest extent permitted by law, except any breach of duty to the
Participants or Beneficiaries. If any individual person shall have been
delegated the duties or responsibilities as Administrator, such person
shall not be liable for any actions by him or her hereunder unless due
to his or her own gross negligence or willful misconduct and shall be
indemnified and saved harmless by the Employer from and against all
personal liability to which he or she may be subject by reason of any
act done or omitted to be done in his or her official capacity as
Administrator in good faith in the administration of the Plan,
including all expenses reasonably incurred in his or her defense in the
event the Employer fails to provide such defense upon the request.

8.2      NO ASSIGNMENT. No benefit under the Plan or a Participation Agreement
shall be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale,
transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, or charge, and any such
action shall be void for all purposes of the Plan or a Participation
Agreement. No benefit shall in any manner be subject to the debts,
contracts, liabilities, engagements, or torts of any person, nor shall
it be subject to attachments or other legal process for or against any
person.

8.3      NO EMPLOYMENT RIGHTS. Participation in this Plan and execution of a
Participation Agreement shall not be construed to confer upon any
Participant the legal right to be retained in the employ of the
Employer, or give a Participant or Beneficiary, or any other person,
any right to any payment whatsoever, except to the extent of the
benefits provided for hereunder. Each Participant shall remain subject
to discharge to the same extent as if this Plan had never been adopted
and the Participation Agreement had never been executed.


8
<PAGE>

8.4      INCOMPETENCE. If the Administrator determines that any person to whom a
benefit is payable under this Plan is incompetent by reason of physical
or mental disability, the Administrator shall have the power to cause
the payments becoming due to such person to be made to another
individual for the Participant's benefit without responsibility of the
Administrator to see to the application of such payments. Any payment
made pursuant to such power shall, as to such payment, operate as a
complete discharge of the Employer, the Administrator, and their
representatives.

8.5      IDENTITY. If, at any time, any doubt exists as to the identity of any
person entitled to any payment hereunder or the amount or time of such
payment, the Administrator shall be entitled to hold such sum until
such identity or amount or time is determined or until an order of a
court of competent jurisdiction is obtained. The Administrator shall
also be entitled to pay such sum into court in accordance with the
appropriate rules of law. Any expenses incurred by the Employer or
Administrator incident to such proceeding or litigation shall be
charged against the SERP Benefit of the affected Participant.

8.6      NO LIABILITY. No liability shall attach to or be incurred by any
employee of the Employer or Administrator individually under or by
reason of the terms, conditions, and provisions contained in this Plan,
or for the acts or decisions taken or made hereunder or in connection
therewith; and, as a condition precedent to the establishment of this
Plan or the receipt of benefits hereunder, or both, such liability, if
any, is expressly waived and released by each Participant and by any
and all persons claiming under or through any Participant or any other
person. Such waiver and release shall be conclusively evidenced by any
act or participation in or the acceptance of benefits or the making of
any election under this Plan.

8.7      EXPENSES. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, all expenses
incurred in the administration of the Plan shall be paid by the
Employer.

8.8      AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION. The Employer shall have the sole authority
to modify, amend, or terminate this Plan.

8.9      EMPLOYER DETERMINATIONS. Any determinations, actions, or decisions of
the Employer (including but not limited to, Plan amendments and Plan
termination) shall be made by the Board in accordance with its
established procedures or by such other individuals, groups, or
organizations that have been properly delegated by the Board to make
such determination or decision.

8.10     CONSTRUCTION. All questions of interpretation, construction or
application arising under or concerning the terms of this Plan and any
Participation Agreement shall be decided by the Administrator, in its
sole and final discretion, whose decision shall be final, binding and
conclusive upon all persons.

8.11     GOVERNING LAW. To the extent not preempted by federal law, this Plan
shall be governed by, construed and administered under the laws of the
State of Tennessee.

8.12     SEVERABILITY. Should any provision of the Plan or any regulations
adopted hereunder be deemed or held to be unlawful or invalid for any
reason, such fact shall not adversely



9
<PAGE>

affect the other provisions or regulations unless such invalidity shall
render impossible or impractical the functioning of the Plan and, in
such case, the appropriate parties shall immediately adopt a new
provision or regulation to take the place of the one held illegal or
invalid.

8.13     HEADINGS. The headings contained in the Plan are inserted only as a
matter of convenience and for reference and in no way define, limit,
enlarge, or describe the scope or intent of this Plan nor in any way
shall they affect this Plan or the construction of any provision
thereof.

8.14     TERMS. Capitalized terms shall have meanings as defined herein.
Singular nouns shall be read as plural, masculine pronouns shall be
read as feminine, and vice versa, as appropriate.

8.15     OWNERSHIP OF ASSETS; RELATIONSHIP WITH EMPLOYER. Nothing contained in
the Plan, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, shall create
or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary
relationship between the Employer and any Participant or any other
person. To the extent that any person acquires a right to receive
payments from the Employer under this Plan, such right shall be no
greater than the right of an unsecured general creditor of the
Employer.

8.16     DEPOSITS IN TRUST. The Employer may, at its sole discretion, establish
with a corporate trustee a grantor rabbi trust under which all or a
portion of the assets of the Plan are to be held, administered and
managed. The trust agreement evidencing the trust shall conform with
the terms of Revenue Procedure 92-64 or any successor procedure. The
Employer in its sole discretion may make deposits to augment the
principal of such trust.

Executed this 16th day of August, 2005.



COMMUNITY FIRST BANK & TRUST

By: ___________________________________

Title: ________________________________








10

