


























SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE
RETIREMENT PLAN


PREPARED FOR


ASPEN INSURANCE US SERVICES, INC.


















ASPEN INSURANCE US SERVICES, INC.

SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN


ARTICLE I - PURPOSE; EFFECTIVE DATE

1.1.  PURPOSE. The purpose of this Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
(hereinafter, the "Plan") is to permit the company to provide selected
individuals employed by Aspen Insurance US Services, Inc. with an
additional benefit payable at termination of employment. It is intended
that this plan, by providing this benefit, will assist the Company in
attracting, motivating and retaining individuals of exceptional ability.

1.2.  EFFECTIVE DATE. The Plan shall be effective as of January 1, 2004.





ARTICLE II - DEFINITIONS

For the purpose of this Plan, the following terms shall have the
meanings indicated, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise:

2.1.  ACCOUNT. "Account" means the account maintained on the books of the
Company used solely to calculate the amount payable to each Participant
under this Plan and shall not constitute a separate fund of assets.

2.2.  ACTUARIAL EQUIVALENT. "Actuarial Equivalent" means an equivalence in value
between two (2) or more forms and/or times of payment based on a
determination by an actuary chosen by the Company, using sound actuarial
assumptions as of the time of such determination.

2.3.  AFFILIATE. "Affiliate" means any member of a controlled group of
corporations, or a group of trades or businesses or other organizations
under common control, with the Company as defined under Section 414 of the
Code.

2.4.  BENEFICIARY. "Beneficiary" means the person, persons or entity as
designated by the Participant, entitled under Article VI to receive any
Plan benefits payable after the Participant's death.

2.5.  BOARD. "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

2.6.  CHANGE IN CONTROL. A "Change in Control" shall occur if:

a)    Any "person" or "group" (within the meaning of Sections 13(d) and
14(d)(2) of the




Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) becomes the "beneficial
owner" (as defined in Rule 13-d under such Act) of more than fifty
(50%) of the then outstanding voting stock of the Company or of the
parent company of the Company, other than through a transaction
arranged by, or consummated with the prior approval of, the Board or
the board of directors of the parent company of the Company,
respectively; or

b)    During any period of two (2) consecutive years, individuals who at
the beginning of such period constitute the Board or the board of
directors of the parent company of the Company (the "Incumbent
Directors"), and any new director whose election or whose nomination
for election by the shareholders of the Company or the shareholders
of the parent company of the Company, as the case may be, was
approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the Incumbent
Directors of such board at the beginning of such period or whose
election or nomination for election was previously so approved,
cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof; or

c)    The shareholders of the parent company of the Company and/or
shareholders of the Company approve a merger or consolidation of
Company and/or the parent company of the Company, respectively, with
any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which
would result in the voting securities of a Company or the parent
company of the Company (as applicable) outstanding immediately prior
thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or
by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity)
more than eighty percent (80%) of the combined voting power of the
voting securities of Company or the parent company of the Company
(as applicable) or such surviving entity outstanding immediately
after such merger or consolidation; or

d)    The shareholders of Company and/or the parent company of the Company
approve a plan of complete liquidation of Company and/or the parent
company of the Company, or an agreement for the sale or disposition
by Company and/or its parent company, as applicable, of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company or its parent
company, as applicable.

2.7.  COMMITTEE. "Committee" means the Committee appointed by the Board to
administer the Plan pursuant to Article VII. The initial Committee so
designated shall consist of the President of the Company, the Vice
President of Finance of the Company, and the Senior Director of Human
Resources of the Company. In addition, the President may name additional
individuals to the Committee.

2.8.  COMPANY. "Company" means ASPEN INSURANCE US SERVICES, INC., a Delaware
corporation, and any successor to the business thereof.

2.9.  COMPANY CONTRIBUTION. "Company Contribution" means the Company
contribution credited annually to a Participant's Account as described in
Sections 4.1 and 4.3, below.

2.10. DETERMINATION DATE. "Determination Date" means the last business day of
each calendar month.


2.11. DISCRETIONARY CONTRIBUTION. "Discretionary Contribution" means the Company
contribution credited to a Participant's Account under Sections 4.1 and
4.3, below.

2.12. DISTRIBUTION ELECTION. "Distribution Election" means the form prescribed
by the Committee and completed by the Participant, indicating the timing
for the commencement of benefit payments under this Plan in the event of
termination of employment, as elected by the Participant.

2.13. FINANCIAL HARDSHIP. "Financial Hardship" means a severe financial hardship
of the Participant resulting from a sudden and unexpected illness or
accident of the Participant or of a dependent of the Participant, loss of
the Participant's property due to casualty, or other similar extraordinary
and unforeseeable circumstance arising as a result of events beyond the
control of the Participant. Financial Hardship shall be determined based
upon such standards as are, from time to time, established by the
Committee, and such determination shall be in the sole discretion of the
Committee.

2.14. INTEREST. "Interest" means the amount credited to a Participant's Account
on each Determination Date. The rate of Interest so credited to the
Participant's Account shall be equal to an annual yield of six percent
(6%) compounded monthly. The Committee shall be permitted to alter the
rate of Interest credited in subsequent calendar years provided that the
Participant is given at least ninety (90) days notice prior to the time
the change in rate of Interest shall become effective, except that the
Committee shall not alter or change the rate of Interest applicable to a
Participant after that Participant's termination of employment.

2.15. NORMAL RETIREMENT AGE. "Normal Retirement Age" means age sixty (60).

2.16. PARTICIPANT. "Participant" means any employee who is eligible, pursuant to
Section 3.1, below, to participate in this Plan, and who has elected to do
so in accordance with Article III, below. Such employee shall remain a
Participant in this Plan until such time as all benefits payable under
this Plan have been paid in accordance with the provisions hereof.

2.17. PLAN. "Plan" means this Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan as may be
amended from time to time.




ARTICLE III - ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION

3.1.  ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION.

a)    ELIGIBILITY. Eligibility to participate in the Plan shall be limited
to those select group of management and/or highly compensated
employees of Company who are designated and approved by the
Committee, from time to time.

b)    PARTICIPATION. An employee's participation in the Plan shall be
effective upon notification to



the employee by the Committee of eligibility to participate, and
completion and submission of a Participation Agreement and a
Distribution Election to the Committee no later than thirty (30)
days after receiving notification of participation.

3.2.  DISTRIBUTION ELECTION. A Participant shall specify the form of benefits as
permitted by Section 5.5 below.

3.3.  CHANGE IN EMPLOYMENT STATUS. If the Committee determines that a
Participant's employment performance is no longer at a level that warrants
reward through participation in this Plan, but does not terminate the
Participant's employment with Company, the Participant's benefits under
this Plan shall be limited to the Account Balance as of the date so
specified by the Committee, and no new Company Contributions or
Discretionary Contributions shall be made on behalf of such Participant
after notice of such determination is given by the Committee, unless the
Participant later satisfies the requirements of ss.3.1, above. If the
Committee, in its sole discretion, determines that the Participant no
longer qualifies as a member of a select group of management or highly
compensated employees, as determined in accordance with the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, the Committee may, in
its sole discretion terminate participation in the Plan and distribute the
Participant's Account Balance in accordance with Article V of this Plan as
if the Participant had terminated employment with the Company as of that
time.






ARTICLE IV - BENEFIT ACCOUNT

4.1.  ACCOUNTS. Subject to satisfactory performance of the Company and the
Participant, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion,
Company Contributions shall be credited to the Participant's Account as of
January 1 of each year, provided that the Participant is employed by the
Company on such date. The amount of the Participant's annual Company
Contribution shall be set forth in his or her Participation Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall Company Contributions be
made following the Participant's attainment of Normal Retirement Age.
Discretionary Contributions and Interest thereon shall be credited to the
Participant's Account at such times and in such amounts as recommended by
the Committee. The Accounts and the Contributions to them shall be used
solely to calculate the amount payable to each Participant under this Plan
and shall not constitute a separate fund of assets.

4.2.  WITHHOLDING. Any withholding of taxes or other amounts with respect to
such Company Contributions or Discretionary Contributions that are
required by local, state or federal law shall be withheld from
compensation otherwise payable to the Participant to the maximum extent
possible, and any remaining amount shall reduce the amount credited to the
Participant's Account in a manner specified by the Committee.


4.3.  DETERMINATION OF ACCOUNTS. Each Participant's Account as of each
Determination Date shall consist of the balance of the Account as of the
immediately preceding Determination Date, adjusted as follows:

a)    CONTRIBUTIONS. Each Account shall be increased by any Company
Contributions and Discretionary Contributions credited since such
prior Determination Date as set forth above and as directed by the
Committee.

b)    DISTRIBUTIONS. Each Account shall be reduced by the amount of each
benefit payment made from that Account since the prior Determination
Date.

c)    INTEREST. Each Account shall be increased by the Interest credited
to such Account since such Determination Date.

4.4.  VESTING OF ACCOUNTS. Each Participant shall be one hundred percent (100%)
vested in the Company Contributions and Interest thereon at all times;
each Participant shall be vested in the Discretionary Contributions and
Interest thereon as provided by the Committee in their discretion.
Notwithstanding the forgoing, a Participant shall be one hundred percent
(100%) vested in the entire Account and Interest thereon in the event of
Normal Retirement, or death prior to the commencement of payments under
this Plan.

4.5.  STATEMENT OF ACCOUNTS. The Committee shall give to each Participant a
statement showing the balances in the Participant's Account on an annual
basis.




ARTICLE V - PLAN BENEFITS

5.1.  NORMAL RETIREMENT. Upon termination of employment with the Company and all
of its Affiliates at or after Normal Retirement Age, the Participant's
Account shall be distributed to the Participant in the manner chosen by
the Participant and set forth in his or her Distribution Election, and
payments shall commence as soon as is administratively practical after
termination of employment; provided, however, that if no election is made
by the Participant with respect to the form of payment, payment of
benefits under this section shall be made in twenty-three (23) annual
installments.

5.2.  TERMINATION PRIOR TO RETIREMENT. Upon termination of employment with the
Company and all of its Affiliates prior to Normal Retirement Age, the
vested portion of the Participant's Account shall be distributed to the
Participant in the manner chosen by the Participant and set forth in his
or her Distribution Election, and payments shall commence as soon as is
administratively practical after termination of employment; provided,
however, that if no election is made by the Participant with respect to
the form of payment, payment of benefits under this section shall be made
in ten (10) annual installments.


5.3.  DEATH BENEFIT. Upon the death of a Participant prior to the termination of
employment with the Company and commencement of benefits under this Plan,
Company shall pay to the Participant's Beneficiary an amount equal to the
Participant's Account balance in the form of a lump sum payment, except
that the Committee may grant, in its sole discretion, a request made by
the Participant's Beneficiary(ies) for payment to be made in an Actuarial
Equivalent form. In the event of the death of the Participant after the
commencement of benefits under this Plan from any Account, the benefits
from that Account shall be paid to the Participant's designated
Beneficiary from that Account at the same time and in the same manner as
if the Participant had survived, except that the Committee may, in its
sole discretion, approve a request for payment in an Actuarial Equivalent
form.

5.4.  HARDSHIP DISTRIBUTIONS. Upon a finding that a Participant has suffered a
Financial Hardship, the Committee may permit, in its sole discretion, a
distributions from the Participant's Account. The amount of such
distribution shall be limited to the amount reasonably necessary to meet
the Participant's needs resulting from the Financial Hardship, and will
not exceed the Participant's vested Account balance.

5.5.  FORM OF PAYMENT. Except as otherwise provided in Sections 5.1, 5.2, or
5.3, benefits payable from any Account under this Plan shall be paid in
the form of benefit specified by the Participant in his or her
Distribution Election. The most recently submitted Distribution Election
shall be effective for the entire vested Account balance unless amended in
writing by the Participant and delivered to the Committee. If, at the time
payment of benefits under this Plan becomes due and payable, the
Participant's most recent election as to the form of payment was made
within one (1) year of such payment, then the most recent election made by
the Participant more that one year prior to the time of payment shall be
used to determine the form of payment. The permitted forms of benefit
payments that may be specified in the Participant's Distribution Election
are:

a)    A lump sum amount which is equal to the vested Account balance;

b)    Annual installments for a period of up to twenty-three (23) years
(or in the event of a termination prior to Normal Retirement Age, a
maximum of ten (10) years) where the amount of the annual payment
shall be equal to the balance of the Account immediately prior to
the payment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is one
(1) and the denominator of which commences at the number of annual
payments initially chosen and is reduced by one (1) in each
succeeding year. Interest on the unpaid balance shall be based on
the most recent allocation among the available Valuation Funds
chosen by the Participant, made in accordance with Section 4.3,
above; or,

c)    Any Actuarial Equivalent form of payment which is requested by the
Participant and approved by the Committee in its sole discretion.

5.6.  WITHHOLDING; PAYROLL TAXES. Company shall withhold from any payment made
pursuant to this Plan any taxes required to be withheld from such payments
under local, state or federal law. A Beneficiary, however, may elect not
to have withholding of federal income tax pursuant to Section 3405(a)(2)
of the Code, or any successor provision thereto.

5.7.  PAYMENT TO GUARDIAN. If a Plan benefit is payable to a minor or a person
declared incompetent or



to a person incapable of handling the disposition of the property, the
Committee may direct payment to the guardian, legal representative or
person having the care and custody of such minor, incompetent or person.
The Committee may require proof of incompetency, minority, incapacity or
guardianship as it may deem appropriate prior to distribution. Such
distribution shall completely discharge the Committee and Company from all
liability with respect to such benefit.

5.8.  EFFECT OF PAYMENT. The full payment of the applicable benefit under this
Article V shall completely discharge all obligations on the part of the
Company to the Participant (and the Participant's Beneficiary) with
respect to the operation of this Plan, and the Participant's (and
Participant's Beneficiary's) rights under this Plan shall terminate.




ARTICLE VI - BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION


6.1.  BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION. Each Participant shall have the right, at any
time, to designate one (1) or more persons or entity as Beneficiary (both
primary as well as secondary) to whom benefits under this Plan shall be
paid in the event of Participant's death prior to complete distribution of
the Participant's vested Account balance. Each Beneficiary designation
shall be in a written form prescribed by the Committee and shall be
effective only when filed with the Committee during the Participant's
lifetime.

6.2.  CHANGING BENEFICIARY. Any Beneficiary designation may be changed by an
unmarried Participant without the consent of the previously named
Beneficiary by the filing of a new Beneficiary designation with the
Committee.

6.3.  NO BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION. If any Participant fails to designate a
Beneficiary in the manner provided above, if the designation is void, or
if the Beneficiary designated by a deceased Participant dies before the
Participant or before complete distribution of the Participant's benefits,
the Participant's Beneficiary shall be the person in the first of the
following classes in which there is a survivor:

a)    The Participant's surviving spouse;

b)    The Participant's children in equal shares, except that if any of
the children predeceases the Participant but leaves surviving issue,
then such issue shall take by right of representation the share the
deceased child would have taken if living;

c)    The Participant's estate.

6.4.  EFFECT OF PAYMENT. Payment to the Beneficiary shall completely discharge
the Company's obligations under this Plan.







ARTICLE VII - ADMINISTRATION

7.1.  COMMITTEE; DUTIES. This Plan shall be administered by the Committee, which
shall consist of not less than three (3) persons named as the initial
Committee in this Plan or as subsequently appointed by the President,
except in the event of a Change in Control as provided in Section 7.5
below. The Committee shall have the authority to make, amend, interpret
and enforce all appropriate rules and regulations for the administration
of the Plan and decide or resolve any and all questions, including
interpretations of the Plan, as they may arise in such administration. A
majority vote of the Committee members shall control any decision. Members
of the Committee may be Participants under this Plan, except that
notwithstanding anything to the contrary, a member of the Committee shall
not vote on any issue which directly affects the determination, payment or
valuation of a benefit due to that Committee member under this Plan.

7.2.  AGENTS. The Committee may, from time to time, employ agents and delegate
to them such administrative duties as it sees fit, and may from time to
time consult with counsel who may be counsel to the Company.

7.3.  BINDING EFFECT OF DECISIONS. The decision or action of the Committee with
respect to any question arising out of or in connection with the
administration, interpretation and application of the Plan and the rules
and regulations promulgated hereunder shall be final, conclusive and
binding upon all persons having any interest in the Plan.

7.4.  INDEMNITY OF COMMITTEE. The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless the
members of the Committee against any and all claims, loss, damage, expense
or liability arising from any action or failure to act with respect to
this Plan on account of such member's service on the Committee, except in
the case of gross negligence or willful misconduct.

7.5.  ELECTION OF COMMITTEE AFTER CHANGE IN CONTROL. After a Change in Control,
vacancies on the Committee shall be filled by majority vote of the
remaining Committee members and Committee members may be removed only by
such a vote. If no Committee members remain, a new Committee shall be
elected by majority vote of the Participants in the Plan immediately
preceding such Change in control. No amendment shall be made to Article
VII or other Plan provisions regarding Committee authority with respect to
the Plan without prior approval by the Committee.




ARTICLE VIII - CLAIMS PROCEDURE

8.1.  CLAIM. Any person or entity claiming a benefit, requesting an
interpretation or ruling under the Plan (hereinafter referred to as
"Claimant"), or requesting information under the Plan shall




present the request in writing to the Committee, which shall respond in
writing as soon as practical.

8.2.  DENIAL OF CLAIM. If the claim or request is denied, the written notice of
denial shall state:

a)    The reasons for denial, with specific reference to the Plan
provisions on which the denial is based;

b)    A description of any additional material or information required and
an explanation of why it is necessary; and

c)    An explanation of the Plan's claim review procedure.

8.3.  REVIEW OF CLAIM. Any Claimant whose claim or request is denied or who has
not received a response within sixty (60) days may request a review by
notice given in writing to the Committee. Such request must be made within
sixty (60) days after receipt by the Claimant of the written notice of
denial, or in the event Claimant has not received a response sixty (60)
days after receipt by the Committee of Claimant's claim or request. The
claim or request shall be reviewed by the Committee which may, but shall
not be required to, grant the Claimant a hearing. On review, the claimant
may have representation, examine pertinent documents, and submit issues
and comments in writing.

8.4.  FINAL DECISION. The decision on review shall normally be made within sixty
(60) days after the Committee's receipt of claimant's claim or request. If
an extension of time is required for a hearing or other special
circumstances, the Claimant shall be notified and the time limit shall be
one hundred twenty (120) days. The decision shall be in writing and shall
state the reasons and the relevant Plan provisions. All decisions on
review shall be final and bind all parties concerned.




ARTICLE IX - AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION OF PLAN

9.1.  AMENDMENT. The Committee may at any time amend the Plan by written
instrument executed by all Committee members, notice of which shall be
given to all Participants and to any Beneficiary receiving installment
payments, subject to the following:

a)    PRESERVATION OF ACCOUNT BALANCE. No amendment shall reduce the
amount accrued in any Account as of the date such notice of the
amendment is given.

b)    CHANGES IN INTEREST RATE. No amendment shall reduce, either
prospectively or retroactively, the rate of Interest to be credited
to the amount already accrued in any of the Participant's Account
and any amounts credited to the Account.

c)    CHANGE IN CONTROL. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Plan may not
be amended in any material respect, including the definition of
Interest, during the two (2) year period following a Change in
Control.




9.2.  COMPANY'S RIGHT TO TERMINATE. The Committee may at any time partially or
completely terminate the Plan if, in its judgment, the tax, accounting or
other effects of the continuance of the Plan, or potential payments
thereunder would not be in the best interests of Company.

a)    PARTIAL TERMINATION. The Committee may partially terminate the Plan
by instructing the Committee not to accept any additional Company or
Discretionary Contributions. If such a partial termination occurs,
the Plan shall continue to operate and be effective with regard to
Discretionary Contributions made prior to the effective date of such
partial termination.

b)    COMPLETE TERMINATION. The Committee may completely terminate the
Plan by written instrument executed by all Committee members and
approved by the Board instructing the Committee not to accept any
additional Company or Discretionary Contributions. In the event of
complete termination, the Plan shall cease to operate and Company
shall distribute the Account to the appropriate Participant. Payment
shall be made as a lump sum as soon as is practical but no later
than ninety (90) days following termination of the Plan.





ARTICLE X - MISCELLANEOUS

10.1. UNFUNDED PLAN. This plan is an unfunded plan maintained primarily to
provide deferred compensation benefits for a select group of "management
or highly-compensated employees" within the meaning of Sections 201, 301,
and 401 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
("ERISA"), and therefore is exempt from the provisions of Parts 2, 3 and 4
of Title I of ERISA. Accordingly, the Committee may terminate the Plan and
make no further benefit payments or remove certain employees as
Participants if it is determined by the United States Department of Labor,
a court of competent jurisdiction, or an opinion of counsel that the Plan
constitutes an employee pension benefit plan within the meaning of Section
3 (2) of ERISA (as currently in effect or hereafter amended) which is not
so exempt.

10.2. COMPANY OBLIGATION. The obligation to make benefit payments to any
Participant under the Plan shall be an obligation solely of the Company
with respect to the benefits receivable from, and contributions by, that
Company and shall not be an obligation of another company.

10.3. UNSECURED GENERAL CREDITOR. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Plan, Participants and Participants' Beneficiary shall be unsecured
general creditors, with no secured or preferential rights to any assets of
Company or any other party for payment of benefits under this Plan. Any
property held by Company for the purpose of generating the cash flow for
benefit payments shall remain its general, unpledged and unrestricted
assets. Company's obligation under the Plan shall be an unfunded and
unsecured promise to pay money in the future.

10.4. TRUST FUND. Company shall be responsible for the payment of all benefits
provided under the Plan. At its discretion, Company may establish one (1)
or more trusts, with such trustees as the Committee may approve, for the
purpose of assisting in the payment of such benefits. Although such a
trust may be irrevocable, its assets shall be held for payment of all
Company's general



creditors in the event of insolvency. To the extent any benefits provided
under the Plan are paid from any such trust, Company shall have no
further obligation to pay them. If not paid from the trust, such benefits
shall remain the obligation of Company.

10.5.  NONASSIGNABILITY. Neither a Participant nor any other person shall have
any right to commute, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, anticipate,
mortgage or otherwise encumber, transfer, hypothecate or convey in
advance of actual receipt the amounts, if any, payable hereunder, or any
part thereof, which are, and all rights to which are, expressly declared
to be unassignable and non-transferable. No part of the amounts payable
shall, prior to actual payment, be subject to seizure or sequestration
for the payment of any debts, judgments, alimony or separate maintenance
owed by a Participant or any other person, nor be transferable by
operation of law in the event of a Participant's or any other person's
bankruptcy or insolvency.

10.6.  NOT A CONTRACT OF EMPLOYMENT. This Plan shall not constitute a contract
of employment between Company and the Participant. Nothing in this Plan
shall give a Participant the right to be retained in the service of
Company or to interfere with the right of the Company to discipline or
discharge a Participant at any time.

10.7.  PROTECTIVE PROVISIONS. A Participant will cooperate with Company by
furnishing any and all information requested by Company, in order to
facilitate the payment of benefits hereunder, and by taking such physical
examinations as Company may deem necessary and taking such other action
as may be requested by Company.

10.8.  GOVERNING LAW. The provisions of this Plan shall be construed and
interpreted according to the laws of the State of Massachusetts except as
preempted by federal law.

10.9.  VALIDITY. If any provision of this Plan shall be held illegal or invalid
for any reason, said illegality or invalidity shall not affect the
remaining parts hereof, but this Plan shall be construed and enforced as
if such illegal and invalid provision had never been inserted herein.

10.10. NOTICE. Any notice required or permitted under the Plan shall be
sufficient if in writing and hand delivered or sent by registered or
certified mail. Such notice shall be deemed given as of the date of
delivery or, if delivery is made by mail, as of the date shown on the
postmark on the receipt for registration or certification. Mailed notice
to the Committee shall be directed to the company's address. Mailed
notice to a Participant or Beneficiary shall be directed to the
individual's last known address in company's records.

10.11. SUCCESSORS. The provisions of this Plan shall bind and inure to the
benefit of Company and its successors and assigns. The term successors as
used herein shall include any corporate or other business entity which
shall, whether by merger, consolidation, purchase or otherwise acquire
all or substantially all of the business and assets of Company, and
successors of any such corporation or other business entity.









ASPEN INSURANCE US SERVICES, INC.

BY:

BY: Christian J. Maciejewski

BY: /s/  Christian J. Maciejewski

DATED: August 25, 2004












ASPEN INSURANCE US SERVICES, INC.
SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN
PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT



Participant: Peter P. Coghlan                    SSN:

ACKNOWLEDGMENT

I, the undersigned Participant, hereby acknowledge receiving notification of my
eligibility to participate in the Aspen Insurance US Services, Inc. Supplemental
Executive Retirement Plan, effective January 1, 2004. I acknowledge that I have
received a copy of the Plan document and Plan summary materials, which include a
description of the Plan provisions.

By signing this Participation Agreement, I agree to be bound by the terms of the
Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan as set forth in the Plan document. If
there is a conflict between the Plan document and any other communication,
written or oral, including the Plan summary, then the terms of the Plan document
will control.

COMPANY CONTRIBUTION

The Plan provides for annual contributions to be made to the Participant's
Account as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. The amount of the
Company Contribution as defined by the Plan shall be $ 119,500.

The Company Contribution and the Participant's Account shall be used solely to
calculate the amount payable under the Plan and shall not constitute a separate
fund of assets. Nothing in the Plan or in this Participation Agreement shall
imply that the Participant has any secured or preferential rights to any assets
of Aspen Insurance US Services, Inc. (the "Company") or any other party for
payment of benefits under this Plan. The obligation under the Plan shall be an
unfunded and unsecured promise to pay money in the future.

DISTRIBUTION ELECTION

Retirement: In the event of my termination of employment with the Company at or
after Normal Retirement Age (as defined in the Plan document), the benefit shall
be paid at the time and manner elected below:

[       ]  as soon as administratively practical after termination of employment
in the form of a lump sum.

[   X   ]  annual installments
enter #    (up to 23 years)
of years

Termination: In the event of my termination of employment with the Company prior
to Normal Retirement Age (as defined in the Plan document), the benefit shall be
paid at the time and in the manner elected below:

[       ]  as soon as administratively practical after termination of employment
in the form of a lump sum.

[   X   ]  annual installments
enter #    (up to 10 years)
of years



I hereby designate the following as beneficiary(ies) to receive the death
benefits payable under the Aspen Insurance US Services, Inc. Supplemental
Executive Retirement Plan as a result of my death:

BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION
PRIMARY BENEFICIARY(IES):


Name                          Date of Birth      Relationship     % Share


Address


Name                          Date of Birth      Relationship     % Share


Address


CONTINGENT BENEFICIARY(IES):


Name                          Date of Birth      Relationship     % Share


Address


Name                          Date of Birth      Relationship     % Share


Address

Unless otherwise indicated above, payment to two or more beneficiaries shall
be paid in equal shares. The share of any beneficiary who dies before the
Participant shall be divided among the surviving beneficiaries in proportion to
their interests. If no beneficiary survives the Participant, payment shall be
made to the estate of the Participant.


In witness hereof, the Participant and the Company have executed this
Participation Agreement in duplicate as of the date noted below.


/s/ Peter Coghlan                                             8/25/2004

Signature of Participant                              Date


/s/ Chris Maciejewski                                         8/25/2004

Company                                     Date









