






ex10_1.htm











Exhibit
10.1





January
2009






TENNESSEE
VALLEY AUTHORITY

SUPPLEMENTAL
EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN







1.           PURPOSE
AND SCOPE










1.1


Establishment.  The
Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) hereby establishes, effective October 1,
1995, an unfunded supplemental retirement plan for selected employees and
their beneficiaries as described herein, which shall be known as the
“Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan” (the
“Plan”).















1.2


Purpose.  The
purpose of the Plan is to provide retirement benefits to selected
employees of TVA which are comparable to those provided by competing
organizations.









2.           DEFINITIONS




Wherever
used herein, the following terms have the meaning set forth below, unless a
different meaning is clearly required by the context:










2.1


“Accrued
Benefit” means an annual benefit commencing at the later of (a) the Normal
Retirement Date or (b) the Participant’s age at the time of Separation
from Service, and continuing during the expected lifetime of the
Participant based on the applicable mortality table used by the TVA
Retirement System.















2.2


“Actuarial
Equivalent” means a benefit of equal value to a benefit otherwise payable
in a different form or at a different time under the Plan, when computed
on the basis of the mortality and interest rate that are used by the TVA
Retirement System as in effect on the date distribution is
made.















2.3


“Approved
Termination” means termination of employment with TVA due to (a)
retirement on or after the Participant’s Normal Retirement Date, (b)
retirement on or after attainment of actual age 55, if such retirement has
the approval of the Board or its delegatee, (c) death in service as an
employee, (d) disability (as such term is defined under the Rules and
Regulations of the TVA Retirement System) as determined by the Retirement
Committee, or (e) any other circumstances approved by the Board or its
delegatee.















2.4


“Average
Compensation” means the highest average of Compensation during three
consecutive Plan Years.  If a Participant has been an employee
of TVA for less than three Plan Years, the average shall be determined
based on the period of employment.















2.5


“Beneficiary”
shall mean the person or persons, designated in writing by a Participant,
who are to receive a benefit under this Plan in the event of a
Participant’s death.  In the absence of any designated
beneficiary or in the event that the designated beneficiary is deceased,
then the beneficiary shall be the Participant’s
estate.















2.6


“Board”
means the Board of Directors of
TVA.















2.7


“Compensation”
means the sum of annual salary, unreduced by contributions under Internal
Revenue Code sections 125, 132 and 402 (a)(8), plus annual incentive
award.















1


























2.8


“Credited
Service” means actual service with TVA plus any additional service which
the Board, or its delegatee, approves under this
Plan.















2.9


“Date
of Benefit Commencement” means the later of (a) the date benefit payments
begin within four (4) months following the date the Participant turns age
55, but no later than March 15 of the year following the year in which the
Participant turns age 55, or (b) the date benefit payments begin within
four (4) months following the date of the Participant’s Separation from
Service, but no later than March 15 of the year following the year of the
Participant’s Separation from
Service.















2.10


“Normal
Retirement Date” shall mean the first of the month coincident with or next
following the date on which the Participant has attained age
62.















2.11


“Participants”
shall mean those employees participating in the Plan as provided in
section 3.















2.12


“Plan
Year“ is TVA’s fiscal year, October 1 to September
30.















2.13


“Prior
Employer Offset” means the Actuarial Equivalent of the benefit earned
under a prior employers’ qualified defined benefit pension plan or plans
attributable to prior employer service, which is included in Credited
Service under this Plan, assuming benefit payments are to begin at the
Normal Retirement Date.  A Prior Employer Offset shall only
apply if all or a portion of the period of service during which such
benefit was earned is included in Credited Service.  The Board
or its delegate may, in its sole discretion, waive all or part of the
Prior Employer Offset for any
Participant.















2.14


“Qualified
Plan” means the retirement plan under which a Participant accrues benefits
for his or her TVA service and may be any of the TVA Retirement System,
the Civil Service Retirement System, or the Federal Employees Retirement
System.















2.15


“Qualified
Plan Offset” means the Actuarial Equivalent of the Participant’s benefit
under the Qualified Plan, assuming the maximum benefit with no survivor
elections and benefit payments beginning at the Normal Retirement Date,
with the benefit calculated as
follows:















2.15.1


For
a Participant in the TVA Retirement System, Civil Service Retirement
System, or Federal Employees Retirement System, the product of (a) the
Participant’s average compensation (as defined under the Rules and
Regulations of the TVA Retirement System), times (b)
Credited Service (not to exceed 24 years), times (c) 1.3
percent.















2.15.2


[reserved]















2.16


“Retirement
Committee” means a group of three persons appointed by the Board or its
delegatee to administer the Plan.















2.17


“Separation
from Service” or “separates from service” means the same as the term
“separation from service” as defined in 26 CFR §1.409A-1(h) of the
Internal Revenue Code Section 409A final
regulations.















2.18


“Social
Security Offset” means the primary benefit amount, commencing at the
Participant’s Normal Retirement Date, that would be calculated under the
Social Security Act as in effect at the time of the Participant’s
Separation from Service.















2




















In the
event of an Unapproved Termination, the calculation shall be made assuming that
the Participant continued to earn covered compensation until the Participant’s
Normal Retirement Date at a rate equal to the maximum taxable wage base. In the
event of an Approved Termination, the calculation shall be made assuming no
further compensation is earned.  The Board or its delegatee may, in
its sole discretion, waive all or part of the Social Security Offset for any
Participant.










2.19


“Unapproved
Termination” means a termination of employment with TVA that does not
constitute an Approved Termination as such term is defined in
section 2.3.









3.           PARTICIPATION










The
Board, or its delegatee, shall select individual employees as
Participants.  Each Participant so selected shall be designated
as a Tier One or a Tier Two
Participant.









4.           BENEFIT
ELIGIBILITY AND CALCULATION










4.1


Vesting.  A
Participant will vest in his/her Accrued Benefit (a) after five (5) years
of actual TVA service, unless otherwise waived by the Board or its
delegatee, (b) upon death in service as an employee, or (c) upon
disability (as such term is defined under the Rules and Regulations of the
TVA Retirement System) as determined by the Retirement
Committee.















4.2


A
Participant’s Accrued Benefit is calculated at the time of the
Participant’s Separation from Service as set forth
below:















4.2.1


Tier
One Participants.  The Accrued Benefit for Tier One Participants
shall be equal to (a) the lesser of (i) 2.5 percent of Average
Compensation times years of
Credited Service and (ii) 60 percent of Average Compensation, minus (b) the
sum of the Qualified Plan Offset, the Prior Employer Offset, and the
Social Security Offset.















4.2.2


Tier
Two Participants.  The Accrued Benefit for Tier Two Participants
shall be equal to (a) 1.3 percent, times (b) years
of Credited Service, times (c) the
difference of (i) Average Compensation as defined as herein minus (ii)
earnable compensation as defined in the Qualified
Plan.















4.3


Benefit
Payable for Approved Termination.  In the event of an Approved
Termination, the Participant shall be eligible to receive a benefit equal
to the Accrued Benefit subject to the reduction below.  In the
event the Participant separates from service prior to the Normal
Retirement Date, the Accrued Benefit shall be reduced by 5/12 percent for
each month that the Date of Benefit Commencement precedes the Normal
Retirement Date; however, in no event shall the benefit be reduced by more
than 35 percent.















4.4


Benefit
Payable for Death Prior to Date of Benefit Commencement.  In the
event of a Participant’s death prior to the Date of Benefit Commencement,
the Participant’s Beneficiary shall receive a lump-sum benefit that is the
Actuarial Equivalent of the Accrued Benefit that would have been payable
had the Participant separated from service on the date of death and
elected a joint and 50 percent survivor
benefit.















3


























4.5


Benefit
Payable for Unapproved Termination.  In the event of an
Unapproved Termination, the Participant shall receive a benefit equal to
the Accrued Benefit subject to the reductions
below.















4.5.1


In
the event the Participant has less than ten (10) years of Credited Service
at the time of Separation from Service, the Accrued Benefit shall be
reduced by 10 percent for each full year of Credited Service less than ten
(10) years.















4.5.2


In
the event the Participant separates from service prior to the Normal
Retirement Date, the Accrued Benefit, as reduced in Section 4.5.1 above,
shall be further reduced by 10/12 percent for each month that the Date of
Benefit Commencement precedes the Normal Retirement Date; however, in no
event shall the Accrued Benefit, as reduced in Section 4.5.1 above, be
reduced further by more than 70
percent.









5.           PAYMENT
OF BENEFITS










5.1


Terms
and Conditions of Benefit Payments.  The benefit calculated
under Section 4 above will be paid as
follows:















5.1.1


For
Participants in the Plan prior to January 1, 2009, the benefit calculated
under Section 4 will be paid in the Actuarial Equivalent form of five (5)
annual installments, unless a Participant has validly elected pursuant to
IRS transition rules prior to January 1, 2009, to receive payments in the
Actuarial Equivalent form of ten (10) annual
installments.















5.1.2


For
Participants first in the Plan on or after January 1, 2009, the benefit
calculated under Section 4 will be paid in the Actuarial Equivalent form
of five (5) annual installments, unless a Participant has validly elected
under IRS rules within thirty (30) days of becoming a participant in the
Plan, to receive payments in the Actuarial Equivalent form of ten (10)
annual installments.















5.1.3


The
first annual installment pursuant to Sections 5.1.1 and 5.1.2 above will
be paid on the Date of Benefit Commencement, and subsequent annual
installments will be paid in January of each succeeding
year.















5.2


In
the event the Participant dies following the Date of Benefit Commencement
but prior to the final annual installment, the remaining unpaid benefit
due the Participant will be paid to the Participant’s Beneficiary
following the Participant’s death in a lump sum calculated to be the
Actuarial Equivalent of the remaining unpaid benefit due the
Participant.















5.3


Alienation
of Benefits Prohibited.  No benefit payable at any time under
the Plan shall be subject in any manner to alienation, anticipation, sale,
transfer, assignment, pledge, attachment, or encumbrance or any kind,
except as required by law.  No benefit payable at any time under
the Plan shall be subject in any manner to the debts or liabilities of any
person entitled to such benefit, and TVA shall not be required to make any
payments toward such debts or
liabilities.















5.4


Incapacity.  In
the event that any benefit hereunder is, or becomes, payable to a minor,
to a person under a legal disability, or to a person not judicially
declared incompetent but who by reason of illness or mental or physical
disability is, in the opinion of the Retirement Committee, incapable of
personally receiving and















4

















giving
valid receipt for such payment, then, unless and until claim therefor shall have
been made by a duly appointed guardian or other legal representative of such
person, the Retirement Committee may provide for such payment or any part
thereof to be made to any person or institution then contributing toward or
providing for the care and maintenance of such person.  Any such
payment shall be a payment for such person and shall constitute a complete
discharge of the liability of TVA therefor.




6.           GENERAL
PROVISIONS










6.1


Funding.  The
Plan is intended as an unfunded plan of supplementary retirement benefits
for selected employees of TVA.  TVA may establish appropriate
reserves for the Plan on its books of account in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles.  TVA may set up a trust or
trusts to manage these reserves.  Such reserves shall be, for
all purposes, part of the general assets of TVA, and no Participant,
Beneficiary, or other person claiming a right under the Plan shall have
any interest, right, or title to such reserves except as provided by the
terms of any trust established to hold such reserves.  In all
events, it is the intent of TVA that the Plan be treated as unfunded for
tax purposes.















6.2


Right
to Amend, Suspend, or Terminate.  TVA reserves the right at any
time and from time to time to amend or terminate the Plan by action of the
Board or its delegatee without the consent of any Participant, Beneficiary
or other person.  However, no such amendment may decrease a
Participant’s Accrued Benefit as of the time of such
amendment.  In the event of Plan termination, a Participant
shall be entitled to receive his or her Accrued Benefit, determined as of
the date of Plan termination, in the form and manner as set forth in the
Plan as of the date of Plan termination.  Plan amendments may be
approved and implemented by the Retirement Committee except that the Board
or its delegatee reserves the right to approve any Plan amendments which
could change the amount of the benefits payable under the
Plan.















6.3


Right
to Benefit.  No person shall have any right to a benefit under
the Plan except as such benefit has become payable in accordance with the
terms of the Plan, and such right shall be no greater than the rights of
any unsecured general creditor of TVA.  Notwithstanding any
other provision of this Plan, if an employee shall be discharged for
reasons of acts of fraud, dishonesty, larceny, misappropriation, or
embezzlement committed against TVA, all of such employee’s rights to
benefits under this Plan shall be
forfeited.















6.4


Administration
of the Plan.  Except as otherwise specifically provided in the
Plan, the Retirement Committee shall be the administrator of the
Plan.  The Retirement Committee as plan administrator shall have
full authority in its discretion to determine all questions arising in
connection with the Plan, including the interpretation of the Plan, and
may adopt Plan amendments (subject to section 6.2) and procedural rules
and may rely on such legal counsel, actuaries, accountants, and agents as
it may deem advisable to assist in the administration of the
Plan.  The Retirement Committee may establish such rules and
procedures as it deems appropriate to carry out the intent and purpose of
the Plan.  Decisions of the Retirement Committee as plan
administrator shall be conclusive and binding on all Participants and
Beneficiaries.  The Retirement Committee may delegate in writing
to one or more persons any of its duties as plan administrator and may
revoke in writing any such designation previously
made.















5


























6.5


Titles.  The
titles of the articles and sections herein are included for convenience of
reference only and shall not be construed as part of this Plan or have any
effect upon the meaning of the provisions hereof.  Unless the
context requires otherwise, the singular shall include the plural and the
masculine shall include the feminine; such words as “herein,” “hereafter,”
“hereof,” and “hereunder” shall refer to this instrument as a whole and
not merely to the subdivision in which such words
appear.















6.6


Separability.  If
any term or provision of this Plan as presently in effect or amended from
time to time, or the application thereof to any payments or circumstances,
shall to any extent be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of the
Plan, and the application of such term or provision to payments or
circumstances other than those as to which it is invalid or unenforceable,
shall not be affected thereby, and each term or provision of the Plan
shall be valid and enforced to the fullest extent permitted by
law.















6.7


Authorized
Officers.  Whenever TVA under the terms of the Plan is permitted
or required to do or to perform any act or matter or thing, it shall be
done and performed by a duly authorized officer of
TVA.















6.8


Certain
Rights and Limitations.  The establishment of the Plan shall not
be construed as conferring any legal rights upon any employee or other
person for a continuation of employment, nor shall it interfere with the
rights of TVA to discharge any employee and to treat any employee without
regard to the effect that such treatment might have upon that employee as
a participant in the Plan.















6.9


Compliance
with Section 409A.  At all times, to the extent Internal Revenue
Code Section 409A and its implementing regulations (collectively, “Section
409A”) applies to amounts deferred under this Plan: (a) this Plan shall be
operated in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A; (b) any
action that may be taken (and, to the extent possible, any action actually
taken) by the Board or its delegatee, the Retirement Committee, and the
Participants or their Beneficiaries shall not be taken (or shall be void
and without effect), if such action violates the requirements of Section
409A; (c) any provision in this Plan that is determined to violate the
requirements of Section 409A shall be void and without effect; and (d) any
provision that is required by Section 409A to appear in this Plan that is
not expressly set forth shall be deemed to be set forth herein, and this
Plan shall be administered in all respects as if such provision were
expressly set forth herein.
























6

















