






Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan



Exhibit 10.5

FROZEN AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2004


DOMINION RESOURCES, INC.

EXECUTIVE SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT PLAN



As Amended and Restated
Effective December 17, 2004








FROZEN AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2004

DOMINION RESOURCES, INC.
EXECUTIVE SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT PLAN

Purpose


The Board of Directors of Virginia Electric and Power
Company determined that adoption of the Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan would assist it in attracting and retaining those employees whose judgment, abilities and experience will contribute to its continued progress. On May 19, 1983, Virginia
Electric and Power Company became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dominion Resources, Inc. The Plan was amended to reflect the reorganization of Virginia Electric and Power Company and the Plan was adopted by Dominion Resources, Inc. The Plan was
amended further, effective as of October 21, 1983, to require sixty (60) months of service to be eligible for retirement benefits and to assure Participants who have attained age fifty-five (55) and who have sixty (60) months of service with the
Company, or who die or become Totally and Permanently Disabled, of their benefits, so long as they remain elected officers at the time of their separation from service. The Plan was amended further, effective as of September 1, 1996, to add a
vesting schedule for Participants under age 55, to change the form and timing of benefit payments, and to coordinate payments with changes in a previously established trust. The Plan was again completely amended and restated effective July 8, 2002,
subsequently amended and restated effective September 19, 2003, and restated effective December 17, 2004 to freeze the Plan.

Effective December 31, 2004, the Plan is closed to any new Participants and there shall be no new benefits accruing after that date. The terms and
conditions of this Plan shall continue to apply with respect to all benefits accrued under this Plan and all Participants in this Plan on or before December 31, 2004.

The Plan is being restated with the intent that the restatement shall not constitute a material modification of the Plan for
purposes of Section 885(d)(2) of Public Law No. 108-357, the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004. If any portion of this restatement is determined to be a material modification for that purpose, that portion of the restatement shall be null and void.
All provisions of this restatement of the Plan shall be read and interpreted to be consistent with the intent of this paragraph. This Plan shall not be materially modified within the meaning of this section at any time in the future.

Article I

Definitions

As defined herein, the following phrases or terms shall have the indicated
meanings:

1.1 “Administrative Benefit Committee”
means the Administrative Benefit Committee appointed to manage and administer the Plan in accordance with the provisions of Article XI hereof.







FROZEN AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2004

1.2 “Affiliate” means any entity that is (i) a member of a controlled group of corporations as defined in Section
1563(a) of the Code, determined without regard to Code Sections 1563(a)(4) and 1563(e)(3)(C), of which Dominion Resources, Inc. is a member according to Code Section 414(b); (ii) an unincorporated trade or business that is under common control with
Dominion Resources, Inc., as determined according to Code Section 414(c); or (iii) a member of an affiliated service group of which Dominion Resources, Inc. is a member according to Code Section 414(m).

1.3 “Beneficiary” means the individual, individuals, entity,
entities or the estate of a Participant which, in accordance with the provisions of Article V, is entitled to receive the benefits payable under the Plan, if any, upon the Participant’s death.

1.4 “Cash Incentive Plan” means any short term incentive plan of
Dominion Resources, Inc. or an Affiliate that the OCN Committee determines should be taken into account for purposes of this Plan.

1.5 “Change in Control” means with regard to each Participant at any time an event that constitutes a “Change in Control” for purposes
of the Employment Continuity Agreement between the Participant and Dominion Resources, Inc. as in effect at that time.

1.6 “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

1.7 “Company” means Dominion Resources, Inc., its predecessor, a subsidiary or an Affiliate.

1.8 “Final Compensation” means, with respect to a specified
Participant as of a specified date not later than December 31, 2004, the sum of (i) the Participant’s annual base salary rate then in effect and (ii) the Participant’s Incentive Compensation Amount. For purposes of this definition, all
components of Final Compensation are calculated without regard to any elections by the Participant to defer any amount that otherwise would have been paid to the Participant for the relevant period. As of December 31, 2004, the Participant’s
Final Compensation shall be fixed, based on the annual base salary rate determined as of December 31, 2004 and the Incentive Compensation Amount shall be the target amount for the 2004 year.

1.9 “Incentive Compensation Amount” means the target amount that
may be paid to a Participant under the Cash Incentive Plan with regard to the year as of which the determination is being made. If a Participant participates in more than one Cash Incentive Plan during a year, the Participant’s “Incentive
Compensation Amount” will be the greatest of the target amounts designated under any plan for that year.

1.10 “OCN Committee” means the Organization, Compensation and Nominating Committee of Dominion Resources, Inc.

1.11 “Participant” means an elected officer of Dominion Resources,
Inc. or an Affiliate who is designated by the OCN Committee to participate in the Plan in accordance with Article II.

1.12 “Plan” means the Dominion Resources, Inc. Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan.


2








FROZEN AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2004

1.13 “Potential Change in Control” means with regard to each Participant at any time an event that constitutes a
“Potential Change in Control” for purposes of the Employment Continuity Agreement between the Participant and Dominion Resources, Inc. as in effect at that time.

1.14 “Retirement” and “Retire” mean severance from employment with the Company at or after the
attainment of fifty-five (55) years of age and the completion of sixty (60) months of service with the Company.

1.15 “Totally and Permanently Disabled” means a condition that renders a Participant eligible to receive long term disability benefits under the
Company’s long term disability plan that covers the Participant.

Article II

Participation


An elected officer of Dominion Resources, Inc. or an
Affiliate will become a Participant in the Plan upon his or her designation as a Participant by the OCN Committee. The OCN Committee may change its designation of any individual officer as a Participant at any time; provided, however, that in any
event an individual shall remain a Participant only so long as the individual remains an elected officer. The employer of a Participant will be a designated employer under the Plan.

Article III

Benefits

Subject to the provisions of Articles VII and VIII, a Participant (or the Participant’s Beneficiary, if applicable) shall be entitled to benefits
under this Plan as follows:

3.1 (a) If a Participant
continues in the employ of the Company beyond age fifty-five (55) and after completing sixty (60) months of service, such Participant shall upon Retirement be entitled to an annual benefit equal to Twenty-Five Percent (25%) of the Participant’s
Final Compensation, payable in equal monthly installments for a period of one hundred twenty (120) months.

(b) If a Participant becomes Totally and Permanently Disabled prior to Retirement, regardless of such Participant’s age or months of service, the
Participant shall be entitled to receive a benefit equal to the amount described in Section 3.1(a).

(c) If a Participant dies while still employed by the Company, regardless of such Participant’s age or months of service, the Participant’s
Beneficiary shall be entitled to receive a benefit equal to the amount described in Section 3.1(a). If a Participant dies after benefit payments have commenced under Section 3.1(a) or 3.1(b), as applicable, but before receiving one hundred twenty
(120) monthly payments, the remainder of such payments will be made monthly to the Participant’s Beneficiary determined in accordance with Article V.


3








FROZEN AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2004

(d) If a Participant has completed sixty (60) months of service with the Company, upon his severance from employment with
the Company before the attainment of fifty-five (55) years of age, the Participant shall be entitled to a benefit equal to the benefit computed under Section 3.1(a) multiplied by the following fraction (not greater than one):

Participant’s completed months of service since becoming a Participant



Total months
from the date on which the individual became a Participant to
the Participant’s attainment of fifty-five (55) years of age.


In calculating months of service, partial months shall be disregarded. The
actuarial equivalent of the benefit under this Section 3.1(d) shall be paid in a single lump sum payment. The actuarial equivalent shall be determined as provided in Section 3.2. Payment shall be made on the first day of the month following the
Participant’s severance from employment with the Company or as soon thereafter as administratively practicable.

3.2 (a) In lieu of the benefits described in Section 3.1(a) or 3.1(b), as applicable, a Participant may elect to receive the actuarial equivalent of the
benefits (i) over a period certain which is more than ten (10) years but not greater than sixteen (16) years, or (ii) as a single lump sum payment. The actuarial equivalent of the benefits provided under Section 3.1(a) or 3.1(b) shall be computed
using actuarial factors, including interest rates, as determined by the Administrative Benefit Committee. If a Participant who makes an effective election under subsection (i) above dies prior to receiving the total actuarial equivalent of the
benefits described in Section 3.1(a) or 3.1(b), as applicable, the balance of such actuarial equivalent shall be paid monthly to the Participant’s Beneficiary determined in accordance with Article V. If a Participant who makes an effective
election under subsection (ii) above to receive benefits in a single lump sum dies prior to receiving the payment, the lump sum benefit shall be paid to the Participant’s Beneficiary determined in accordance with Article V.

(b) Effective December 1, 2001, if a Participant elects to receive benefits
in a single lump sum payment under Section 3.2(a), the Participant may elect prior to December 31, 2004 to defer payment of such benefits by electing to roll over the amount of the benefits to the Dominion Resources, Inc. Executives’ Deferred
Compensation Plan. Payment of benefits rolled over to the Dominion Resources, Inc. Executives’ Deferred Compensation Plan shall be determined under the distribution provisions of that plan.

(c) Effective January 1, 2003, if a Participant elects to receive benefits in
a single lump sum payment under Section 3.2(a), the Participant may elect to defer payment of such benefits by electing to roll over the amount of the benefits to the Dominion Security Option Plan. Payment of benefits rolled over to the Dominion
Security Option Plan shall be determined under the distribution provisions of that plan.

(d) The Participant must make the election under Section 3.2(a), 3.2(b) or 3.2(c) at least six (6) months prior to the commencement of the receipt of benefits. Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective December 1, 2001
for distributions prior to June 1, 2002, the Participant may elect the rollover option as described in Section 3.2(b) (regardless of whether the Participant has previously made an election to receive benefits under Section 3.2(a)), and such election
shall be effective ten (10) days after the receipt of such election by the Administrative Benefit Committee.


4








3.3 A Beneficiary receiving benefits described in Section 3.1 or Section 3.2 may designate a beneficiary
who will be entitled to receive the remaining benefits due the Beneficiary after the Beneficiary’s death. Designation of a beneficiary under this Section 3.3 shall be made in accordance with Article V of the Plan.

3.4 Payment of the benefits described in Sections 3.1 and 3.2 shall commence
on (or as soon as practicable after) the first day of the month next following the Retirement, other termination of employment, or death of the Participant, whichever is applicable; provided, however, that payment of the benefit described in Section
3.1(b) shall commence on (or as soon as practicable after) the first day of the month next following the Administrative Benefit Committee’s determination of the Participant’s Total and Permanent Disability.

3.5 It is not intended that a Participant or Beneficiary receive duplicate
benefits under this Plan. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, therefore, the following provisions shall apply after a Participant has received a payment of any benefits under this Plan:

(a) If a Participant ceases to be employed by the Company,
receives a distribution of part or all of the benefits payable under this Plan, and is subsequently reemployed by the Company, the amount of any benefit subsequently payable to the Participant from this Plan shall be appropriately adjusted to
reflect the earlier distribution.

(b) If a
Participant has received an immediate lump sum payment of all benefits due to the Participant under this Plan, the Participant’s Beneficiary shall not be entitled to receive any benefit under Article III or otherwise under this Plan.


(c) Any adjustment under this Section 3.5
shall be made in accordance with rules established by the Administrative Benefit Committee and applied in a uniform and nondiscriminatory manner.

3.6 All payments under the Plan shall be subject to any applicable payroll and withholding taxes.

Article IV

Coordination of Benefits

Any amount payable to a Participant or a Beneficiary under the Plan may be
paid in part or in whole from any trust which is maintained by or on behalf of Dominion Resources, Inc. or an Affiliate or to which Dominion Resources, Inc or an Affiliate contributes, including without limitation any so-called “rabbi” or
“secular” trust established from time to time. Dominion Resources, Inc. shall have the complete discretion to determine the source of any payment due under the Plan to any Participant or Beneficiary.


5








FROZEN AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2004

Article V

Designation of Beneficiary

5.1 A Participant may designate a Beneficiary to receive benefits due under the Plan, if any, upon the Participant’s death. Designation of a
Beneficiary shall be made by execution of a form approved or accepted by the Administrative Benefit Committee. In the absence of an effective Beneficiary designation, a Participant’s surviving spouse, if any, and if none, the Participant’s
estate, shall be the Beneficiary.

5.2 A Participant may change
a prior Beneficiary designation made under Section 5.1 by a subsequent execution of a new Beneficiary designation form. The change in Beneficiary will be effective upon receipt by the Administrative Benefit Committee or its designee.

5.3 A beneficiary designation or a change in beneficiary designation by a
Beneficiary pursuant to Section 3.3 shall be governed by Sections 5.1 and 5.2 as if “Beneficiary” were substituted for “Participant” and “beneficiary” were substituted for “Beneficiary” therein.

Article VI

Guarantees

The Company has only a contractual obligation to make payments of the
benefits described in Article III. All benefits paid by the Company are to be satisfied solely out of the general corporate assets of the Company, which assets shall remain subject at all times to the claims of its creditors. No assets of the
Company will be segregated or committed to the satisfaction of its obligations to any Participant or Beneficiary under this Plan.

Article VII

Termination of Employment

7.1 The Plan does not in any way limit the right of the Company at any time and for any reason to terminate either a Participant’s employment or a Participant’s status as an officer. In no event shall the
Plan, by its terms or by implication, constitute an employment contract of any nature whatsoever between the Company and a Participant.

7.2 Except as otherwise provided in Section 7.3, a Participant (a) who is removed or not reelected as an officer or (b) whose employment with the Company
terminates for any reason other than death or Total and Permanent Disability before the Participant has completed sixty (60) months of service with the Company, shall immediately cease to be a Participant under this Plan and shall forfeit all rights
under this Plan. In no event shall an individual who was a Participant but who is not an officer of a designated employer at the time of such individual’s death, Retirement, Total and Permanent Disability, or other termination of employment
with the Company be entitled to any benefit under the Plan. A Participant on authorized leave of absence from the Company shall not be deemed to have terminated employment or to lose the status of Participant solely as a result of such leave of
absence.


6








FROZEN AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2004

7.3 Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if a Participant is in the employ of a Company on the date of a Change
in Control or a Potential Change in Control relating to that Company, the provisions of the Employment Continuity Agreement between the Participant and Dominion Resources, Inc. shall control (a) the Participant’s subsequent participation in
this Plan and (b) the eligibility for, computation of, and payment of any benefits under this Plan to the Participant.

7.4 A Participant who ceases to be an employee of the Company and who is subsequently reemployed by the Company shall not accrue any additional benefits
for periods during which he or she is not a Participant.

Article VIII

Termination, Amendment or
Modification of Plan

8.1 Except as otherwise
specifically provided, Dominion Resources, Inc. reserves the right to amend, modify or terminate this Plan, wholly or partially, at any time and from time to time by action of its Board of Directors or its delegate; provided, however, that no such
amendment, modification or termination may decrease the benefit of a Participant (or Beneficiary, if applicable) where (a) the Participant has already terminated employment at a time when a benefit is payable under the Plan or (b) the Participant
has already completed sixty (60) months of service with the Company as of the date of the change and remains an elected officer of a designated employer; and further provided that with respect to a Participant who is in the employ of a Company on
the date of a Change in Control or a Potential Change in Control relating to that Company, the provisions of the Employment Continuity Agreement between the Participant and Dominion Resources, Inc. shall apply to limit the ability of Dominion
Resources, Inc. to amend, modify or terminate this Plan with regard to the affected Participant unless the Participant agrees to such amendment, modification or termination in writing.

8.2 Section 8.1 notwithstanding, no action to terminate the Plan shall be taken except upon written notice to each
Participant to be affected thereby, which notice shall be given not less than thirty (30) days prior to such action.

8.3 Any notice which shall be or may be given under the Plan shall be in writing and shall be mailed by United States mail, postage prepaid. If notice is
to be given to Dominion Resources, Inc., such notice shall be addressed to the corporate offices and sent to the attention of the Corporate Secretary. If notice is to be given to a Participant, such notice shall be addressed to the
Participant’s last known address.

8.4 Except as provided
in Sections 7.3 and 8.1, upon the termination of this Plan, the Plan shall no longer be of any further force or effect and neither Dominion Resources, Inc. nor any Participant or Beneficiary shall have any further obligation or right under this
Plan.


7








FROZEN AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2004

8.5 The rights of any individual who was a Participant and whose designation as a Participant is revoked or rescinded by the
OCN Committee shall cease upon such action.

Article IX


Other Benefits and Agreements

Except as provided in Article IV with regard to the coordination of benefit
payments, the benefits provided for a Participant and the Participant’s Beneficiary under the Plan are in addition to any other benefits available to such Participant under any other plan or program of the Company for its employees, and, except
as may otherwise be expressly provided for, the Plan shall supplement and shall not supersede, modify or amend any other plan or program of the Company in which a Participant is participating.

Article X

Restrictions on Transfer of Benefits

No right or benefit under the Plan shall be subject to anticipation,
alienation, sale, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge, and any attempt to do so shall be void. No right or benefit hereunder shall in any manner be liable for or subject to the debts, contracts, liabilities, or torts of the person entitled to
such benefit. If any Participant or Beneficiary under the Plan should become bankrupt or attempt to anticipate, alienate, sell, assign, pledge, encumber or charge any right to a benefit hereunder, then such right or benefit, in the discretion of the
OCN Committee, shall cease and terminate, and, in such event, the OCN Committee may hold or apply the same or any part thereof for the benefit of such Participant or Beneficiary, his or her spouse, children, or other dependents, or any of them, in
such manner and in such portion as the OCN Committee may deem proper.

Article XI

Administration of the
Plan

11.1 The Plan shall be administered by the
Administrative Benefit Committee, which shall have the discretionary authority to interpret the terms of the Plan and to decide factual and other questions relating to the Participant and the Participant’s benefits, including without limitation
questions relating to eligibility for, calculation of, and payment of benefits under the Plan. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Administrative Benefit Committee may adopt such rules and regulations as it may deem necessary or desirable to
carry out the purposes of the Plan. The Administrative Benefit Committee’s interpretation and construction of any provision of the Plan shall be final, conclusive and binding upon the Company and upon Participants and their Beneficiaries.


11.2 Dominion Resources, Inc. shall indemnify and save
harmless each member of the Administrative Benefit Committee and each member of the OCN Committee against any and all expenses and liabilities arising out of membership on the respective Committee, excepting only


8








FROZEN AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2004

expenses and liabilities arising out of the member’s own willful misconduct. Expenses against which a member of the OCN Committee or
the Administrative Benefit Committee shall be indemnified hereunder shall include without limitation, the amount of any settlement or judgment, costs, counsel fees, and related charges reasonably incurred in connection with a claim asserted, or a
proceeding brought or settlement thereof. The foregoing right of indemnification shall be in addition to any other rights to which any such member may be entitled.

11.3 In addition to the powers hereinabove specified, the Administrative Benefit Committee shall have the specific
discretionary authority to compute and certify the amount and kind of benefits from time to time payable to Participants and their Beneficiaries under the Plan, to authorize all disbursements for such purposes, and to determine whether a Participant
is Totally and Permanently Disabled so as to be entitled to a benefit under Section 3.1(b).

11.4 To enable the Administrative Benefit Committee to perform its functions, the Company shall supply full and timely information to the Administrative Benefit Committee on all matters relating to the compensation of
all Participants, their retirement, death or other cause for termination of employment, and such other pertinent facts as the Administrative Benefit Committee may require.

11.5 Any responsibility or authority given under this Plan to either the Administrative Benefit Committee or the OCN
Committee may be delegated by the respective committee. Any such delegation shall be in writing and shall be prospectively revocable at any time.

11.6 (a) Every Participant, retired Participant, or Beneficiary of a Participant shall be entitled to file with the Administrative Benefit Committee a
claim for benefits under the Plan. The claim is required to be in writing. For purposes of this section, any action required or authorized to be taken by the claimant may be taken by a representative authorized in writing by the claimant to
represent the claimant.

(b) If the claim is denied by the
Administrative Benefit Committee, in whole or in part, the claimant shall be furnished written notice of the denial of the claim within ninety (90) days after the Administrative Benefit Committee’s receipt of the claim or within one hundred
eighty (180) days after such receipt if special circumstances require an extension of time. If special circumstances require an extension of time, the claimant shall be furnished written notice prior to the termination of the initial ninety-day
period explaining the special circumstances that require an extension of time and the date by which the Administrative Benefit Committee expects to render the benefit determination.

(c) Within sixty (60) days following the date the claimant receives written notice of the denial of the claim, the claimant
may request the OCN Committee to review the denial. For purposes of this section, any action required or authorized to be taken by the claimant may be taken by a representative authorized in writing by the claimant to represent the claimant.


(d) The OCN Committee shall afford the claimant a full and
fair review of the decision denying the claim and shall:

(i) Provide, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to and copies of all documents, records and other information relevant to the claim;


9








FROZEN AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2004

(ii) Permit the claimant to submit written comments, documents, records and other information relating to
the claim; and

(iii) Provide a review that
takes into account all comments, documents, records and other information submitted by the claimant relating to the claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial determination.

(e) The decision on review by the OCN Committee shall be in writing and shall
be issued within sixty (60) days following receipt of the request for review. The period for decision may be extended to a date not later than one hundred twenty (120) days after such receipt if the Committee determines that special circumstances
require extension. If special circumstances require an extension of time, the claimant shall be furnished written notice prior to the termination of the initial sixty-day period explaining the special circumstances that require an extension of time
and the date by which the Committee expects to render its decision on review.

Article XII

Confidentiality and Noncompetition Provisions

12.1 By receiving a benefit under this Plan, a Participant agrees never directly or indirectly to disclose to any third party or use for such Participant’s own personal benefit any confidential information or trade secret of the
Company except and to the extent (a) disclosure is ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or (b) the information otherwise becomes public through no action of the Participant.

12.2 By receiving a benefit under this Plan, a Participant further agrees that for a period of one (1) year following
termination of employment with the Company for any reason, the Participant will not, without the specific written permission of the Company, be directly employed in, or otherwise provide services in any capacity to, any business or enterprise
(including but not limited to the Participant’s own business or enterprise) that engages in direct competition with the Company in any state in which the Company is at the time of the Participant’s termination of employment either carrying
on business or actively negotiating to enter business.

12.3
The OCN Committee (or its delegate) in its sole discretion has the authority to interpret and administered this Article XII and to determine whether a business is in competition with the Company as described in Section 12.2. In addition, a
terminated Participant may request the OCN Committee to determine in advance whether a specific contemplated business or enterprise would be in competition with the Company for purposes of Section 12.2, and a response shall be provided to the
Participant within a reasonable time after all relevant information is provided to enable the OCN Committee to make its determination.


10








FROZEN AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2004

12.4 If the OCN Committee determines that a terminated Participant who is receiving or has received benefits under this Plan
is, within one (1) year following termination of employment and without the specific written permission of the Company, directly employed in, or otherwise providing services in any capacity to, a business or enterprise that engages in direct
competition with the Company in any state in which the Company is at the time of the Participant’s termination of employment either carrying on business or actively negotiating to enter business, then (a) all payments to the Participant under
this Plan shall cease, (b) the Participant shall forfeit all rights to any further payments under the Plan, and (c) the Participant shall be responsible for repaying to the Plan any payments already made to the Participant that represent (i) amounts
paid or payable with regard to any period for which the Participant was in competition with the Company as described herein and/or (ii) any amounts already paid that related to any future benefit that has been accelerated, in each case without
regard to any payroll taxes withheld from the payment received by the Participant.

12.5 As a condition to receiving payments under the Plan, the OCN Committee may require that Participant to enter into a separate confidentiality and/or noncompetition agreement in a form acceptable to the Company.


Article XIII

Miscellaneous

13.1 The Plan shall inure to the benefit of, and shall be binding upon,
Dominion Resources, Inc. and its successors and assigns, and upon a Participant, a Beneficiary, and either of their assigns, heirs, executors and administrators.

13.2 To the extent not preempted by federal law, the Plan shall be governed and construed under the laws of the Commonwealth
of Virginia, without regard to its choice of law provisions.

13.3 Masculine pronouns wherever used shall include feminine pronouns and the use of the singular shall include the plural.


11


