








Exhibit 10.4

UNOCAL NONQUALIFIED RETIREMENT PLAN A1
(February 8, 2005)

This Unocal Nonqualified Retirement Plan A1 (the "Plan") replaces the Unocal
Retirement Supplementary Compensation Plan and Unocal Nonqualified Retirement
Plan A effective January 1, 2005 for benefits in the Unocal Retirement
Supplementary Compensation Plan and Unocal Nonqualified Retirement Plan "A" that
were transferred to the Plan effective January 1, 2005 with regard to persons
who were Employees on or after January 1, 2005.

The Plan is maintained by the Company solely for the purpose of providing
benefits for certain Employees in excess of the limitations on contributions and
benefits imposed by the Internal Revenue Service under Section 415 of the
Internal Revenue Code.

The Plan is intended to comply with the provisions of the American Jobs Creation
Act of 2004, Public Law Number 108-357 which added Section 409A to the Internal
Revenue Code. To the extent that guidance from the United States Treasury and
the United States Internal Revenue Service has not been issued, the Plan will be
operated in accordance with a reasonable, good-faith interpretation of Section
409A and its purpose, including the legislative history.

Article 1 - Eligibility

The Employee shall be eligible if each of the following provisions is satisfied:

1.1  The Employee is a Member of the Unocal Retirement Plan;

1.2  The Employee's salary grade classification with an Employer is M04, T06, or
above;

1.3  At the time of the Employee's separation from service with an Employer, the
Employee  had at  least  5  years  of  Benefit  Service  under  the  Unocal
Retirement Plan or the Employee is entitled to a vested right to his or her
Accrued Benefit under the Unocal Retirement Plan as a result of a Change of
Control; and

1.4  The  Employee's  benefit that would  otherwise be payable  under the Unocal
Retirement  Plan is reduced as a result of the  limitations  required under
Section 415 of the Code.

Article 2 - Benefit

2.1  The amount of the Employee's  monthly  benefit payable shall be the excess,
if any, of: (1) the monthly benefit which would have been payable under the
Unocal  Retirement  Plan to the  Employee  were it not for the  limitations
imposed  by  Section  415 of the Code  (including  without  limitation  any
enhanced  benefit that would have been payable as a result of a Termination
of Employment  following a Change of Control),  over (2) the actual monthly
benefit payable under the Unocal Retirement Plan.


2.2  In the event that: (1) the monthly benefit computed under Article 2.1.1. of
Unocal  Nonqualified  Retirement Plan "C" (determined without regard to the
Employee's  eligibility  to  participate in such plan) minus (2) the actual
monthly benefit  payable under the Unocal  Retirement Plan is less than the
benefit  calculated  under Article 2. 1 of this Plan,  the monthly  benefit
payable under this Plan shall be reduced to such lower amount.

2.3  Notwithstanding any provision in this Plan, in the event that: (1) it shall
be  determined  that any benefit or payment  under the Plan is a "parachute
payment"  (within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code) which is subject
to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code ("Excise  Tax"),  (2)
the Employee is not entitled (pursuant to an employment or other agreement)
to receive a "gross up"

<PAGE>

payment to provide the Employee with additional compensation to offset
the  impact  of the  Excise  Tax (a "Gross  Up  Arrangement"),  and (3) the
Employee would receive a greater net after-tax  benefit if such  Employee's
aggregate  benefits  and  payments  from the  Company  and its  affiliates,
whether under the Plan or otherwise, were reduced to a level which does not
exceed  the  greatest  amount  that could be paid to the  Employee  without
giving  rise to Excise  Tax (the  "Reduced  Amount"),  then the  Employee's
benefits or payments  under the Plan shall be reduced as  determined by the
Company so the benefits or payments under the Plan when aggregated with all
benefits and payments from the Company and its affiliates do not exceed the
Reduced  Amount.  The Employee's net after-tax  benefit shall be determined
after  application  of the Excise Tax, all federal,  state and local income
taxes and  payroll  or other  taxes,  and by  including  all  benefits  and
payments  from  the  Company  and  its  affiliates  which  are  treated  as
"parachute  payments" and included in determining  liability for the Excise
Tax.  The  determination  of the  applicability  of the  Excise Tax and the
Reduced  Amount shall be made by the Company in good faith,  provided  that
with respect to an Employee who is subject to Gross Up Arrangement or other
contract  or  agreement  that  provides   procedures  for  determining  the
existence of an Excise Tax, the  procedures  in such Gross Up  Arrangement,
contract or agreement  shall apply.  If the benefits or payments  under the
Plan are to be reduced to the  Reduced  Amount  and the  Employee  receives
other benefits or payments treated as "parachute  payments" and included in
determining  liability  for the Excise Tax, the Company may  allocate  such
portion of the reduction amount to the benefits and payments under the Plan
as it deems appropriate.

Article 3 - Form and Time of Payment

3.1  Benefits  under this Plan shall commence at the same time as benefits under
the Unocal  Retirement  Plan,  except that benefits paid under this Plan in
installments  shall  commence  on the date that  installment  payments  are
elected to commence subject to Article 3.4 and except that distributions to
a Key Employee  shall not commence until the earlier of at least six months
after the Employee's  retirement or six months after the Employee's  death.
Interest in an amount allowed by law as determined by the Union Oil Company
of California  Treasury Department shall accrue to such distribution during
the six-month  waiting period.  Benefits under this Plan shall, in addition
to any limits  imposed  herein,  be subject to the provisions of the Unocal
Retirement Plan, except as specifically provided otherwise by this Plan.

3.2  An eligible  Employee may elect to receive  payments  under this Plan under
any of the forms of payment  available  under the Unocal  Retirement  Plan,
except the Five Years  Certain Life Annuity Form and the Ten Years  Certain
Life Annuity Form,  with respect to his or her benefit under this Plan. For
purposes of this Plan, the Lump Sum Cash  Settlement Form is referred to as
a single sum cash payment.

3.3  The  forms of  payment  under  this Plan  shall be  subject  to the  terms,
conditions  and actuarial  adjustments  applicable to such forms of payment
under the Unocal Retirement Plan.

3.4  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  an  Employee  may elect,  subject to such
dates,  terms, and conditions as the Company deems appropriate,  to receive
the single sum cash  payment  amount,  as  determined  above,  in up to ten
annual  installments.  No  interest  shall  accrue or be  credited  to such
payments or amounts.

3.5  An  eligible  Employee  may elect a method of  distribution  within 30 days
after such employee  first becomes  eligible to participate in the Plan. An
eligible  Employee  may change an elected  distribution  method by making a
subsequent  timely  election,  at any time  that is not later  than  twelve
months prior to the Employee's retirement date.

3.6  If an  Employee  does not make a timely  election of the form of payment of
benefits,  then benefits  under this Plan will be paid as a single sum cash
payment  unless the Employee  makes a timely and proper  election to change
the distribution method.

<PAGE>

An election to change a distribution method (or the single sum cash payment
if no  distribution  election has been made) (1) May not take effect for at
least  twelve  months,  (2) Must provide for an  additional  deferral of at
least  five  years in the case of a  payment  that is not  attributable  to
death,  disability,  or  unforeseeable  emergency,  and (3) Must be made at
least twelve months before the date of the first  scheduled  payment if the
election  relates to  distributions  at a  specified  time or pursuant to a
fixed schedule.

3.7  The time or  schedule  of a payment  under the plan  cannot be  accelerated
except:  (1) as necessary  to fulfill a domestic  relations  order,  (2) to
comply with a certificate  of divestiture  (as defined in Internal  Revenue
Code Section 1043(b)(2)), or (3) for a cash-out of an amount of not greater
than $10,000 to a former Employee.

Regarding  such  cashouts,  the payment must be a payment of the Employee's
entire  interest in the Plan and the payment  must be made on or before the
later  of  (A)  December  31 of the  calendar  year  in  which  occurs  the
Employee's  separation  of service,  or (B) the date 2 1/2 months after the
Employee's separation from service.

3.8  If any  provision of this Plan causes Plan  benefits to be  includible  for
federal  income  tax  purposes  in the  gross  income  of an  Employee  (or
beneficiary)  prior to actual payment of such Plan benefits to the Employee
(or beneficiary),  the Company shall pay such Plan benefits to the Employee
(or beneficiary) upon a final determination to such effect, notwithstanding
any other provision of this Plan to the contrary.

3.9  The  Spouse  (or other  beneficiary)  of an  Employee  may be  entitled  to
benefits in the event of the death of the Employee.

1.   If the Employee dies prior to commencement  of payment of benefits,  a
benefit shall be payable only to the Employee's Spouse and only if the
Spouse has been  married to the  Employee for a period of at least one
year on the date of the  Employee's  death.  The amount of the benefit
payable to the Employee's  eligible Spouse shall equal the amount that
would be paid from the  Unocal  Retirement  Plan  under  the  Spouse's
Annuity Benefit,  the Special Spouse's Benefit,  the Spouse's Benefit,
or  the  Spouse's   Employee-Equivalent  Benefit,  provided  that  the
eligibility  requirements  under the Unocal  Retirement Plan have been
met for  the  elected  benefit,  with  the  calculation  based  on the
Member's  benefit  under  Article  2.1 and  Article  2.2 of this Plan.
Benefits  under this Plan will  commence  at the same time as benefits
under the Unocal  Retirement  Plan.  If a Spouse elects to receive the
Spouse's Employee-Equivalent Benefit, the Spouse may elect, subject to
such dates, terms, and conditions as the Company deems appropriate, to
receive such benefit payable in up to ten annual cash installments. No
interest  shall  accrue  or be  credited  to such  payments.  No other
benefit  shall be payable  to any other  person or entity in the event
that a benefit is paid under this  Article  3.9.1.

2.   If the Employee dies after  commencement  of payment of benefits,  the
amount,  timing and form of the benefit payments under this Plan shall
be in accordance with the Employee's election of form of payment under
this Plan.

a.   If the  Employee  elected  installment  payments or the Ten Equal
Annual Installments, the Spouse (or beneficiary) will receive one
payment in an amount equal to the remaining payments.

b.   If the  Employee  elected  a Joint  and  Survivor  Life  Annuity,
payments   will  continue  for  the  life  of  the  Spouse  (with
appropriate reduction based on the Employee's election).

c.   If the Employee elected the Single Life Annuity,  no benefit will
be paid from this Plan to the Spouse (or beneficiary).

<PAGE>

No other  benefit  shall be payable to any other person or entity
in the event that a benefit is paid under this Article 3.9.2.

Article 4 - Administration and Termination

4.1  Union  Oil  Company  of  California   shall   administer  the  Plan.   Such
responsibilities  shall be carried out through its  corporate  officers and
employees  acting in their  capacities as officers and employees and not as
fiduciaries.

4.2  The Board of Directors may terminate or amend any or all of the  provisions
of or  add  provisions  to  this  Plan  at any  time,  provided  that  such
termination  and  amendment(s)  comply with  applicable  law.  However,  no
termination or amendment of this Plan shall reduce or adversely  affect the
benefit  then being paid under this Plan.  After a Change of  Control,  the
Plan may not be amended to eliminate or modify the right of an Employee (or
beneficiary)  to receive a single sum cash  payment of his or her  benefits
pursuant to Article 3.

4.3  Except for a domestic  relations  order, no Employee,  beneficiary or joint
annuitant  may  assign,  transfer,   hypothecate,   encumber,   commute  or
anticipate his or her interest in any benefits  under this Plan.  Interests
and payments  under this Plan are to be free from  voluntary or involuntary
assignment,  and judicial levy and execution to the full extent permissible
under applicable Law.

4.4  Payments  under  this  Plan  shall be made  from the  general  funds of the
Company or an Employer or from a grantor  (rabbi) trust  established by the
Company or Union Oil Company of California,  unless otherwise  provided for
by the Board of Directors.

4.5  The Unocal  Retirement Plan Committee shall have sole discretion  regarding
interpretation  of this  Plan and  making  factual  determinations.  Unless
defined below or otherwise indicated, capitalized or quoted materials refer
to the meanings  and  definitions  under the Unocal  Retirement  Plan.  Any
questions  that arise as to the rights to and amount of any benefits  under
this Plan or as to the  interpretation  of any of its  provisions  shall be
determined by said Committee.

4.6  Nothing  in this  Plan  shall  give any  person a right  to  remain  in the
employment of the Employer or affect the right of the Employer to modify or
terminate the employment of an Employee at any time, with or without cause.

4.7  Any  controversy  or claim arising out of or relating to this Plan shall be
settled by binding  arbitration in Los Angeles,  California,  in accordance
with  the  Commercial   Arbitration  Rules  of  the  American   Arbitration
Association.  The  parties  shall  seek to agree  upon  appointment  of the
arbitrator  and the  arbitration  procedures.  If the parties are unable to
reach  such  agreement,  a single  arbitrator  who is a retired  judge of a
Federal or  California  state court shall be appointed  pursuant to the AAA
Commercial  Arbitration  Rules,  and the  arbitrator  shall  determine  the
arbitration  procedures.  Any award pursuant to such  arbitration  shall be
included  in a written  decision  which  shall  state the legal and factual
reasons upon which the award was based, including all the elements involved
in the  calculation of any award.  Any such award shall be deemed final and
binding  and may be entered and  enforced in any state or federal  court of
competent  jurisdiction.   The  arbitrator  shall  interpret  the  Plan  in
accordance with the Laws of California.  The arbitrator shall be authorized
to award reasonable attorneys' fees and other  arbitration-related costs to
a Participant or his or her beneficiary if an award is made in favor of the
Participant or beneficiary.  The award shall be limited to Plan benefits at
issue, reasonable attorneys' fees and arbitration-related costs.

4.8  The Plan shall not be  terminated  by a  transfer  or sale of assets of the
Company or by the merger or  consolidation  of the Company into or with any
other corporation or other entity. The Plan shall be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of any successor of the Company provided,  however, that the
Company or its  successor  may  terminate the Plan, in whole or in part, at
such time as it may

<PAGE>

determine  in its sole  discretion.  Upon such  termination,  all  affected
Employees shall become fully vested in the benefits payable hereunder.

Article 5 - Definitions

5.1  "Board of Directors" - The Board of Directors of Unocal Corporation.

5.2  "Change of Control" - For time of payment purposes,  a Change of Control as
defined by Internal  Revenue  Service Notice 2005-1 and prior or subsequent
related  guidance by the Internal  Revenue Service or the Department of the
Treasury.  For  vesting  purposes,  a Change of  Control  as defined by the
Unocal Retirement Plan.

5.3  "Company" - Unocal Corporation.

5.4  "Employee" - A person who is in the  employment  of an Employer on or after
January 1, 2005.

5.5  "Employer" - Unocal  Corporation,  Union Oil Company of California  and any
other  and any other  subsidiary  or  affiliate  of the  Company  that is a
Participating Company in the Unocal Retirement Plan.

5.6  "Key Employee" - An Employee who is a "Key Employee" as defined by the JOBS
Act,  including  Internal  Revenue  Service  Notice  2005-1  and  prior  or
subsequent  related  guidance  by  the  Internal  Revenue  Service  or  the
Department of the Treasury.

5.7  "Law" - The Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance  with the
laws of the State of California  to the extent that United  States  federal
law is inapplicable..

5.8  "Plan" - Unocal Nonqualified Retirement Plan A1.


