








Exhibit 10.6

UNOCAL NONQUALIFIED RETIREMENT PLAN C1
(February 8, 2005)

The Unocal Nonqualified Retirement Plan C1 (the "Plan") replaces Unocal
Nonqualified Retirement Plan "C" for benefits in Unocal Nonqualified Retirement
Plan C that were transferred to the Plan effective January 1, 2005 with regard
to persons who were Employees on or after January 1, 2005.

The Plan is maintained by the Company primarily for the purpose of providing
deferred compensation for a select group of management or highly compensated
employees.

The Plan is intended to comply with the provisions of the American Jobs Creation
Act of 2004, Public Law Number 108-357 which added Section 409A to the Internal
Revenue Code. To the extent that guidance from the United States Treasury and
the United States Internal Revenue Service has not been issued, the Plan will be
operated in accordance with a reasonable, good-faith interpretation of Section
409A and its purpose, including the legislative history.

Article 1- Eligibility

The Employee shall be eligible if each of the following provisions is satisfied:

1.1  The Employee is a Member of the Unocal Retirement Plan;

1.2  The Employee's salary grade classification with an Employer is M04, T06, or
above;

1.3  At the time of the Employee's separation from service with an Employer, the
Employee  had at least  five  years of  Benefit  Service  under the  Unocal
Retirement Plan or the Employee is entitled to a vested right to his or her
Accrued Benefit under the Unocal Retirement Plan as a result of a Change of
Control; and

1.4  At the time of the Employee's separation from service with an Employer, the
Employee had received a Qualifying Incentive Plan Award ("Incentive Award")
within the ten-year period used in determining Final Average Monthly Pay.

Article 2 - Benefit

2.1. The amount of the Employee's  monthly benefit shall be equal to the excess,
if any, of:

1.   The amount of the monthly  benefit that would have been payable  under
the Unocal Retirement Plan, without regard to the limitations  imposed
by the Internal  Revenue  Service under Sections 415 and 401(a)(17) of
the Code (including without limitation any enhanced benefit that would
have been payable as a result of a Termination of Employment following
a Change  of  Control)  if,  for all  purposes  thereunder,  (1) Final
Average Monthly Pay had included one-thirty-sixth (1/36) of the sum of
the highest  three  calendar  year  Qualifying  Incentive  Plan Awards
included  in  Earnings  during  the  120-month  period  ending  on the
Member's  date of  separation  from  service  (for  this  purpose  any
Qualifying Incentive Plan Award (whether or not consecutive)  received
after   separation   from  service   shall  also  be  included)   (the
"Alternative  Incentive  Pay  Component"),  in lieu of the  Qualifying
Incentive Plan Award component  included in the actual  computation of
Final  Average  Monthly Pay, and (2) Earnings had included the amounts
the Employee  elected to defer under the Unocal Deferred  Compensation
Plan  (but not  interest,  dividends,  or  gains in the  value of such
deferrals while in the Deferred Compensation Plan or payments from the
Deferred  Compensation  Plan) which were not  included in Earnings and
which,  but for such  deferral,  would have been included in Earnings,
over

<PAGE>

2.   The sum of monthly benefits actually payable under Unocal Nonqualified
Retirement Plan A1, Unocal  Nonqualified  Retirement Plan "B1, and the
Unocal Retirement Plan.

For purposes of calculating  the monthly benefit under Article 2.1.1.,
the Employee's  Final Average  Monthly Pay shall be computed using the
Alternative Incentive Pay Component  notwithstanding that for purposes
of the  Unocal  Retirement  Plan,  Final  Average  Monthly  Pay may be
determined  with reference to a 12 month period pursuant to the Change
of Control  provisions of the Unocal Retirement Plan, if in effect and
applicable to the Employee.

2.2  Notwithstanding any provision in this Plan, in the event that: (1) it shall
be  determined  that any benefit or payment  under the Plan is a "parachute
payment"  (within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code) which is subject
to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code ("Excise  Tax"),  (2)
the Employee is not entitled (pursuant to an employment or other agreement)
to receive a "gross up" payment to provide  the  Employee  with  additional
compensation  to  offset  the  impact  of  the  Excise  Tax  (a  "Gross  Up
Arrangement"),  and (3) the Employee  would receive a greater net after-tax
benefit if such Employee's aggregate benefits and payments from the Company
and its affiliates,  whether under the Plan or otherwise, were reduced to a
level which does not exceed the  greatest  amount that could be paid to the
Employee without giving rise to Excise Tax (the "Reduced Amount"), then the
Employee's  benefits  or  payments  under  the  Plan  shall be  reduced  as
determined  by the Company so the benefits or payments  under the Plan when
aggregated  with  all  benefits  and  payments  from  the  Company  and its
affiliates do not exceed the Reduced  Amount.  The Employee's net after-tax
benefit  shall be  determined  after  application  of the Excise  Tax,  all
federal,  state and local income  taxes and payroll or other taxes,  and by
including  all benefits and  payments  from the Company and its  affiliates
which are treated as  "parachute  payments"  and  included  in  determining
liability for the Excise Tax. The determination of the applicability of the
Excise  Tax and the  Reduced  Amount  shall be made by the  Company in good
faith, provided that with respect to an Employee who is subject to Gross Up
Arrangement  or other  contract or agreement  that provides  procedures for
determining the existence of an Excise Tax, the procedures in such Gross Up
Arrangement, contract or agreement shall apply. If the benefits or payments
under the Plan are to be reduced  to the  Reduced  Amount and the  Employee
receives  other  benefits or payments  treated as "parachute  payments" and
included  in  determining  liability  for the Excise  Tax,  the Company may
allocate such portion of the reduction  amount to the benefits and payments
under the Plan as it deems appropriate.

Article 3 - Form and Time of Payment

3.1  Benefits  under this Plan shall commence at the same time as benefits under
the Unocal  Retirement  Plan,  except that benefits paid under this Plan in
installment  payments shall commence on the date that installment  payments
are   elected  to   commence   subject  to  Article  3.4  and  except  that
distributions  to a Key Employee  shall not  commence  until the earlier of
least six months after the  Employee's  retirement  or six months after the
Employee's death. Interest in an amount allowed by law as determined by the
Union Oil Company of California  Treasury  Department  shall accrue to such
distribution during the six-month waiting period.  Benefits under this Plan
shall,  in  addition  to any  Iimits  imposed  herein,  be  subject  to the
provisions of the Unocal Retirement Plan,  except as specifically  provided
otherwise by this Plan.

3.2. An eligible  Employee may elect to receive  payments  under this Plan under
any of the forms of payments  available under the Unocal  Retirement  Plan,
except the Five Years  Certain Life Annuity Form and the Ten Years  Certain
Life Annuity Form,  with respect to his or her benefit under this Plan. For
purposes of this Plan, the Lump Sum Cash  Settlement Form is referred to as
a single sum cash payment.  Such election  shall also apply with respect to
amounts  payable  subsequent to retirement when an Incentive Award received
subsequent to retirement results in an increased benefit hereunder.

3.3  The  forms of  payment  under  this Plan  shall be  subject  to the  terms,
conditions  and actuarial  adjustments  applicable to such forms of payment
under the Unocal Retirement Plan.

<PAGE>

3.4  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  an  Employee  may elect,  subject to such
dates,  terms, and conditions as the Company deems appropriate,  to receive
the single sum cash payment amount, as determined  above,  payable in up to
ten annual cash  installments.  No interest  shall accrue or be credited to
such payments or amounts.

3.5  An  eligible  Employee  may elect a method of  distribution  within 30 days
after such employee  first becomes  eligible to participate in the Plan. An
eligible  Employee  may change an elected  distribution  method by making a
subsequent  timely  election,  at any time  that is not later  than  twelve
months prior to the Employee's retirement date.

3.6  If an  Employee  does not make a timely  election of the form of payment of
benefits,  then benefits  under this Plan will be paid as a single sum cash
payment  unless the Employee  makes a timely and proper  election to change
the distribution method.

An election to change a distribution method (or the single sum cash payment
if no  distribution  election has been made) (1) May not take effect for at
least  twelve  months,  (2) Must provide for an  additional  deferral of at
least  five  years in the case of a  payment  that is not  attributable  to
death,  disability,  or  unforeseeable  emergency,  and (3) Must be made at
least twelve months before the date of the first  scheduled  payment if the
election  relates to  distributions  at a  specified  time or pursuant to a
fixed schedule.

3.7  The time or  schedule  of a payment  under the plan  cannot be  accelerated
except:  (1) as necessary  to fulfill a domestic  relations  order,  (2) to
comply with a certificate  of divestiture  (as defined in Internal  Revenue
Code Section 1043(b)(2)), or (3) for a cash-out of an amount of not greater
than $10,000 to a former Employee.

Regarding  such  cashouts,  the payment must be a payment of the Employee's
entire  interest in the Plan and the payment  must be made on or before the
later  of  (A)  December  31 of the  calendar  year  in  which  occurs  the
Employee's  separation  of service,  or (B) the date 2 1/2 months after the
Employee's separation from service.

3.8  If any  provision of this Plan causes Plan  benefits to be  includable  for
federal  income  tax  purposes  in the  gross  income  of an  Employee  (or
beneficiary)  prior to actual payment of such Plan benefits to the Employee
(or beneficiary),  the Company shall pay such Plan benefits to the Employee
(or beneficiary) upon a final determination to such effect, notwithstanding
any other provision of this Plan to the contrary.

3.9  The  Spouse  (or other  beneficiary)  of an  Employee  may be  entitled  to
benefits in the event of the death of the Employee.

1.   If the Employee dies prior to commencement  of payment of benefits,  a
benefit shall be payable only to the Employee's Spouse and only if the
Spouse has been  married to the  Employee for a period of at least one
year on the date of the  Employee's  death.  The amount of the benefit
payable to the Employee's  eligible Spouse shall equal the amount that
would be paid from the  Unocal  Retirement  Plan  under  the  Spouse's
Annuity Benefit,  the Special Spouse's Benefit,  the Spouse's Benefit,
or  the  Spouse's   Employee-Equivalent  Benefit,  provided  that  the
eligibility  requirements  under the Unocal  Retirement Plan have been
met for  the  elected  benefit,  with  the  calculation  based  on the
Member's  benefit  under  Article  2.1 and  Article  2.2 of this Plan.
Benefits  under this Plan will  commence  at the same time as benefits
under the Unocal  Retirement  Plan.  If a Spouse elects to receive the
Spouse's Employee-Equivalent Benefit, the Spouse may elect, subject to
such dates, terms, and conditions as the Company deems appropriate, to
receive such benefit payable in up to ten annual cash installments. No
interest  shall  accrue  or be  credited  to such  payments.  No other
benefit  shall be payable  to any other  person or entity in the event
that a benefit is paid under this Article 3.9.1.

<PAGE>

2.   If the Employee dies after  commencement  of payment of benefits,  the
amount, timing, and form of the benefit payments under this Plan shall
be in accordance with the Employee's election of form of payment under
this Plan.

a.   If the  Employee  elected  installment  payments or the Ten Equal
Annual Installments, the Spouse (or beneficiary) will receive one
payment in an amount equal to the remaining payments.

b.   If the  Employee  elected  a Joint  and  Survivor  Life  Annuity,
payments   will  continue  for  the  life  of  the  Spouse  (with
appropriate reduction based on the Employee's election).

c.   If the Employee elected the Single Life Annuity,  no benefit will
be paid from this Plan to the Spouse (or beneficiary).

No other benefit shall be payable to any other  Beneficiary  or entity
in the event that a benefit is paid under this Article 3.9.2..

Article 4 - Administration and Termination

4.1  Union  Oil  Company  of  California   shall   administer  the  Plan.   Such
responsibilities  shall be carried out through its  corporate  officers and
employees  acting in their  capacities as officers and employees and not as
fiduciaries.

4.2  The Board of Directors may terminate or amend any or all of the  provisions
of or add  provisions  to this  Plan at any time,  provided  that it is the
Board of Director's intent that such termination and amendments comply with
applicable  law.  However,  no  termination or amendment of this Plan shall
reduce or  adversely  affect a benefit  then being  paid under this  Plan,.
After a Change of  Control,  the Plan may not be  amended to  eliminate  or
modify the right of an Employee  (or  beneficiary)  to receive a single sum
cash payment of his or her benefits pursuant to Article 3.

4.3  Except for a domestic  relations  order, no Employee,  beneficiary or joint
annuitant  may  assign,  transfer,   hypothecate,   encumber,   commute  or
anticipate his or her interest in any benefits  under this Plan.  Interests
and payments  under this Plan are to be free from  voluntary or involuntary
assignment,  and judicial levy and execution to the full extent permissible
under applicable law.

4.4  Payments  under  this  Plan  shall be made  from the  general  funds of the
Company or an Employer or from a grantor  (rabbi) trust  established by the
Company or Union Oil Company of California,  unless otherwise  provided for
by the Board of Directors.

4.5  The Unocal  Retirement Plan Committee shall have sole discretion  regarding
interpretation  of this  Plan and  making  factual  determinations.  Unless
defined below or otherwise indicated, capitalized or quoted materials refer
to the meanings  and  definitions  under the Unocal  Retirement  Plan.  Any
questions  that arise as to the rights to and amount of any benefits  under
this Plan or as to the  interpretation  of any of its  provisions  shall be
determined by said Committee.

4.6  Nothing  in this  Plan  shall  give any  person a right  to  remain  in the
employment of the Employer or affect the right of the Employer to modify or
terminate the employment of an Employee at any time, with or without cause.

4.7  Any  controversy  or claim arising out of or relating to this Plan shall be
settled by binding  arbitration in Los Angeles,  California,  in accordance
with  the  Commercial   Arbitration  Rules  of  the  American   Arbitration
Association.  The  parties  shall  seek to agree  upon  appointment  of the
arbitrator  and the  arbitration  procedures.  If the parties are unable to
reach  such  agreement,  a single  arbitrator  who is a retired  judge of a
Federal or  California  state court shall be appointed  pursuant to the AAA
Commercial  Arbitration  Rules,  and the  arbitrator  shall  determine  the
arbitration  procedures.

<PAGE>

Any award  pursuant  to such  arbitration  shall be  included  in a written
decision  which shall state the legal and  factual  reasons  upon which the
award was based,  including all the elements involved in the calculation of
any award.  Any such award  shall be deemed  final and  binding  and may be
entered  and   enforced  in  any  state  or  federal   court  of  competent
jurisdiction.  The arbitrator  shall  interpret the Plan in accordance with
the  laws of  California.  The  arbitrator  shall  be  authorized  to award
reasonable  attorney's  fees  and  other  arbitration-related  costs  to  a
Participant  or his or her  beneficiary if an award is made in favor of the
Participant or beneficiary.  The award shall be limited to Plan benefits at
issue, reasonable attorneys' fees and arbitration-related costs.

4.8  The Plan shall not be  terminated  by a  transfer  or sale of assets of the
Company or by the merger or  consolidation  of the Company into or with any
other corporation or other entity. The Plan shall be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of any successor of the Company provided,  however, that the
Company or its  successor  may  terminate the Plan, in whole or in part, at
such  time  as  it  may  determine  in  its  sole  discretion.   Upon  such
termination,  all  affected  Employees  shall  become  fully  vested in the
benefits payable hereunder

Article 5 - Definitions

5.1  "Board of Directors" - The Board of Directors of Unocal Corporation.

5.2  "Change of Control" - For time of payment purposes,  a Change of Control as
defined by Internal  Revenue  Service Notice 2005-1 and prior or subsequent
related  guidance by the Internal  Revenue Service or the Department of the
Treasury.  For  vesting  purposes,  a Change of  Control  as defined by the
Unocal Retirement Plan.

5.3  "Company" - Unocal Corporation.

5.4  "Deferred  Compensation  Plan" - The  Unocal  Deferred  Compensation  Plan,
including any successor plan.

5.5  "Employee" - A person who is in the  employment  of an Employer on or after
January 1, 2005.

5.6  "Employer" - Unocal  Corporation,  Union Oil Company of California  and any
other  subsidiary  or  affiliate  of the  Company  that is a  Participating
Company in the Unocal Retirement Plan.

5.7  "Key Employee" - An Employee who is a "Key Employee" as defined by the JOBS
Act,  including  Internal  Revenue  Service  Notice  2005-1  and  prior  or
subsequent  related  guidance  by  the  Internal  Revenue  Service  or  the
Department of the Treasury.

5.8  "Law" - The Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance  with the
laws of the State of California  to the extent that United  States  federal
law is inapplicable..

5.9  "Plan" - Unocal Nonqualified Retirement Plan "C1."

5.10 "Qualifying   Incentive   Plan"  -  Means  the  Unocal  Revised   Incentive
Compensation  Plan,  the Unocal  Global Trade Trader and Support  Incentive
Plan and the New Ventures Incentive Compensation Program.

5.11 "Qualifying  Incentive  Plan  Award"  -  Means  an  annual  award  under  a
Qualifying  Incentive  Plan other than  awards  which are team,  project or
special awards. Such annual awards shall be included on the date the annual
award was  payable,  regardless  of  whether  or not the  annual  award was
deferred.  A Qualifying  Incentive Plan Award shall not include any portion
of any  enhancement  resulting  from an  election  to defer  such an annual
award.


