









GK PARTNERS




















NU HORIZONS ELECTRONICS CORP.

EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN

















<PAGE>
GK PARTNERS

NU HORIZONS ELECTRONICS CORP.

EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN


CONTENTS                                       PAGE

Section 1.        Purpose of the Plan                             1


Section 2.        Definitions                                     1


Section 3.        Administration                                  2


Section 4.        Participation                                   3


Section 5.        Benefits and Payments Under the Plan            3


Section 6.        Amendment and Termination of the Plan           5


Section 7.        General Provisions                              5


Appendix A for Founders                         7


Appendix B for Other Participants               7


<PAGE>

GK PARTNERS

NU HORIZONS ELECTRONICS CORP.

EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN



SECTION 1.       Purposes of the Plan.

1.1  Nu Horizons  Electronics  Corp.  (the "Company") has adopted this Executive
Retirement Plan (the "Plan), effective December 1, 2004 in order to provide
an  unfunded  retirement  benefit to  certain  current  and  future  senior
executive  employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates who
have attained the required age and length of service with the Company,  and
who have retired from employment with the Company in good standing.

SECTION 2.       Definitions.

For purposes of the Plan,  the following  terms shall have the meanings set
forth below:

2.1  "Beneficiary"   shall  mean  the  person  or  persons   designated  by  the
Participant  under the Plan to receive benefits under the Plan in the event
of the Participant's death.

2.2  "Benefit"  or  "Benefits"  shall mean the annual and  cumulative  financial
payment(s)  which a Participant is eligible to receive upon  Retirement (as
herein  defined)  under the Plan  pursuant to the  provisions  of Section 5
hereof.

2.3  "Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

2.4  "Cause"  shall mean (a)  commission  by the  Employee of a material  act of
dishonesty  against  the  Company;  (b) a  breach  by the  Employee  of the
provisions  of Paragraph  4.3 hereof;  (c)  conviction of the Employee of a
felony involving moral turpitude (or a plea of nolo contendere thereto); or
(d) the  Employee  making  negative  or  defamatory  statements  about  the
Company.

2.5  "Change in  Control"  shall  mean a change in  control of the  Company as a
result of any of the following:

(a)  a change-in-control as such term is defined in Regulation  240.12b-(2)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Act");

(b)  if any "person"  (as such term is used in Sections  13(d) and 14(d) of
the Act)  other than the  Company  or any person who is a director  or
officer of the Company,  becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in
Rule 13(d)-3 of the Act) directly or indirectly,  of securities of the
Company  representing twenty percent (20%) of more of the voting power
of the Company's then outstanding securities;

(c)  if, during any period of two (2) consecutive  years during the term of
this Plan,  individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute
the Board of Directors,  cease for any reason to constitute at least a
majority thereof.


<PAGE>
GK PARTNERS

NU HORIZONS ELECTRONICS CORP.

EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN

2.6  "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

2.7  "Committee" shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
of the Company, acting on the majority vote of such Committee.

2.8  "Company" shall mean Nu Horizons Electronics Corp., a corporation organized
under the laws of the State of Delaware (or any successor corporation), and
any Subsidiaries or Affiliates thereof.

2.9  "Effective Date" shall mean March 28, 2005.

2.10 "Employee" shall mean any senior executive employee employed by the Company
on or after the Effective Date of the Plan.

2.11 "Founder" shall mean any senior executive employee generally  recognized as
a founding employee of the Company.

2.12 "Participant" shall mean any Employee (including a Founder) who is a senior
executive  employee of the Company and who has been designated by the Board
for  participation  in this Plan  pursuant to  Paragraph  4.1  hereof.  Any
Founder  who is  employed  on the  Effective  Date of the  Plan  shall be a
Participant.

2.13 "Plan" shall mean the Nu Horizons  Electronics Corp.  Executive  Retirement
Plan as set forth herein and as amended from time to time.

2.14 "Retirement"  shall  mean  (solely  for  purposes  of  this  Plan)  (i) for
Founders, the termination of employment in good standing of any Participant
other than for Cause  upon such  Participant's  attainment  of a minimum of
fifty-six  (56)  years  of age  with a  minimum  of  twenty  (20)  years of
continuous  Company  service  or  (ii)  for  any  other  Participant,   the
authorized  termination  of employment in good standing of any  Participant
other than for Cause  upon such  Participant's  attainment  of a minimum of
sixty (60) years of age with a minimum of twenty  (20) years of  continuous
Company service.

SECTION 3.       Administration.

3.1  The Plan shall be  administered  by the  Committee.  Any  Retirement by any
Participant  (as such terms are herein  defined)  shall be  authorized by a
majority  of the  Committee.  The  Committee  shall  have  full  power  and
authority to interpret, construe and administer the Plan in accordance with
the provisions of this Plan document.  Subject to review by the full Board,
the Committee's  interpretations  and constructions of the Plan and Company
actions  thereunder  shall be conclusive and binding on all persons and for
all purposes.

3.2  The Committee shall establish and maintain Plan records and may arrange for
the  engagement  of  consultants  or  legal  counsel,  and make use of such
outside  resources,  as it shall require or deem advisable for the purposes
of the Plan.  The Committee  may rely upon the written


2

<PAGE>

GK PARTNERS

NU HORIZONS ELECTRONICS CORP.

EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN

opinion of any such  consultants or counsel  engaged by the Committee,  and
may also  delegate  certain  tasks and  responsibilities  necessary  to the
administration  of the Plan to such  consultants or counsel,  or to certain
financial or human resources personnel of the Company.

3.3  To the  maximum  extent  permitted  by  applicable  law,  no  member of the
Committee  or the  Board  shall  be  personally  liable  by  reason  of any
resolution adopted by him, or contract or other instrument executed by him,
in his  capacity  as a member of the  Committee  or the Board,  nor for any
decisions  made in good faith,  and the Company  shall  indemnify  and hold
harmless  each member of the  Committee  and the Board,  and each  officer,
employee or  director of the Company to whom any duty or power  relating to
the  administration  or interpretation of the Plan is delegated against any
cost or expense (including  reasonable legal fees) or liability arising out
of any action or failure to act in connection  with the  administration  of
the Plan.

SECTION 4.       Participation.

4.1  The  Board of  Directors  shall,  from  time to time,  designate  those key
employees of the Company who shall be Participants under the Plan.

4.2  The  participation of any designated  Participant shall not be rescinded by
the Board or the Committee  other than for Cause (as herein  defined),  the
occurrence of which will result in the termination of all Benefits provided
hereunder to such Participant  unless otherwise  determined by the Board in
its sole discretion.

4.3  While  receiving  any  Benefits  under  this  Plan  during  Retirement,   a
Participant  shall not,  without the prior  written  approval of the Board,
directly or indirectly,  or through any other individual or entity,  become
an officer or employee  of, or render any  services  (including  consulting
services) to any competitor of the Company.  Further,  a Participant  shall
not  solicit,  entice  or  induce  any  customer  of the  Company  to cease
purchasing  goods or  services  from the Company or to become a customer of
any competitor of the Company, and shall not solicit,  entice or induce any
employee  of the Company to leave the employ of the Company or to become an
employee of any competitor of the Company.

SECTION 5.       Benefits and Payments Under the Plan.

5.1  Commencing  with  the  date of the  Participant's  Retirement  (as  defined
herein),  the  Company  will  annually  pay  to  the  Participant  (or  his
designated legal  representative)  the Benefits afforded by this Plan. Such
Benefits will be based on the number of years of Company  service  provided
by the Participant having achieved the minimum Retirement age in accordance
with the Benefit  schedule on Appendix A hereof in the case of Founders and
the Benefit schedule on Appendix B in the case of other  Participants.  The
Benefits  shall be paid for a period of five calendar  years after any such
Retirement (including the year of Retirement).


3

<PAGE>

GK PARTNERS

NU HORIZONS ELECTRONICS CORP.

EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN

5.2  Should a Participant  die after  Retirement  but before  receiving the full
amount of the Benefits provided herein,  the Company shall continue to make
payment of such  Benefits  (as  provided  in  Paragraph  5.1 hereof) to the
Participant's  Beneficiary  for a  period  up to and  including  the  fifth
calendar year following Retirement  (including the year of Retirement).  In
the absence of any  effective  designation  of  Beneficiary,  the  Benefits
provided  herein  shall  be  payable  to the  Participant's  duly-qualified
Executor or Administrator for the benefit of the Participant's estate.

5.3  Payment of Benefits  under this Plan shall be made annually in no more than
four equal  quarterly  installments or (at the discretion of the Committee)
payment may be made in one annual  installment of the entire amount payable
to the  Participant.  These  payment(s) shall be made at such time(s) as is
convenient for the Company (but in no event shall any installment  payments
commence  after  March 31 of each year in which such  annual  Benefits  are
payable).

5.4  All  Benefits  payments  provided  for under the Plan shall be paid in cash
from the  general  funds  of the  Company,  provided,  however,  that  such
payments  shall  be  reduced  by the  amount  of any  payments  made to the
Participant  or his  Beneficiary  or estate  from any trust,  or special or
separate fund,  established by the Company to assure such payments.  If the
Company,  in its sole discretion,  elects to establish any such trusts,  or
special or separate  funds,  or elects to make any investments to aid it in
meeting its  obligations  hereunder,  the Participant or his Beneficiary or
estate shall have no right, title or interest  whatsoever in or to any such
trusts, funds or investments.  Nothing contained in the Plan, and no action
taken pursuant to any provisions of the Plan,  shall create or be construed
to create a trust of any kind  between the Company and the  Participant  or
his Beneficiary or estate. To the extent that any Participant  acquires the
right to receive  payments  hereunder,  such right shall be no greater than
the right of an unsecured creditor of the Company.

SECTION 6.       Amendment and Termination of the Plan.

6.1  The Plan may be amended or suspended,  in whole or in part, by the Board at
any time,  but no such  action  shall  retroactively  impair  or  otherwise
adversely  affect the rights of any  Participant to receive the Benefits to
which such  Participant  is otherwise  entitled under the Plan prior to the
date of such action.

6.2  The Board may  terminate the Plan at any time.  However,  the Benefits then
being paid or then owed to any  Participant  under  Section 5 hereof  shall
commence  or continue  to be paid until paid in full.  Notwithstanding  the
foregoing,  no  termination  of the Plan upon the occurrence of a Change in
Control of the Company  shall have effect of  reducing or  eliminating  the
Benefits then being paid or then owed to any Participant.

6.3  Nothing  in  the  Plan  shall   preclude   the  Company  from  selling  to,
consolidating or merging into or with, or transferring all or substantially
all of its assets  to,  another  corporation,  and that  corporation  shall
assume this Plan and all obligations of the Company hereunder.


4
<PAGE>

GK PARTNERS

NU HORIZONS ELECTRONICS CORP.

EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN

SECTION 7.       General Provisions.

7.1  Nothing in this Plan shall be  construed to affect in any manner the rights
and  privileges  of  any  Employee  or  Participant  to  be  covered  by or
participate  in any  employee  benefit plan which the Company may now or in
the future provide.

7.2  Nothing  contained herein shall confer upon any Employee or Participant the
right to be retained in the employ of the Company,  nor interfere  with the
right of the  Company  to  terminate  the  employment  of any  Employee  or
Participant  without regard to the existence of this Plan.  Notwithstanding
any  other  provisions  of  this  Plan,  in the  event  of a  Participant's
termination for Cause,  such Participant or his Beneficiary or estate shall
forfeit all rights to payments under the Plan.

7.3  The Plan is intended to  constitute  an "unfunded  plan for  management  or
other highly compensated individuals" as defined in the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) and shall therefore not be construed as
a  qualified  employee  retirement  benefit  program.  Notwithstanding  the
foregoing,  the  Plan  may be  subject  to  certain  provisions  of  ERISA,
including   certain   requirements   relating  to  reporting,   disclosure,
enforcement and claims.

7.4  The Company  may  withhold  from any  Benefits  payable  under the Plan all
Federal,  state,  city or other taxes as shall be required  pursuant to any
law or governmental regulation or ruling.


7.5  All  expenses  incurred  in  administering  the  Plan  shall be paid by the
Company and none shall be paid by the Participant.

7.6  No right to any amount  payable at any time under the Plan may be assigned,
transferred,  pledged or otherwise  encumbered,  either  voluntarily  or by
operation of law, except as expressly  provided herein.  This Plan shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors and
assigns, and the Participant, his/her Beneficiary and estate.

7.7  This Plan shall be construed,  regulated and administered  according to the
Code and the laws of the State of New York.



5

<PAGE>


GK PARTNERS

NU HORIZONS ELECTRONICS CORP.

EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN



APPENDIX A FOR FOUNDERS


Schedule of Retirement Benefits Under the Plan
Assuming Attainment of the Minimum Retirement Age of 56


Recommended
Years of Company Service                   Annual Retirement Benefit

20 Years                                     $310,000

21 Years                                     $325,000

22 Years                                     $340,750

23 Years                                     $357,288

24 Years                                     $374,652

25 Years (Maximum Benefit)                   $392,884




6
<PAGE>

GK PARTNERS

NU HORIZONS ELECTRONICS CORP.

EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN


APPENDIX B FOR OTHER PARTICIPANTS


The Retirement  Benefits for Other Participants will be determined based on
the number of years of Company Service by such Participant, with a minimum of 20
years of service  and  attainment  of a minimum of sixty (60) years of age,  and
shall be determined by the Board of Directors on a case-by-case basis.




