





























OSHKOSH TRUCK
CORPORATION



EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT
PLAN




Amended and Restated
Effective October 1,
2004











OSHKOSH TRUCK
CORPORATION



EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT
PLAN



PREAMBLE



The principal objective of this
Oshkosh Truck Corporation Executive Retirement Plan is to ensure the payment of a
competitive level of retirement income in order to attract, retain and motivate selected
executives.




This Plan is designed to provide a
benefit which, when added to other retirement income of the executive, will meet the
objective described above. Eligibility for participation in this Plan shall be limited to
executives selected by the Chief Executive Officer and approved by the Human Resources
Committee or its successor in function of the Board of Directors. The Company adopted this
Plan with an initial effective date of January 31, 2000. The Plan is hereby amended and
restated effective October 1, 2004; however, the changes reflected in this amendment and
restatement are effective only with respect to those Active Participants who, as of
October 1, 2004, are actively performing services for the Company on a substantially
full-time basis.
























2











OSHKOSH TRUCK
CORPORATION



EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT
PLAN



ARTICLE I



DEFINITIONS



Whenever used herein with the initial
letter capitalized, words and phrases shall have the meanings stated below unless a
different meaning is plainly required by the context. All masculine terms shall include
the feminine and all singular terms shall include the plural in all cases in which they
could thus be applied unless the context clearly indicates the gender or the number.



1.1  	“Accrued
Normal Retirement Benefit” means the amount of a Participant’s Retirement
Benefit, determined as of his date of termination of employment, commencing as of the
first day of the month following the month in which the Participant attains his Normal
Retirement Date, and payable in the form of a single life annuity (or the Actuarial
Equivalent of such amount when commencing at any other day or payable in another form).
The amount of the Accrued Normal Retirement Benefit is defined in section 3.1.






1.2  	"Active
Participant" means a Participant who is a current Employee of the Company or an Affiliate.






1.3  	“Actuarial
Equivalent” means a benefit payable at a particular time and in a particular form
which has the same value as another benefit payable in another form or at another time.
Such Actuarial Equivalent shall be determined on the basis of a 7-1/2 percent interest
rate and the 1971 Group Annuity Table, with male annuity factors weighted 70 percent and
female annuity factors weighted 30 percent. With respect to lump sum distributions
pursuant to section 6.4, the mortality and interest rate assumptions shall be as
prescribed in such section.






1.4  	“Affiliate” means:
(1) a corporation which is a member of the same controlled group of corporations (within
the meaning of Internal Revenue Code section 414(b) as the Employer; (2) an
unincorporated trade or business which is under common control with the Employer (as
determined under Code section 414(c); (3) an organization which, together with the
Employer, is a member of the same affiliated service group (as determined under Code
section 414(m); and (4) any other entity required to be aggregated under Code section
414(o).






1.5  	“Beneficiary” means—






(a) 	the
Spouse if the Preretirement Spouse’s Death Benefit, the Joint and 50
Percent Spouse’s Annuity, or the Joint and 100 Percent Spouse’s
Annuity is payable;






(b) 	the
person or persons (who may be named contingently or successively) ,           including a
trust or an estate, designated by a Participant, to whom a death           benefit is to
be paid in the event of his death.







Each
designation will revoke all prior designations by the same Participant. A designation
shall be made on a form prescribed by the Employer, and will be effective only when filed
in writing with the Employer. If no Beneficiary is designated or a designation is revoked
in whole or in part, or if a designated Beneficiary does not survive, the lump sum
Actuarial Equivalent of the death benefit (if any) shall be payable to the estate of the
last to survive the Participant or the Beneficiary.







3










1.6  	"Board"
means the Board of Directors of the Company.






1.7  	“Change
in Control” means a change in management or a change in ownership of the corporation
as defined in the Participant’s Key Executive Employment and Severance Agreement (“KEESA”)
in effect on the date that such a change in control occurs or, in the absence of such an
agreement, as defined in Exhibit B, attached to this Plan and incorporated here by
reference.






1.8  	"Code"
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations thereunder.






1.9  	"Committee"
means the Human Resources Committee of the Board or its successor in substantial
functions.






1.10  	“Company”means
Oshkosh Truck Corporation.






1.11  	“Company
Matching Contribution Benefit” means Oshkosh Truck Corporation’s matching
contribution to (1) a Participant’s Oshkosh Truck Corporation Tax Deferred
Investment Plan Account, or a Participant Account in a Tax Deferred Savings Plan
sponsored by an Affiliate, as defined in the governing documents for such Plans, as
amended from time to time, and (2)any related investment earnings. To the extent that a
Participant has withdrawn Company Matching Contributions, such contributions along with
imputed income thereon, shall be added to the Participant’s accumulated Company
Matching Contribution Benefit. For purposes of this section 1.10, a Participant’s
accumulated Company Matching Contribution Benefit will be converted into an annual
benefit amount payable as a single life annuity commencing as of the Participant’s
Retirement Date using the interest and mortality assumptions set forth in section 1.2.






1.12  	“Compensation” means
an Active Participant’s base pay, including base pay amounts deferred pursuant to a
compensation reduction agreement under Code section 125, Code section 401(k) or any
nonqualified deferred compensation arrangement, and annual bonus or annual incentive
payments. The annual compensation limit set forth in Code section 401(a)(17) shall not
apply.






1.13  	“Compensation
Year” means each 12-month period used to determine compensation for purposes of this
Plan which coincides with the calendar year which ends on or prior to the date as of
which the Participant’s Accrued Normal Retirement Benefit is determined.






1.14  	“Completed
Compensation Year” means any Compensation Year in which an Employee is employed
through the entire 12-month period.






1.15  	“Early
Retirement Date” means the first day of the month following the date on which a
Participant retires prior to his Normal Retirement Date; provided that the Participant
shall have attained age 55, shall have completed at least five Years of Officer Service,
and shall have provided the Company with written notice of his election to take early
retirement.






1.16  	“Employee” means
any person in the employ of the Company or an Affiliate, except for a person compensated
solely on a retainer or fee basis.






1.17  	"Employer"
means the Company and any Affiliates, which employ or employed any Participant.






1.18  	“Final
Average Compensation” means the sum of an Active Participant’s Compensation
during the five Completed Compensation Years in the last ten years prior to the
Participant’s separation from service or categorization as an Inactive Participant,
as applicable, during which the Compensation was the highest, divided by five. The years
used for this calculation need not be consecutive. If a Participant has less than five
Completed Compensation Years, Final Average Compensation will be based on all Completed
Compensation Years divided by the number of such years.







4










1.19  	“Funded
Plan” means the Oshkosh Truck Corporation Salaried and Clerical Employees Retirement
Plan or any qualified defined benefit plan sponsored by an Affiliate.






1.20  	“Funded
Plan Benefit” means the annual benefit payable under (1) the Oshkosh Truck
Corporation Salaried and Clerical Employees Retirement Plan, and (2) any qualified
defined benefit pension plan sponsored by an Affiliate, as provided by the governing
documents for such Plans, as amended from time to time. For purposes of this section, a
Participant’s annual benefit will be calculated as a single life annuity commencing
as of the Participant’s Retirement Date.






1.21  	“Inactive
Participant” means a Participant with a fully or partially vested Retirement Benefit
hereunder who (i) is no longer an Employee of the Company or an Affiliate, or (ii) has
been removed as an Active Participant by the Committee.






1.22  	“Late
Retirement Date” means the first day of the month following a Participant’s
termination date after his Normal Retirement Date.






1.23  	“Normal
Retirement Date” means the first day of the month following a Participant’s
62nd birthday (without regard to the Participant’s Years of Service at that time).






1.24  	“Officer” means
any individual who is elected by the Board of Directors to an officer of the company as a
Vice President, Executive Vice President, President, Chief Executive Officer, or
Chairman.






1.25  	“Participant” means
any person who has become eligible to participate in the Plan in accordance with Article
II, and who has not ceased to have rights to a Retirement Benefit hereunder.






1.26  	“Plan” means
the Oshkosh Truck Corporation Executive Retirement Plan, as set forth herein, and as it
may be amended from time to time.






1.27  	“Plan
Effective Date” means January 1, 2000.






1.28  	“Plan
Year” means the 12 consecutive month period for maintaining records for this Plan
and will be the consecutive 12-month period beginning each March 1 and ending on the last
day of February, except the first Plan Year shall run from the Plan Effective Date until
the last day February.






1.29  	“Restatement
Effective Date” means October 1, 2004; provided, however, that the changes reflected
in this Plan restatement shall be effective only with respect to those Active
Participants who, as of October 1, 2004, are actively performing services for the Company
on a substantially full-time basis.






1.30  	“Retirement
Benefit” means a pension or any other payment or payments payable under the terms of
this Plan to a Participant, the Participant’s Spouse, or Beneficiary.






1.31  	"Retirement
Date" means the date on which a Participant's Funded Plan Benefit commences.







5










1.32  	“Social
Security Benefit” means, for the purpose of determining the Accrued Normal
Retirement Benefit as of a Participant’s Normal Retirement Date or Early Retirement
Date, the estimated monthly old-age benefit to which the Participant would be entitled
beginning immediately upon his achieving his Normal Retirement Date under the provisions
of the Social Security Act in effect on the date of his termination and assuming that he
will continue to receive until he attains his Normal Retirement Date compensation that
would be treated as wages for purposes of the Social Security Act at the same rate as was
in effect for him immediately prior to his termination. For purposes of determining the
Accrued Normal Retirement Benefit as of a Participant’s Late Retirement Date, “Social
Security Benefit” means the estimated monthly old-age benefit to which the
Participant would be entitled based on his age as of the date of his termination.







In
estimating wages for purposes of determining the Social Security Benefit, it shall be
assumed that the Participant’s compensation prior to date of termination has
increased annually at the same rates as the Average Total Wages for Adjusting Earnings to
use in Computing Social Security Benefits as published by the Social Security
Administration. For the calendar year subsequent to the last year published by the Social
Security Administration, the same rate of increase as applicable to the last published
year shall be used.







The
Social Security Benefit shall be determined in accordance with rules adopted by the
Employer and applied in a nondiscriminatory manner. Each Participant will be provided
with clear written notice of his right to supply to the Employer his actual wage history
and of the financial consequences of failing to supply such history.






1.33  	“Spouse” means
an individual who is legally married to a Participant as of the earlier of the date of
the Participant’s death or the Participant’s Retirement Date.






1.34  	“Years
of Credited Service” means the Years of Service an Employee completed while employed
by the Company or an Affiliate to a maximum of 20 Years.






1.35  	“Years
of Service” means the aggregate of all periods of employment by an Employee of the
Employer, each such period to be calculated in completed years and months.






1.36  	“Years
of Officer Service” means the aggregate of all periods of employment as an Officer
of Oshkosh Truck Corporation including service before this Plan’s effective date as
set forth on Exhibit A, but excluding periods of employment with Oshkosh Truck
Corporation or any Affiliate in any other capacity.




















6












ARTICLE II



PARTICIPATION



2.1  	Participating
Employees. Each executive Employee selected by the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”)
and approved by the Committee to participate in the Plan shall become a Participant on
the date specified by the Committee, as set forth in Exhibit A or as subsequently
established by the Committee for new participants. Each Participant’s right to
Retirement Benefits under this Plan shall vest in accordance with Article V hereof.






2.2  	Cessation
of Participation. Unless determined otherwise by the Committee, while a Participant
remains an Employee he shall be an Active Participant and shall accrue Years of Service
and Compensation for purposes of his Retirement Benefit as provided under the Plan. At
the time a Participant becomes an Inactive Participant, he or she shall no longer accrue
Years of Service and Compensation toward his Retirement Benefit, but shall have a
deferred vested Retirement Benefit. If and when a Participant with no vested Retirement
Benefit ceases to be an Employee, he shall cease to be a Participant as of such date and
his accrued Retirement Benefit shall be forfeited.





























7












ARTICLE III



FORM AND AMOUNT OF
RETIREMENT BENEFITS



3.1  	Accrued
Normal Retirement Benefit. The Accrued Normal Retirement Benefit payable to a
Participant who retires on or after the Participant’s Normal Retirement Date shall
be a monthly Retirement Benefit commencing on the Participant’s Retirement Date and
payable during the Participant’s lifetime and ceasing with the last payment due on
the first day of the month in which the Participant dies. The monthly Accrued Normal
Retirement Benefit shall be equal to one-twelfth of the excess, if any, of (a) less the
sum of (b), (c), and (d) where:






(a) 	equals
two (2) percent of the Participant’s Final Average Compensation           multiplied
by the Participant’s Years of Credited Service,




(b) 	equals
one-half of the Participant’s annual Social Security Benefit,





(c) 	equals
the Participant’s annual Company Matching Contribution Benefit, and





(d) 	equals
Participant’s annual Funded Plan Benefit.






3.2  	Early
Retirement Benefit. Each Participant who retires prior to the Participant’s
Normal Retirement Date shall receive a monthly Early Retirement Benefit commencing on the
Participant’s Early Retirement Date and payable under the normal form in accordance
with section 3.1. The monthly Early Retirement Benefit shall be equal to one-twelfth of
the excess, if any, of (a) less the sum of (b), (c), and (d) where:






(a) 	equals
two (2) percent of the Participant’s Final Average Compensation           multiplied
by the Participant’s Years of Credited Service and reduced by a           factor
based on the number of years by which the Retirement Date precedes the
Participant’s Normal Retirement Date, as shown in the following schedule:










Number of years* by which the Retirement

Date precedes the Participant's Normal

Retirement Date	Portion of Retirement Benefit Payable

7	60.00%
6	63.33%
5	66.67%
4	73.33%
3	80.00%
2	86.67%
1	93.33%
0	100.00%









*
For a period that is not an integral number of years, the portion to be applied will be
obtained by arithmetic interpolation between the appropriate percentages set out above.






(b) 	equals
one-half of the Participant’s annual Social Security Benefit,           reduced by
..4167 percent for each month by which Participant’s Early           Retirement Date
precedes the Participant’s Normal Retirement Date,





(c) 	equals
the Participant’s annual Company Matching Contribution Benefit           payable at
the Early Retirement Date, and








8












(d) 	equals
the annual Funded Plan           Benefit payable at the Early Retirement Date.







3.3  	Deferred
Vested Retirement Benefits. An Inactive Participant shall be paid his deferred vested
Retirement Benefit at his Retirement Date under the terms of Section 3.1 of the Plan,
unless such Participant qualifies for an Early Retirement Benefit under Section 3.2 in
which case payments may begin at such Early Retirement Date.






3.4  	Form
and Timing of Benefit. The benefit payable to or on behalf of a Participant under
this Plan shall be paid in the normal form as provided by the Funded Plan or, as elected
by the Participant (or his Spouse, in the event of the Participant’s death while
employed), on a basis consistent with all elections made by the Participant and/or Spouse
under the Funded Plan. Any conversions to an optional method of payment permitted under
the Funded Plan shall be the Actuarial Equivalent of such normal form of payment.
Benefits due under this Article III shall be paid coincident with the payment date of
benefits under the Funded Plan.






3.5  	Treatment
of Plan Payments Under Other Plans. Benefits earned by a Participant under this Plan
shall not be considered “Compensation” as that term is defined in other plans
sponsored by the Employer.






























9











ARTICLE IV



DEATH BENEFITS BEFORE
RETIREMENT



4.1  	Death
of a Participant Before Commencement of Retirement Benefit. If a Participant dies
before the date Retirement Benefits commence hereunder, no benefits shall be payable
under this Plan, except as to otherwise provided in section 4.2.






4.2  	Preretirement
Spouse’s Death Benefit.






(a) 	In
the case of a Participant who has a nonforfeitable right to his Accrued
Normal Retirement Benefit, who has a surviving Spouse and who dies prior
to his                Retirement Date (whether or not such Participant is employed by the
Employer or                an Affiliate) there shall be payable to his surviving Spouse a
Preretirement                Spouse’s Death Benefit.






(b) 	The
monthly payments to a surviving Spouse under the Preretirement Spouse’s
Death Benefit shall equal the amounts which would have been payable as a
survivor annuity under the Joint and 50 Percent Spouse’s Annuity if—






(1) 	in
the case of a Participant who dies after attaining his Early Retirement Date,
such Participant had retired with an immediate Joint and 50 Percent
Spouse’s Annuity on the day before the Participant’s death, or






(2) 	in
the case of a Participant who dies on or before attaining his Early
Retirement Date, such Participant had terminated employment on the date of
death                (if his employment had not terminated), survived to his Early
Retirement Date,                retired with an immediate Joint and 50 Percent Spouse’s
Annuity on his                Early Retirement Date, and died on the day after the date
on which such                Participant would have attained his Early Retirement Date.
If, pursuant to                subsection (c) below, a Spouse elects to defer the
commencement of the                Preretirement Spouse’s Death Benefit, the amount
of the benefit payable                thereunder shall be increased to reflect such
deferral.






(c) 	Payment
of the Preretirement Spouse’s Death Benefit to a Participant’s           Spouse
shall commence on the date selected by the surviving Spouse. Such date           shall
occur no earlier than the date on which a deceased Participant would have
attained his Early Retirement Date (in the case of a Participant who dies prior
to attaining his Early Retirement Date), or the date of the Participant’s
death (in the case of a Participant who dies on or after attaining his Early
Retirement Date), and no later than the first day of the month next following
the date the Participant would have attained age 62.















10










ARTICLE V



VESTING



5.1  	Vesting.
A Participant shall vest over a period of ten Years of Officer Service according to the
following vesting schedule:











Years of Officer Service	Vested Percentage

0 - 5	0%
6	20%
7	40%
8	60%
9	80%
10	100%








5.2  	Effect
of Change in Control. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the
contrary, in the event of a Change in Control, all Participants who are employed by the
Company at the time of a Change in Control shall become fully vested in their entire
Accrued Normal Retirement Benefit under this Plan. Moreover, in the event of a Change in
Control, each Participant shall be entitled to receive an immediate single sum
distribution of the entire present value of the Participant’s Accrued Normal
Retirement Benefit vested in accordance with this Article V within 60 days after the
Participant’s termination of employment for any reason. (Any Participant who
terminated employment before such Change in Control shall receive the present value of
the Participant’s then remaining vested Accrued Normal Retirement Benefit within 60
days after the Change in Control.) For purposes of this provision, the present value of a
Participant’s Accrued Normal Retirement Benefit shall be determined using the
Actuarial Assumption in section 6.4.

















11











ARTICLE VI



PAYMENT OF RETIREMENT
BENEFIT



6.1  	Survival. Payment
of any Retirement Benefit hereunder which is contingent upon the survival of the payee
shall cease with the last payment due the payee before the payee’s death.






6.2  	Administrative
Powers Relating to Payments. If a Participant or Spouse is under a legal disability
or, by reason of illness or mental or physical disability, is unable, in the opinion of
the Committee, to attend properly to such Participant’s personal financial matters,
the Committee may make such payments in such of the following ways as the Committee shall
direct:






(a)	Directly
to such Participant or Spouse;





(b) 	To
the legal representative of such           Participant or Spouse; or





(c) 	To
some relative by blood or marriage, or friend,           for the benefit of such
Participant or Spouse.







Any
payment made pursuant to this section 6.2 shall be in complete discharge of the
obligation for such payment under the Plan.






6.3  	Missing
Persons.






(a) 	The
Company shall be deemed to have made adequate tender of payment of any           benefit
payable hereunder to a person if payment is made by check or by money           order,
and mailed to the last address of such person furnished to the Company.





(b) 	If
a person shall fail to claim or collect any such tender for a period of three
months from the date thereof, the Company may stop payment on such tender and
on           any other tenders subsequent to the tender not claimed or collected and may
suspend any further benefit payments hereunder until the Company can ascertain
whether such person was living at the time any such tender was made and whether
any benefit payments are due hereunder to a person. Upon such suspension of
payments, a written notice thereof and of the provisions of this section 6.3
shall be mailed by the Company to the last address known to it of the person
entitled to such payment or payments.





(c) 	If
such person shall fail to claim any such payment for a period of three years
after such written notice is mailed, such person for all purposes of the Plan
be           deemed to have died on the day immediately preceding the date of the first
such           tender which has not been claimed or collected.


















12











6.4  	Lump
Sum Cash-Out. If the lump sum Actuarial Equivalent value of:(1) a Participant’s
vested Accrued Normal Retirement Benefit upon termination of employment or (2) the
Preretirement Spouse’s Death Benefit upon the Participant’s death is equal to
or less than $50,000, the Plan shall make a lump sum payment of: (1) the Accrued Normal
Retirement Benefit to the Participant or (2) the Preretirement Spouse’s Death
Benefit to the Participant’s surviving Spouse. For the purpose of determining the
lump sum Actuarial Equivalent under this section, the Employer shall use an interest rate
equal to the annual interest rate on 30-year Treasury securities for the January (the
“look back month”) immediately preceding the Plan Year (“the stability
period”) in which the Participant’s Retirement Date or termination date (if
earlier) occurs, as specified by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue in revenue rulings,
notices, or other guidance, published in the Internal Revenue Bulletin. The applicable
mortality table shall be the mortality table based on the prevailing commissioners’standard
table (described in Code section 807(d)(5(A)) used to determine reserves for group
annuity contracts issued on the date of which present value is being determined (without
regard to any other subparagraph of section 807(d)(5)), that is prescribed by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue in revenue rulings, notices, or other guidance,
published in the Internal Revenue Bulletin.
































13










ARTICLE VII



GENERAL PROVISIONS



7.1  	Funding.
The Plan is intended as an unfunded plan of deferred compensation. The Company intends to
establish appropriate reserves for the Plan on its books of account in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. Such reserves shall be, for all purposes, part
of the beneficial funds of the Company and no Participant, Spouse or other person
claiming a right under the Plan shall have any interest, right or title to such reserves.






7.2  	Continuation
of the Plan. The Plan shall be binding upon the Company and any successors or assigns
of the Company including any corporation with or into which the Company or its successors
or assigns shall consolidate or merge and any transfer of substantially all of the assets
of the Company or its successors or assigns.






7.3  	Right
to Amend, Suspend or Terminate. The Company reserves the right at any time and from
time to time to amend, suspend or terminate the Plan by action of its Board of Directors
or Human Resources Committee without the consent of any Participant, Spouse, or other
persons claiming a right under the Plan. No amendment of the Plan shall reduce the
benefits of any Participant below the amount to which such Participant has become vested
pursuant to section 5.1 prior to the date of amendment.






7.4  	Rights
to Benefits. No person shall have any right to a benefit under the Plan except as
such benefit has accrued to such person in accordance with the terms of the Plan, and
that such right shall be no greater than the rights of any unsecured general creditors of
the Company. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Plan, if a Participant shall be
terminated for Cause, all of such Participant’s rights to benefits under this Plan
shall be forfeited. For purposes of this Plan, the Company may terminate the Participant’s
employment after the Plan Effective Date for “Cause” only if the conditions set
forth in paragraphs (i) and (ii) have been met:






(i) 	(A)
the Participant has committed any act of fraud, embezzlement or theft in
connection with the Participant’s duties as an Officer or in the course of
employment with the Company and/or its subsidiaries; or







(B)  the Participant has
willfully and continually failed to perform substantially           the Participant’s
duties with the Company or any of its Affiliates (other           than any such failure
resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental           illness or injury,
regardless of whether such illness or injury is job-related)           for an appropriate
period, which shall not be less than 30 days, after the Chief           Executive Officer
of the Company (or, if the Participant is then Chief Executive           Officer, the
Board) has delivered a written demand for performance to the           Participant that
specifically identifies the manner in which the Chief Executive           Officer (or the
Board, as the case may be) believes the Participant has not           substantially
performed the Participant’s duties; or







(C)         the Participant has
willfully engaged in illegal conduct or gross misconduct           that is materially and
demonstrably injurious to the Company; or







(D)              the Participant has
willfully and wrongfully disclosed any trade secret or           other confidential
information of the Company or any of its Affiliates; or








(E)
the Participant has engaged in any competitive activity; and in any such case
the act or omission shall have been determined by the Board to have been
materially harmful to the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole.







14











For
purposes of the provision, (1) no act or failure to act on the part of the Participant
shall be considered “willful” unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the
Participant in bad faith or without reasonable belief that the Participant’s action
or omission was in the best interests of the Company and (2) any act, or failure to act,
based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or upon the
instructions of the Chief Executive Officer or a senior officer of the Company or based
upon the advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or
omitted to be done, by the Participant in good faith and in the best interests of the
Company.






(ii)	(A)
The Company terminates the Participant’s employment by delivering a           Notice
of Termination to the Participant, and







(B)  prior to the time the
Company has terminated the Participant’s employment           pursuant to a Notice
of Termination, the Board, by the affirmative vote of not           less than
three-quarters (3/4) of the entire membership of the Board, has           adopted a
resolution finding that the Participant was guilty of conduct set           forth in this
definition of Cause, and specifying the particulars thereof in           detail, at a
meeting of the Board called and held for the purpose of considering           such
termination (after reasonable notice to the Participant and an opportunity           for
the Participant, together with the Participant’s counsel, to be heard
before the Board), and







(C)                the Company delivers a copy
of such resolution to the Participant with the           Notice of Termination at the
time the Participant’s employment is           terminated.







In
the event of a dispute regarding whether the Participant’s employment has been
terminated for Cause, no claim by the Company that the Company has terminated the
Participant’s employment for Cause in accordance with this Agreement shall be given
effect unless the Company establishes by clear and convincing evidence that the Company
has complied with the requirements of this Section 7.4 to terminate the Participant’s
employment for Cause.






7.5  	Titles. The
titles of the Articles and sections herein are included for convenience of reference only
and shall not be construed as part of this Plan, or have any effect upon the meaning of
the provisions hereof.






7.6  	Separability. If
any term or provision of this Plan as presently in effect or as amended from time to
time, or the application thereof to any payments or circumstances, shall to any extent be
invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of the Plan, and the application of such term or
provisions to payments or circumstances other than those as to which it is invalid or
unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each term or provision of the Plan
shall be valid and enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law.
















15












7.7  	Authorized
Officers. Whenever the Company under the terms of the Plan is permitted or required
to do or to perform any act or matter or thing, it shall be done and performed by any
Officer duly authorized by the Board of Directors of the Company, provided that the
authority to approve Participants shall be vested in the Committee.






7.8  	No
Contract of Employment.  Nothing herein contained shall be construed to constitute a
contract of employment between any Employer and any Employee.







7.9  	Data. It
shall be a condition precedent to the payment of all benefits under the Plan that each
Participant, former Participant and Spouse must furnish to the Company such documents,
evidence or information as the Company considers necessary or desirable for the purpose
of administering the Plan, or to protect the Company.






7.10  	Restrictions
Upon Assignments and Creditors’ Claims. Except as in the Plan otherwise
provided, no Participant, former Participant or any Spouse, or the state of any such
person, shall have the power to assign, pledge, encumber or transfer any interest in the
Plan while the same shall be possession of the Company. Any such attempt at alienation
shall be void. No such interest shall be subject to attachment, garnishment, execution,
levy or any other legal equitable proceeding or process and any attempt to so such
interest shall be void.






7.11  	Applicable
Law.  The Plan shall be construed and administered in accordance with the laws of
Wisconsin to the extent such          laws are not preempted by ERISA.
























16










EXHIBIT A





Officer's Name


Title


Date of Plan

Participation

Oshkosh Truck

Corporation Hire

Date
Date of Officer

Appointment


[Redacted material]




















17











Exhibit B



DEFINITION OF
“CHANGE IN CONTROL” AND RELATED TERMS



A
“Change in Control” shall be deemed to have occurred if the event set forth in
any one of the following paragraphs shall have occurred:



(i)                 at
any time that either no shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company are
issued and outstanding or Excluded Persons have ceased to beneficially own a
majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company, any
Person (as defined below) (other than (A) the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, (B) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under
any           employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (C) an
underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such
securities, (D) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the
shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their
ownership of stock in the Company or (E) an Exempt Person (as defined below)
(“Excluded Persons”)) is or becomes the “Beneficial Owner”          (as
such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of           1934,
as amended (the “Act”)), directly or indirectly, of securities           of the
Company (not including in the securities beneficially owned by such           Person any
securities acquired directly from the Company or its Affiliates (as           defined
below) after January 31, 2000, pursuant to express authorization by the           Board
that refers to this exception) representing 25% or more of (A) the           combined
voting power of the Company’s then outstanding voting securities           or (B)
the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Company; or




(ii)                 the
following individuals cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the
number of directors then serving: individuals who, on January 31, 2000,
constituted the Board and any new director (other than a director whose initial
assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election
contest, including but not limited to a consent solicitation, relating to the
election of directors of the Company, as such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of
Regulation 14A under the Act) whose appointment or election by the Board or
nomination for election by the Company’s shareholders was approved by a
vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who
either were directors on January 31, 2000 or whose appointment, election or
nomination for election was previously so approved; or




(iii)                 the
shareholders of the Company approve a merger, consolidation or share           exchange
of the Company with any other corporation or approve the issuance of           voting
securities of the Company in connection with a merger, consolidation or           share
exchange of the Company (or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the           Company)
pursuant to applicable stock exchange requirements, other than (A) a           merger,
consolidation or share exchange that would result in the voting           securities of
the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger,           consolidation or
share exchange continuing to represent (either by remaining           outstanding or by
being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity           or any parent
thereof) at least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting           securities of
the Company or such surviving entity or any parent thereof           outstanding
immediately after such merger, consolidation or share exchange,           (B) a
merger, consolidation or share exchange effected to implement a
recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no Person
(other than an Excluded Person) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or
indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including in the securities
beneficially owned by such Person any securities acquired directly from the
Company or its Affiliates after January 31, 2000, pursuant to express
authorization by the Board that refers to this exception) representing 25% or
more of (1) the combined voting power of the Company’s then outstanding
voting securities or (2) the then outstanding shares of common stock of the
Company or (C) a merger, consolidation or share exchange immediately following
the effectiveness of which shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company will
remain issued and outstanding and Excluded Persons will continue to
beneficially           own a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock
of the Company;           or





18










(iv)                 the
shareholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation or
dissolution of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the
Company of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets (in one
transaction or a series of related transactions within any period of 24
consecutive months), other than a sale or disposition by the Company of all or
substantially all of the Company’s assets to an entity at least 75% of the
combined voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by Persons in
substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company
immediately           prior to such sale.




Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no “Change in Control” shall be deemed to have occurred if there
is consummated any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following
which the record holders of the common stock of the Company immediately prior to such
transaction or series of transactions continue to have substantially the same
proportionate ownership in an entity that owns all or substantially all of the assets of
the Company immediately following such transaction or series of transactions.



For
purposes of this Exhibit B, the term “Affiliate” shall have the meaning
ascribed to such term in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations of the Act.




For
purposes of this Exhibit B, the term “Exempt Person” shall mean (i) J. Peter
Mosling, Jr.; (ii) Stephen P. Mosling; (iii) any transferee to which the Persons
identified in clause (i) and (ii) above (the “Moslings”) have lawfully
transferred or may lawfully transfer shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company
pursuant to the provisions of the Stock Purchase Agreement dated April 26th,
1996, by and among the Company and the Moslings, as the same may be amended from time to
time; and (iv) any trustee, guardian, custodian, executor, administrator, fiduciary or
other legal representative of the Persons identified in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above
or the estates of the Moslings, in their capacity as such.



For
purposes of this Exhibit B, the term “Person” shall have the meaning given in
Section 3(a)(9) of the Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof.






















19


