











Exhibit 10(n)(i)

ALBANY INTERNATIONAL CORP.
SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN

Effective as of
January 1, 1994

As amended and restated
as of January 1, 2008


<PAGE>

ARTICLE 1              DEFINITIONS .......................................     1

A.            Actuarial Equivalent ..............................     1

B.            Aggregate Credited Service ........................     1

C.            Beneficiary .......................................     1

D.            Benefit ...........................................     1

E.            Board of Directors ................................     1

F.            Committee .........................................     1

G.            Compensation ......................................     1

H.            Compensation Limit ................................     1

I.            Corporation .......................................     1

J.            Employee ..........................................     1

K.            ERISA .............................................     1

L.            IRC ...............................................     1

M.            Participant .......................................     2

N.            Pension Plus Plan .................................     2

O.            Plan ..............................................     2

P.            Prosperity Plus Plan ..............................     2

ARTICLE 2              EFFECTIVE DATE ....................................     2

ARTICLE 3              PARTICIPATION IN THE PLAN .........................     2

ARTICLE 4              BENEFITS ..........................................     2

A.            Determination of Benefits .........................     2

B.            Form and Timing of Benefit Payments ...............     3

C.            Vesting ...........................................     4

ARTICLE 5              PLAN ADMINISTRATION ...............................     4

A.            The Committee .....................................     4

B.            Power, Duties, Etc ................................     4

ARTICLE 6              MISCELLANEOUS .....................................     5

A.            Amendment .........................................     5

B.            Termination .......................................     5

C.            Funding ...........................................     6

D.            Benefits Not Assignable ...........................     7

E.            Plan Not a Contract of Employment .................     7

F.            Benefits Payable to Minors, Incompetents and
Others ..........................................     7

G.            Construction ......................................     7


i

<PAGE>

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS

A. Actuarial  Equivalent.  The determination of one benefit as actuarially
equivalent  to another  benefit using the  actuarial  assumptions  used for such
purpose under the Pension Plus Plan.

B. Aggregate Credited Service.  "Aggregate Credited Service" as defined in
the Pension Plus Plan.

C. Beneficiary. Any person entitled to receive any payment of benefits due
under  the  Pension  Plus  Plan  with  respect  to  a   Participant   after  the
Participant's  death,  whether  pursuant  to the  Participant's  designation  or
otherwise.

D. Benefit.  The benefit payable to a Participant or Beneficiary  pursuant
to  Article  IV of the Plan.  A  Participant's  Benefit  under the Plan shall be
segregated into a "Grandfathered" Benefit and a "Non-Grandfathered" Benefit. The
Grandfathered  Benefit  means the portion of a  Participant's  Benefit  that was
earned and vested as of December 31, 2004. The  Non-Grandfathered  Benefit means
the portion of a Participant's Benefit that accrued or became vested on or after
January 1, 2005.

E. Board of Directors. The Board of Directors of the Corporation,  and any
persons  empowered  by  the  Corporation's  certificate  of  incorporation,  the
Corporation's   by-laws  or   resolution  of  the  Board  of  Directors  of  the
Corporation, to exercise the powers of the Board of Directors of the Corporation
with respect to the Plan.

F. Committee.  The Employee Benefits  Committee  appointed by the Board of
Directors to be the  administrator  of the Pension Plus Plan pursuant to Article
VII thereof.

G.  Compensation.  "Compensation" as defined in the Pension Plus Plan, but
determined without regard to the Compensation Limit.

H.   Compensation   Limit.  The  limitations   contained  in  IRC  Section
401(a)(17), as amended from time to time.

I. Corporation. Albany International Corp. and any successor thereto.

J. Employee.  Any person employed by the  Corporation or a  "Participating
Affiliate"  (as defined in the Pension Plus Plan) on a salaried  basis who is an
"Eligible Employee" (as defined in the Pension Plus Plan) under the Pension Plus
Plan.

K. ERISA. The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

L. IRC. The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

M.  Participant.  Any Employee who is eligible to  participate in the Plan
pursuant to Article III hereof.


3
<PAGE>

N. Pension Plus Plan. The Albany International Corp. Pension Plus Plan, as
it may be amended from time to time.

O. Plan. The Albany International Corp.  Supplemental Executive Retirement
Plan, as it may be amended from time to time.

P. Prosperity Plus Plan. The Albany  International  Corp.  Prosperity Plus
Plan, as it may be amended from time to time.

ARTICLE 2

EFFECTIVE DATE

The Plan shall be effective  January 1, 1994 with respect to  Participants
whose benefit  payments under the Pension Plus Plan commence or will commence on
or after January 1, 1994.  Effective as of January 1, 2008,  the Plan is amended
and restated to comply with the  requirements  of IRC Section 409A.  The Plan is
intended, and shall be construed, to comply with IRC Section 409A so as to avoid
the excise tax penalties,  interest penalties, and income inclusion rules of IRC
Section 409A.

ARTICLE 3

PARTICIPATION IN THE PLAN

An Employee who is a  participant  in the Pension Plus Plan shall become a
Participant in this Plan effective as of the date on which (a) his  Compensation
during any  calendar  year  beginning  on or after  January 1, 1994  exceeds the
limitations  set forth in IRC Section  401(a)(17) or (b) his benefits  under the
Pension Plus Plan are limited by reason of the application of the limitations of
IRC Sections 401(a)(4) or 415 (including the combined  limitations  contained in
IRC  Section  415 on  benefits  payable  under  the  Pension  Plus  Plan and the
Prosperity   Plus  Plan),   including  the  treasury   regulations   promulgated
thereunder.  An Employee who becomes a Participant shall remain a Participant so
long as he is entitled to any benefits under the Plan.

ARTICLE 4

BENEFITS

A. Determination of Benefits

1. Excess  Article IV Benefits.  A  Participant's  or  Beneficiary's
Benefit  under this Section  IV.A.1 of the Plan shall be determined as the
excess, if any, of:

(a) the Actuarial Equivalent of the amount of monthly benefits
to which such  Participant or  Beneficiary  would have been entitled
under Article IV of the Pension Plus Plan, determined without regard
to Appendix


4
<PAGE>

L  of  such  plan,  and   determined   without  regard  to  (i)  the
Compensation Limit and (ii) the limitations  imposed pursuant to IRC
Sections 401(a)(4) and 415, expressed as a single life annuity; over

(b) the Actuarial Equivalent of the amount of monthly benefits
to which such  Participant or Beneficiary  actually is entitled from
time to time under  Article IV of the Pension Plus Plan,  determined
without regard to Appendix L of such plan, and expressed as a single
life annuity.

2. Excess  Appendix L Benefits.  A  Participant's  or  Beneficiary's
benefit  under this Section  IV.A.2 of the Plan shall be determined as the
excess,  if any, of (1) the Account  credits  provided for in Section I of
Appendix L of the Pension Plus Plan, over (2) the Account credits actually
credited to and payable from such  Participant's  Account under Appendix L
of the Pension Plus Plan,  after  application  of the limits  described in
Section II of Appendix L.

B. Form and Timing of Benefit Payments

1.  Excess  Article  IV  Benefits.  The  Actuarial  Equivalent  of a
Participant's  or  Beneficiary's  Benefit under Section IV.A.1 of the Plan
shall be paid to the  Participant  or  Beneficiary  at the time and in the
form as provided below:

(a) Payment of a  Participant's  Grandfathered  Benefit  shall
commence  at the  same  time  as  benefits  to such  Participant  or
Beneficiary  under  the  Pension  Plus  Plan  commence,  unless  the
Committee directs that the Actuarial Equivalent of the Participant's
Grandfathered   Benefit  shall  be  paid  at  a  different  time.  A
Participant's Non-Grandfathered Benefit shall be paid or commence as
of the  first  day of the  month  following  the date  that is sixth
months  following  the  date  of the  Participant's  termination  of
employment with the Corporation.

(b) A Participant's Grandfathered Benefit shall be paid in the
form as benefits are paid to such  Participant or Beneficiary  under
the  Pension  Plus  Plan,  unless  the  Committee  directs  that the
Actuarial  Equivalent  of the  Participant's  Grandfathered  Benefit
shall be paid in a different form. A Participant's Non-Grandfathered
Benefit  shall be paid in the form  elected  by the  Participant.  A
Participant with a  Non-Grandfathered  Benefit shall be permitted to
elect any one of the following forms of payment:  a 50%, 66 2/3%, or
100% joint and survivor  annuity;  a life  annuity,  a five (5) year
certain annuity, or a ten (10) year certain annuity.  However,  such
election  must  be made  within  thirty  days of when a  Participant
commences  participation  in the Plan,  and such  election  shall be
irrevocable.  For purposes of this  subsection (b), a Participant is
considered to commence participation in the Plan as of the January 1
following the first year the Participant accrues a Benefit under the
Plan.  In the event a  Participant  or  Beneficiary  fails to timely
elect  a form of  payment  for the  Non-Grandfathered  Benefit,  the
Non-Grandfathered Benefit shall be paid in the form of a single life
annuity.


5
<PAGE>

2.   Excess   Appendix  L  Benefits.   The  actual   amount  of  any
Participant's  Benefit under  Section  IV.A.2 of the Plan shall be paid to
the Participant in cash as soon as practicable after it accrues.

3. Taxes. Any payments  hereunder shall be subject to any applicable
tax withholding requirements.

C. Vesting

Notwithstanding  anything in this Plan to the contrary,  no Participant or
Beneficiary  shall be entitled to receive any benefits  under Section  IV.A.1 of
this Plan unless the Participant (1) is actually  employed by the Corporation or
an "Affiliate"  (as defined in the Pension Plus Plan) on or after his attainment
of age 55 and (2) has completed ten years of Aggregate Credited Service.

ARTICLE 5

PLAN ADMINISTRATION

A. The Committee

1. The Plan shall be administered by the Committee.

2. The Committee  shall act by a majority of its members at any time
in office and such action may be taken either by a vote at a meeting or in
writing  without a meeting.  The  Committee  may  authorize  any person to
execute  any  document or  documents  on its  behalf,  and any  interested
person,  upon receipt of notice of such authorization  directed to it, may
thereafter  accept and rely upon any document  executed by such authorized
person  until the  Committee  shall  deliver to such  interested  person a
revocation of such authorization.

3. A member  of the  Committee  who also is a  Participant  shall be
disqualified  from voting or acting upon any matter relating  specifically
to the Participant.

B. Power, Duties, Etc. of the Committee

1. The  Committee  shall have the power to construe  the Plan and to
determine  all questions of fact that may arise  thereunder,  and any such
construction  or  determination  shall be  conclusively  binding  upon all
persons interested in the Plan.

2. Subject to the terms of the Plan,  the  Committee  may  establish
rules and procedures satisfactory to it for the administration of the Plan
and the transaction of its business.

3. All payments of benefits or expenses of the Plan shall be made by
the Corporation at the direction of the Committee.


6
<PAGE>

4. The  Committee  shall  have all the  rights,  powers,  duties and
obligations granted or imposed upon it elsewhere in the Plan.

5. The  Committee  may  designate  other  persons  to carry  out the
responsibilities of the Committee provided for hereunder.

6. To the extent permitted under applicable law, the Committee shall
not be  subject to and shall be  indemnified  by the  Corporation  for any
liabilities arising from any action or omission respecting the Plan.

ARTICLE 6

MISCELLANEOUS

A. Amendment

The Board of Directors and the Employee Benefits Committee (each acting by
an appropriately  adopted resolution at a meeting or action in writing without a
meeting)  shall each have the right at any time to amend the Plan in whole or in
part,  effective  retroactively,   or  otherwise;  provided,  however,  that  no
amendment  shall  decrease the amount that would be payable to a Participant  or
Beneficiary  hereunder  determined as if the Participant  terminated  employment
with the  Corporation  immediately  prior  to such  amendment  and had  begun to
receive  retirement  benefits  under  the  Pension  Plus  Plan,  so  long as the
Participant  had  attained  age 55 and had  completed  ten  years  of  Aggregate
Credited  Service  under the  Pension  Plus Plan on the date such  amendment  is
adopted.

B. Termination

The Board of Directors (acting by an appropriately adopted resolution at a
meeting or action in writing without a meeting)  reserves the right to terminate
the Plan; provided, however, that such termination shall not decrease the amount
payable  to  a  Participant  or  Beneficiary  hereunder  determined  as  if  the
Participant had terminated employment with the Corporation  immediately prior to
the termination of the Plan and had begun to receive  retirement  benefits under
the Pension Plus Plan,  so long as the  Participant  had attained age 55 and had
completed ten years of Aggregate Credited Service under the Pension Plus Plan on
the date on which the Plan is terminated. All other provisions of the Plan shall
remain in effect unless otherwise amended.

Unless payment is permitted  earlier under IRC Section 409A,  payment of a
Participant's  Grandfathered  Benefit  shall be made in a lump sum within thirty
days   of  the   termination   of  the   Plan.   Payment   of  a   Participant's
Non-Grandfathered  Benefit shall be made in a lump sum within thirty days of the
one year anniversary of the termination of the Plan.  Notwithstanding the above,
Participants who are receiving  payments of their  Non-Grandfathered  Benefit on
the date the Plan is  terminated  shall  continue  to receive  distributions  in
accordance with their payment  election during this one year period.  At the end
of the period such  Participant  will receive a  distribution  of the balance of
his/her Non-Grandfathered Benefit.


7
<PAGE>

C. Funding

The Benefits payable under the Plan shall be unfunded.  Benefits under the
Plan shall be paid from the general assets of the  Corporation.  The Corporation
may  establish a trust  pursuant  to a trust  agreement  and make  contributions
thereto for the purpose of assisting the  Corporation in meeting its obligations
in respect of Benefits  payable under the Plan. Any such trust  agreement  shall
contain procedures to the following effect:

(a) In the event of the  insolvency  of the  Corporation,  the trust
fund  will  be  available  to  pay  the  claims  of  any  creditor  of the
Corporation  to whom a distribution  may be made in accordance  with state
and  federal  bankruptcy  laws.  The  Corporation  is subject to a pending
proceeding as a debtor under the federal Bankruptcy Code (or any successor
federal   statute)  or  any  state  bankruptcy  code.  In  the  event  the
Corporation becomes insolvent,  the Board of Directors and chief executive
officer of the Corporation  shall notify the trustee of that event as soon
as practicable.  Upon receipt of such notice,  or if the trustee  receives
other written  allegation  of the  Corporation's  insolvency,  the trustee
shall cease making  payments of benefits  from the trust fund,  shall hold
the trust fund for the benefit of the Corporation's  creditors,  and shall
take such steps that are necessary to determine within 30 days whether the
Corporation is insolvent. In the case of the trustee's actual knowledge of
or other determination of the Corporation's  insolvency,  the trustee will
deliver  assets of the trust fund to satisfy  claims of the  Corporation's
creditors as directed by a court of competent jurisdiction;

(b) The trustee  shall  resume  payment of benefits  under the trust
agreement  only after the trustee has determined  that the  Corporation is
not insolvent (or is no longer  insolvent,  if the trustee had  previously
determined the Corporation to be insolvent) or upon receipt of an order of
a court of competent  jurisdiction  requiring such payment. If the trustee
discontinues payment of benefits pursuant to Paragraph (a) of this Section
and subsequently  resumes such payment,  the first payment on account of a
Participant  following  such  discontinuance  shall  include an  aggregate
amount equal to the difference  between the payments which would have been
made on  account of such  Participant  under the trust  agreement  and the
aggregate  payments  actually made on account of such  Participant  by the
Corporation  during any such period of  discontinuance,  plus  interest on
such amount at a rate  equivalent  to the net rate of return earned by the
trust fund during the period of such discontinuance.

D. Benefits Not Assignable

Benefits provided under the Plan may not be anticipated,  assigned (either
at law or in equity),  alienated or subject to  attachment,  garnishment,  levy,
execution or other legal or equitable process other than pursuant to the laws of
descent and  distribution.  The foregoing  notwithstanding,  a valid beneficiary
designation  filed in accordance  with


8
<PAGE>

Appendix  L of the  Pension  Plus Plan  shall  also  govern  the  payment of any
benefits  under  Section  IV.A.2  of  this  Plan  in  case  of  the  death  of a
Participant.

E. Plan Not a Contract of Employment

The Plan is not a contract of  employment,  and the terms of employment of
any employee of the Corporation or its  "Affiliates"  (as defined in the Pension
Plus Plan) shall not be  affected in any way by the Plan or related  instruments
except as  specifically  provided in the Plan or such related  instruments.  The
establishment  of the Plan shall not be construed as conferring any legal rights
upon any Employee for a continuation of employment,  nor shall it interfere with
the right of the  Corporation or an "Affiliate"  (as defined in the Pension Plus
Plan) to discharge  any  employee and to treat him without  regard to the effect
which such treatment might have upon him as a Participant.  Each Participant and
all persons who may have or claim any right by reason of his participation shall
be bound by the  terms of the Plan  and all  Agreements  entered  into  pursuant
thereto.

F. Benefits Payable to Minors, Incompetents and Others

In the event any benefit is payable to a minor or an  incompetent  or to a
person otherwise under a legal disability, or who, in the sole discretion of the
Committee,  is by reason of advanced  age,  illness or other  physical or mental
incapacity incapable of handling and disposing of his property,  or otherwise is
in such position or condition that the Committee believes that such person could
not utilize the benefit  for his support or welfare,  the  Committee  shall have
discretion to apply the whole or any part of such benefit  directly to the care,
comfort, maintenance, support, education or use of such person, or pay the whole
or any  part  of such  benefit  to the  parent  of such  person,  the  guardian,
committee,  conservator or other legal  representative,  wherever appointed,  of
such  person,  the person  with whom such  person is  residing,  or to any other
person  having the care and  control  of such  person.  The  receipt of any such
person to whom such payment on behalf of any  Participant or Beneficiary is made
shall be sufficient discharge therefor.

G. Construction

1. The Plan is intended to qualify as an  unfunded  plan  maintained
primarily for the purpose of providing deferred  compensation for a select
group of  management  or highly  compensated  employees  as referred to in
Section 201(2) of ERISA,  and its terms shall be interpreted  accordingly.
Otherwise,   the  laws  of  the  State  of  New  York  shall  control  the
interpretation and performance of the terms of the Plan.

2. If any  provision  of the Plan,  or the  application  of any such
provision  to any  person or  circumstances,  shall be  invalid  under any
federal or state law, neither the application of such provision to persons
or  circumstances  other than


9
<PAGE>

those as to which such  provision is invalid nor any other  provisions  of
the Plan shall be affected thereby.

3. The headings and in the Plan have been  inserted for  convenience
of  reference  only,  and are to be  ignored  in any  construction  of the
provisions thereof.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Restatement to be duly
executed on December 10, 2007 but effective as of January 1, 2008.

ALBANY INTERNATIONAL CORP.

By: /s/ Charles J. Silva, Jr.

Its:  Vice President- General Counsel

ATTEST:

/s/ Joseph M. Gaug


10


