













PROLIANCE INTERNATIONAL, INC.



SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT
PLAN



effective January 1, 2005



(as further amended March 26,
2007)






























TABLE OF CONTENTS














Page





Section 1.  Name, Effective
Date and Purpose




1





Section 2.  Definitions





1





Section 3.  Administration





2





Section 4.  Benefits




3





Section 5.  Distributions





4





Section 6.  Beneficiary
Designation




6





Section 7.  Claims Procedures





7





Section 8.  General Provisions





8





Section 9.  Taxes and Income
Tax Withholding




8





Section 10.  Amendment,
Suspension or Termination




8


































PROLIANCE INTERNATIONAL, INC.



SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT
PLAN



Section 1. Name, Effective Date and
Purpose



1.1  Proliance International, Inc.
hereby amends and restates its Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the
“Plan”) as of January 1, 2005.



1.2  The purpose of the Plan is to
provide supplemental retirement benefits for key executives of Proliance
International, Inc. or its affiliates (the “Company”), as selected by
the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion.



1.3  The Plan is intended to be an
unfunded, non-qualified deferred compensation plan for a select group of
management and highly compensated employees, as described in §201(2) and
§301(a)(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
(“ERISA”) and §409A(a)(2), (3) and (4) of the Internal Revenue
Code, and the provisions of the Plan shall be interpreted accordingly.



1.4  The vested accrued benefits of any
Participant who had a Separation from Service with the Company prior to January
1, 2005 shall be subject to the terms of the Plan as in effect as of the
Participant’s Separation from Service date and shall not be subject to the
terms of this Plan document. The benefits of any Participant who is actively
employed by the Company as of January 1, 2005 shall be governed by the terms of
this Plan document.



Section 2. Definitions



2.1  “Actuarial Equivalent”
or “Actuarially Equivalent” shall have the same meaning as under the
Proliance International, Inc. Pension Plan.



2.2  “Administrative
Committee” shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
(or if such Committee is not then constituted, the Board of Directors), which
shall administer the Plan as provided in Section 3, below. Any notices,
elections or other writings should be sent to the Administrative Committee,
Proliance International, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, 100 Gando
Drive, New Haven, CT 06513.



2.3  “Board of Directors”
shall mean the Board of Directors of Proliance International, Inc. or its
delegate.



2.4  “Code” means the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.






























2.5  “Company” shall mean
Proliance International, Inc. and its successors, and any other affiliated
company as shall be designated by the Board of Directors as eligible to have
one or more of its senior executives participate in the Plan.



2.6  “Distribution Election”
shall mean a written election by a Participant which specifies the time and
form such benefits will be distributed, and which satisfies the requirements
Section 5, below.



2.7  “Effective Date” shall
mean January 1, 2005.



2.8  “Participant” shall mean
an individual employed by the Company who is a high level management employee
and who has been selected for participation in this Plan by the Administrative
Committee.



2.9  “Pension Plan” shall
mean the Proliance International, Inc. Pension Plan.



2.10  “Plan” shall mean
Proliance International, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan.



2.11  “Plan Administrator”
shall mean the Administrative Committee.



2.12  “Plan Year” shall mean
each calendar year.



2.13  “Separation from
Service” means a termination of employment with the Company, as defined
for purposes of Code §409A.



2.14  “Specified Employee”
means a Specified Employee as defined for purposes of Code §409A(2)(B)(i),
which is, generally, the same as a Key Employee under Proliance International,
Inc. Pension Plan, provided the Company has stock which is then publicly traded
on an established securities market or otherwise.



2.15  “Spouse” shall mean the
husband or wife of a Participant.



Section 3.
Administration



3.1  The Plan shall be administered by
the Administrative Committee. The Administrative Committee shall have full
discretionary authority and power to construe and interpret the terms of the
Plan, establish and amend administrative procedures to further the purposes of
the Plan, and take any other actions necessary to administer the Plan. The
Administrative Committee’s decisions, actions, and interpretations
regarding the Plan shall be final and binding upon all Participants.



3.2  The Administrative Committee shall
act by vote or written consent of a majority of its members. Members of the
Administrative Committee who are Participants may vote on or participate in any
matter affecting the administration of the Plan, provided,












2














however, that no member of the Administrative Committee may
vote on or participate in any matter directly relating to his or her own
benefits.



3.3  The Administrative Committee (or
its delegate) shall (a) calculate benefits and maintain records of benefit
payments; (b) prepare communications to Participants; (c) prepare reports
and data required by the Company concerning the Plan; and (d) take any other
actions as are otherwise necessary or appropriate for effective implementation
and administration of the Plan. The Administrative Committee shall be the Plan
Administrator for purposes of ERISA.



Section 4. Benefits



4.1  Retirement Benefits. A Participant shall become entitled to Retirement
Benefits hereunder upon the Participant’s Separation from Service,
provided that the Participant has qualified for retirement benefits under the
Proliance International, Inc. Pension Plan (the “Pension Plan”). A
Participant’s “Retirement Benefits” under this Plan shall be
Actuarially Equivalent to the difference between the Participant’s Accrued
Benefit under the Pension Plan calculated disregarding the limitations of Code
§ 401(a)(17) and Code §415 and the Participant’s Accrued Benefit
under the Pension Plan calculated taking into account the limitations of Code
§401(a)(17) and Code §415, determined as of the Participant’s
Separation from Service date.



4.2  Death Benefits. In lieu of Retirement Benefits under Section 4.1, above,
“Death Benefits” are payable hereunder in the event of a
Participant’s death while actively employed by the Company. With respect
to an unmarried Participant, the Death Benefit under this Plan shall be
Actuarially Equivalent to the difference between the Participant’s Accrued
Benefit under the Pension Plan calculated disregarding the limitations of Code
§ 401(a)(17) and Code §415 and the Participant’s Accrued Benefit
under the Pension Plan calculated taking into account the limitations of Code
§401(a)(17) and Code §415, determined as of the Participant’s
date of death. With respect to a married Participant who dies while actively
employed by the Company, the Death Benefit under this Plan shall equal the
greater of (a) the Actuarial Equivalent of the difference between the
Participant’s Accrued Benefit under the Pension Plan calculated
disregarding the limitations of Code §401(a)(17) and Code §415 and
the Participant’s Accrued Benefit under the Pension Plan calculated taking
into account the limitations of Code §401(a)(17) and Code §415,
determined as of the Participant’s date of death; or (b) the Actuarial
Equivalent of the difference between the Qualified Preretirement Survivor
Annuity based on the Participant’s Accrued Benefit under the Pension Plan
calculated disregarding the limitations of Code §401(a)(17) and Code
§415 and the Qualified Preretirement Survivor Annuity based the
Participant’s Accrued Benefit under the Pension Plan calculated taking
into account the limitations of Code §401(a)(17) and Code §415,
determined as of the Participant’s date of death. The term “Qualified
Preretirement Survivor Annuity” shall have the same meaning for purposes
of this plan as for purposes of the Pension Plan.











3














4.3  Severance Benefits. If so provided in the Participant’s employment
contract with the Company, a Participant shall become entitled to
“Severance Benefits” hereunder upon the Participant’s Separation
from Service if the Participant terminates employment for “Good
Reason,” as defined in the Participant’s employment contract, or the
Participant’s employment is terminated by the Company without
“Serious Cause,” as defined in the Participant’s employment
contract. Except in the event of a Separation from Service within a Change in
Control Period (as defined below), Severance Benefits shall consist of payment
of the Participant’s annual base salary plus the Participant’s
allowance for a leased automobile, both determined as of the date of the
Separation from Service, over a twenty-four month period (except as provided in
Section 5.5, below). In the event of a Separation from Service within a Change
in Control Period (as defined below), Severance Benefits shall consist of 2.99
times the Participant’s “base amount” as defined for purposes of
Code §280G payable over a thirty-six month period (except as provided in
Section 5.5, below). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any portion of these
benefits would constitute “excess parachute payments (as defined for
purposes of Code §280G) such excess parachute payments shall be reduced to
the largest amount that will result in no portion of such excess parachute
payments being subject to the excise tax imposed by Code §4999.



For purposes of this Section 4.3, a Change
of Control Period shall mean the period commencing on the date that a Change of
Control is formally proposed to the Company’s Board of Directors and
ending on the second anniversary of the date on which such Change of Control
occurs; and Change in Control means a Change in Control as defined for purposes
of the Participant’s employment contract.



Severance Benefits may become payable
hereunder in addition to Retirement Benefits.



4.4  Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary set forth herein, any and all amounts payable hereunder shall remain
general assets of the Company until actually paid distributed to a Participant.




Section 5.
Distributions



5.1  Each Participant must file a
Distribution Election concerning Retirement Benefits with the Administrative
Committee. All Elections shall be made on such forms (paper or electronic) as
shall be provided by the Administrative Committee. Generally, Distributions
Elections must be filed by a Participant within 30 days of being notified by
the Administrative Committee of eligibility for benefits under this Plan,
provided, however, that between January 1, 2005 and December 31, 2006, a
Participant may make a Distribution Election up until December 31, 2006 (or
such other time as may be permitted under the IRS transition relief relating to
Code §409A), provided that on or after January 1, 2006, a Participant may
not change an Election with respect to amounts that would have otherwise been
distributed in 2006 or file an Election to cause amounts to be distributed in
2006 that would not otherwise have been distributed in 2006.











4














5.2  Each Distribution Election shall
include an election as to the time and form of distribution of Retirement
Benefits from among the following options:



(a)  a single lump sum calculated as
though benefits commence as of the first of the month after the
Participant’s Separation from Service, but payable as of the first of the
month on or after the completion of six months after the Participant’s
Separation from Service; or



(b)  a single life annuity for the life
of the Participant calculated as though benefits commence as of the first of
the month after the Participant’s Separation from Service, provided that
payments shall be withheld until the first of the month on or after the
completion of six months after the Participant’s Separation from Service,
at which time an initial payment shall be made equal to the sum of the withheld
monthly installments.



(c)  a single life annuity for the life
of the Participant calculated as though benefits commence as of the first of
the month after the Participant’s Separation from Service with a guarantee
of not less than 120 monthly installments, provided that payments shall be
withheld until the first of the month on or after the completion of six months
after the Participant’s Separation from Service, at which time an initial
payment shall be made equal to the sum of the withheld monthly
installments.



(d)  a joint and 50% survivor annuity
for the life of the Participant and a joint annuitant calculated as though
benefits commence as of the first of the month after the Participant’s
Separation from Service, provided that payments shall be withheld until the
first of the month on or after the completion of six months after the
Participant’s Separation from Service, at which time an initial payment
shall be made equal to the sum of the withheld monthly installments, and
further provided that the annuity benefits shall be calculated making such
adjustments as would be necessary to satisfy the minimum distribution
incidental benefit requirements of Code 401(a)(9), and further provided that if
the joint annuitant designated by the Participant is not living on the
Participant’s Separation from Service date, benefits shall be paid in the
form of a single life annuity, as provided in (b), above.



(e)  an annuity as in (d), above,
except that the benefit will be calculated as a joint and 100% survivor
annuity.



5.3  A Participant may change an
election as to the form or timing of payment of Retirement Benefits by filing a
subsequent written election, provided,
however, that



(a)  such subsequent election is
approved by the Committee, in its discretion and is consistent with one of the
forms of benefit permitted under Section 5.2, above;



(b)  such subsequent election does not
take effect until at least 12 months after the date on which the subsequent
election is made;











5














(c)  with respect to an election
relating to a distribution on account of a Separation from Service (or any
other permitted distribution event under Code §409A, other than
disability, death or unforeseeable emergency), payment is deferred for a period
of not less than 5 years from the date payment would otherwise have been made
or commenced; and



(d)  with respect to any election
relating to a distribution to be made (or commence) as of a specified date or
pursuant to a fixed schedule (if permitted by the Plan), the subsequent
election is made not less than 12 months prior to the date of the first
scheduled payment.



Furthermore, no change of election shall
permit the acceleration of the time or schedule of any payment under the Plan,
except as may be provided by regulation or other guidance issued pursuant to
Code §409A(a)(3). This paragraph is intended to be (and shall be
interpreted to be) consistent with Code §409A(a)(3), Code
§409A(a)(4)(C) and related guidance.



5.4  Death Benefits, if any, shall be
paid in the form of a single lump sum as soon as administratively feasible
after the Participant’s death. In the event of a Participant’s death
after the Participant has qualified for Retirement Benefits, (i) if the
Participant elected a lump sum form of benefit which has not been paid by the
time of the Participant’s death, such benefit shall be paid to the
Participant’s Beneficiary; (ii) if the Participant elected a single life
annuity with a guaranteed number of payments and not all of the guaranteed
payments have been made, the remaining guaranteed payments shall be paid to the
Participant’s Beneficiary; and (iii) if the Participant elected a joint
and survivor annuity and is survived by the joint annuitant, benefits shall
continue to the joint annuitant for the joint annuitant’s life.



5.5  Severance Benefits shall be paid
in the form of equal monthly installments commencing as of the first of the
month after the Participant’s Separation from Service, provided that
payments shall be withheld until the first of the month on or after the
completion of six months after the Participant’s Separation from Service,
at which time an initial payment shall be made equal to the sum of the withheld
monthly installments.



5.6  At any time that the Company is
publicly traded on an established securities market (as defined for purposes of
Code §409A) and a distribution is to be made to a Specified Employee (as
defined for purposes of Code §409A(a)(2)(B)(i)) on account of a Separation
from Service, no distribution shall be made before the date which is 6 months
after the date of the Specified Employee’s Separation from Service.




Section 6. Beneficiary
Designation



6.1  Each Participant shall file with
the Committee a written designation of a Beneficiary to receive any benefit
payable to a Beneficiary under this Plan on or after the











6














Participant’s death. The designation
shall be made in such form as may be prescribed by the Committee. A Participant
may, from time to time, amend or revoke his or her designation of
Beneficiary.



6.2  If a Participant fails to
designate a Beneficiary, if neither the primary designated Beneficiary nor any
contingent Beneficiary survives the Participant or if a Participant’s
designation of Beneficiary fails for any other reason, then any benefit
otherwise payable to the Participant’s Beneficiary will be distributed to
the Participant’s estate.



Section 7. Claims
Procedures



7.1  Any person or entity (hereinafter
referred to as “Claimant”) claiming a benefit, requesting an
interpretation or ruling under the Plan, or requesting information under the
Plan shall present the request in writing to the Administrative Committee,
which shall respond in writing as soon as practical, but in no event later than
ninety (90) days after receiving the initial claim.



7.2  If the claim or request is denied,
the written notice of denial shall state:



(i)  the reasons for denial, with
specific reference to the Plan provisions on which the denial is based;




(ii)  a description of any additional
material or information required and an explanation of why it is necessary, in
which event the time period indicated in Section 7.1, above, shall be one
hundred and eighty (180) days from the date of the initial claim; and



(iii)  an explanation of the
Plan’s claim review procedure.



7.3  Any Claimant whose claim or
request is denied or who has not received a response within sixty (60) days may
request a review by notice given in writing to the Administrative Committee.
Such request must be made within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Claimant
of the written notice of denial, or in the event Claimant has not received a
response sixty (60) days after receipt by the Administrative Committee of
Claimant’s claim or request. The claim or request shall be reviewed by the
Administrative Committee which may, but shall not be required to, grant the
Claimant a hearing. On review, the Claimant may have representation, examine
pertinent documents, and submit issues and comments in writing.



7.4  The decision on review shall
normally be made within sixty (60) days after the Administrative
Committee’s receipt of a Claimant’s claim or request. If an extension
of time is required for a hearing or other special circumstances, the Claimant
shall be notified and the time limit shall be one hundred twenty (120) days.
The decision shall be in writing and shall state reasons supporting the
decision and the relevant Plan provisions. All decisions on review shall be
final and bind all parties concerned.











7














Section 8. General
Provisions



8.1  The rights of a Participant to the
payment of deferred compensation as provided in the Plan shall not be assigned,
pledged, or encumbered or be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation,
sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, charge, garnishment, execution
or levy of any kind, whether voluntary or involuntary, including, but not
limited to, any liability which is for alimony or other payments for the
support of a spouse or former spouse, or for any other relative of any
Participant. Any such attempted assignment or transfer shall be void.



8.2  The Plan is intended to constitute
an unfunded deferred compensation arrangement for a select group of management
and highly compensated employees. Nothing contained in the Plan, and no action
taken pursuant to the Plan, shall create or be construed to create a trust of
any kind. The Company’s obligations hereunder shall be an unfunded and
unsecured promise to pay money in the future for tax purposes and for purposes
of Title I of ERISA. A Participant’s right to receive benefits hereunder
shall be no greater than the right of an unsecured general creditor of the
Company. Benefits shall be paid from the general funds of the Company, and no
special or separate fund shall be established and no segregation of assets
shall be made to assure payment of such benefits. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Company may, in its discretion and in conjunction with
maintaining this Plan, establish a so-called “rabbi trust.” Any such
trust created by the Company, and any assets held thereunder to assist the
Company in meeting its obligations under this Plan, may be based on the Revenue
Procedure 92-64 model trust (or subsequent guidance issued by the IRS).



8.3  Nothing contained in the Plan
shall give any Participant the right to continue in the employment of the
Company or affect the right of the Company to discharge a Participant.



8.4  The Plan shall be construed and
governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut, to the extent
not preempted by Federal law.



Section 9. Taxes and Income Tax
Withholding



9.1  The Company shall deduct from all
amounts paid under this Plan any taxes required to be withheld by the Company
under any federal, state, or local government tax statutes. The Participants
will be responsible for all federal, foreign, state and local income taxes and
any other taxes imposed on amounts paid under this Plan.



Section 10. Amendment, Suspension or
Termination



10.1  The Company, by action of its
Board of Directors (or its delegate), may amend or terminate the Plan at any
time and for any reason, provided, however, that no











8














amendment or termination of the Plan shall
adversely affect the vested benefits payable hereunder to any Participant for
service rendered prior to the effective date of such amendment or
termination.



[signature page follows]











9














IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, on
behalf of the Company, has set his or her hand this 26th day of March,
2007.
























PROLIANCE INTERNATIONAL,
INC.



































By:





/s/ Paul R.
Lederer




















Its Chairman of the Board




















Duly Authorized















10








