









Exhibit 10.15



SEVERANCE AGREEMENT


This is a Severance Agreement ("the Agreement") by and between American
Bank ("the Bank"), and Gerald L. Anthony ("Anthony").

WHEREAS,  Anthony was employed by American  Bank as its  President  and
Chief Executive Officer, starting work on the Bank's behalf prior to issuance of
its Charter,  and most  recently  working for the Bank pursuant to an Employment
Agreement dated December 1, 1995; and

WHEREAS,  Anthony is presently  employed by American  Bancshares,  Inc.
("ABI") as its President and Chief Executive Officer, by Freedom Finance Company
as its President, and by ABI Capital Trust as its Administrator; and

WHEREAS, Anthony is presently serving on the Board of  Directors of the
Bank, ABI, and Freedom Finance Company; and

WHEREAS, the Bank, ABI, and Freedom Finance Company wish to sever their
relationship with Anthony, and Anthony wishes to sever his relationship with the
Bank, ABI and Freedom Finance Company; and

WHEREAS,  at a meeting on April 16, 1999,  the parties  negotiated  the
terms of Anthony's  separation from the Bank, and signed a term sheet indicating
those terms; and

WHEREAS,  the Bank and Anthony have agreed to enter into this Agreement
to effect his  severance as agreed  during their  meeting on April 16th,  and to
describe with more formality the terms of his separation;

NOW THEREFORE,  the Bank and Anthony,  in  consideration  of the mutual
promises made in this Agreement, agree as follows:

1.  Termination  of Anthony  Employment  Relationships.  Any employment
relationship  between  Anthony and the Bank,  between  Anthony and ABI,  between
Anthony and Freedom Finance Company,  and between Anthony and ABI Capital Trust,
will be permanently and irrevocably terminated effective April 30, 1999. Anthony
shall receive all  compensation due him as an employee of these entities through
April 30, 1999.  Anthony will resign his employment from these entities  through
execution  of the  letter  of  resignation  attached  as  Exhibit  "A"  to  this
Agreement.

2. Termination of Anthony  Directorships.  Anthony's  membership on the
Board of  Directors  of the Bank,  ABI,  and Freedom  Finance  Company,  will be
permanently and irrevocably  terminated  effective April 30, 1999. Anthony shall
receive all  compensation  due him for  service on the Boards of these  entities
through  April 30,  1999.  Anthony will resign his  memberships  on these Boards
through  execution of the letter of resignation  attached as Exhibit "A" to this
Agreement.

3.  Severance  Pay.  The Bank shall pay  Anthony  severance  pay in the
amount of ONE HUNDRED NINETY THOUSAND  DOLLARS  ($190,000.00),  less all payroll
taxes  required  to be  withheld  by law.  The Bank  shall  pay FICA tax on this
severance  pay as required by law.  This payment  shall be made either in a lump
sum, or in equal installments over twelve (12) months, at Anthony's choice.

4.  Modification  of  Anthony's  Post  Termination   Covenants  in  his
Employment  Agreement of December 1, 1995.  There are certain  post  termination
covenants in Anthony's  Employment  Agreement of December 1, 1995.  The covenant
not to compete is modified to the extent that the parties  agree that it will be
applicable  for a six month period of time,  beginning in April,  1999 (in other
words, the covenant not to compete shall apply, in full force and effect, during
the months of May, June, July, August,  September and October, 1999, expiring on
October 31, 1999).

5. Acknowledgements  Relating to Return of Bank Property.  The Bank and
Anthony both acknowledge that on April 19, 1999, Anthony returned his Bank-owned
car to the Bank. The Bank and Anthony both  acknowledge  that on April 19, 1999,
the Bank obtained from David Wilcox,  Anthony's attorney,  certain Bank property
entrusted to Wilcox by Anthony, including but not limited to Anthony's Bank keys
and his Bank credit card(s).

<PAGE>



6. Anthony's Limited Release. Anthony, in consideration of the payments
to him required by this Agreement, and in consideration of the other promises of
the Bank set forth herein, on his own behalf, and on behalf of his relatives and
heirs,  executors,  administrators and assigns,  irrevocably and unconditionally
releases,  waives and forever discharges the Bank, ABI, Freedom Finance Company,
and ABI Capital Trust, and any other related or affiliated corporations, and all
of their  predecessors,  successors  and  assigns,  and all  agents,  directors,
officers, employees, representatives, insurance carriers, and attorneys, and all
legal and natural  persons acting by,  through,  under or in concert with any of
them (collectively  "Releasees"),  of all claims relating to or arising from his
employment  contracts  with the  Bank,  specifically  including  his  employment
contract dated December 1, 1995, and all claims  relating to or arising from any
Bank policies providing severance pay benefits, and all other claims of any kind
for severance pay from the Bank, ABI,  Freedom Finance  Company,  or ABI Captial
Trust.   Anthony  further   acknowledges  that  the  compensation  and  benefits
referenced in this Agreement  shall be all of the  compensation  and benefits to
which he is entitled from the Bank, with the sole exception of compensation  for
any claims  for  insurance  benefits  made  prior to April 30,  1999;  provided,
however, that nothing herein is intended to effect in any way Anthony's right to
stock  options  provided by prior  contracts,  or his right to any monies in his
401(k)  account  at  the  Bank,  or his  ownership  interests  in  any  American
Bancshares,  Inc.  stock,  nor is anything in this Agreement  intended to effect
Anthony's right to exercise,  at his own expense, his COBRA rights, or any other
insurance  conversion  privileges  provided by law, or by the insurance policies
themselves.

7.  Mutual  Non-Disparagement  Commitment.  Both the  Bank and  Anthony
desire that his  separation be amicable in nature.  To effect that intent,  they
mutually  commit not to  disparage  each other.  More  specifically,  the Bank's
officers and directors will not disparage Anthony,  or any bank that he forms in
the future,  to third  parties,  and Anthony will not disparage the Bank, or its
officers and  directors,  to third  parties.  Anthony and the Bank will approach
this  obligation  in good faith,  and have agreed  that  liquidated  damages are
unnecessary  to enforce  their  mutual  non-disparagement  commitment.  Although
neither  of the  parties  anticipates  any  future  conduct  violative  of  this
provision, they agree that if anything is said by one party that the other party
believes is a  violation  of this  non-disparagement  commitment,  the  offended
party,  through counsel,  will contact counsel for the other party,  calling the
alleged  disparaging  remark to the  attention of that party.  In the event of a
violation of the  non-disparagement  commitment,  appropriate  corrective action
will be taken to eliminate,  to the extent  possible,  repeat  violations of the
commitment.  If repeated violations occur, and/or appropriate  corrective action
is not taken,  or proves  ineffective,  a civil action may be brought to recover
any actual damages caused by breach.
8. Complete Agreement,  Except as Provided. This Agreement contains the
entire  agreement  between the Bank and Anthony  relating to his separation from
the Bank, and his separation  from those entities  related to or affiliated with
the Bank, with the exception of the post termination  covenants set forth in the
employment  agreement  of December 1, 1995,  which,  as modified  herein,  shall
remain in full force and effect.  Thus this Agreement  supercedes the term sheet
for this Agreement  signed by counsel for the parties on April 16, 1996, and any
other  oral or  written  understandings  or  agreements  relating  to  Anthony's
separation.

9. Governing  Law. This  Agreement  shall be governed by the law of the
State of Florida.

GERALD L. ANTHONY                           AMERICAN BANK



By:      /s/Gerald L. Anthony                      By:      /s/ J. Gary Russ


Date:    April 28, 1999                            Date:    April 29, 1999



