














Exhibit 10.4


SEVERANCE AGREEMENT


Agreement  between  Edge  Petroleum  Corporation,  a Delaware  Corporation  (the
"Company"), and ___________________.


WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS,  the Company  desires to retain  certain key  employee  personnel  and,
accordingly,  the Board of Directors  of the Company (the  "Board") has approved
the Company  entering  into a severance  agreement  with  Executive  in order to
encourage his continued service to the Company; and

WHEREAS,  Executive  is prepared to commit such  services in return for specific
arrangements with respect to severance compensation and other benefits;

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable
consideration, the Company and Executive agree as follows:

1.       Definitions

(a)           "Change in Duties"  shall  mean the  occurrence,  within two years
after the date upon which a Change of Control  occurs,  of any one
or more of the following:

(i)     A  significant  reduction in the duties of Executive  from
those  applicable to him immediately  prior to the date on
which a Change of Control occurs,

(ii)    A  reduction  in  Executive's   annual  salary  or  target
opportunity   under  any  applicable  bonus  or  incentive
compensation  plan from that  provided to him  immediately
prior to the date on which a Change of Control occurs;

(iii)   Receipt of employee benefits  (including,  but not limited
to medical, dental, life insurance,  accidental death, and
dismemberment,   and  long-term   disability   plans)  and
perquisites by Executive that are materially  inconsistent
with the employee benefits and perquisites provided by the
Company to executives with comparable duties;

(iv)   A change in the location of Executive's principal place of
employment  by the  Company by more than 50 miles from the
location  where he was  principally  employed  immediately
prior to the date on which a Change of Control occurs, or

(v)   A  change  encompassed  by  paragraph  2.3  (i)(c)  of the
Employment Agreement dated November 16, 1998, between
Executive and the Company.

(b)                "Change of Control" means the occurrence of either of
the following events:


1
<PAGE>

(i)    The Company (A) shall not be the  surviving  entity in any
merger, consolidation or other reorganization (or survives
only as a subsidiary  of an entity other than a previously
wholly-owned  subsidiary  of the  Company) or (B) is to be
dissolved  and  liquidated,  and  as a  result  of  or  in
connection  with such  transaction,  the  persons who were
directors  of the Company  before such  transaction  shall
cease to constitute a majority of the Board;

(ii)   Any person or entity,  including a "group" as contemplated
by Section  13(d)(3)  of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of
1934, as amended,  acquires or gains  ownership or control
(including,  without limitation,  power to vote) of 20% or
more of the  outstanding  shares of the  Company's  voting
stock (based upon voting power),  and as a result of or in
connection  with such  transaction,  the  persons who were
directors  of the Company  before such  transaction  shall
cease to constitute a majority of the Board; or

(iii)  The Company sells all or  substantially  all of the assets
of the Company to any other person or entity (other than a
wholly-owned  subsidiary  of the Company) in a transaction
that requires  shareholder  approval pursuant to the Texas
Business Corporation Act.

(c)                "Code" shall mean the Internal  Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended.

(d)                "Compensation" shall mean the greater of:

(i)    Executive's  annual  salary  plus his  Targeted  Incentive
Award  immediately  prior to the date on which a Change of
Control occurs, or

(ii) Executive's  annual salary plus his Targeted Incentive Award
at the time of his Involuntary Termination.

(e)    "Incentive  Award"  shall  mean the  amount of any  award  issued
pursuant to the Edge Petroleum  Corporation  Incentive Award Plan
or any plan or program successor thereto.

(f)    "Involuntary   Termination"   shall  mean  any   termination   of
Executive's employment with the Company which:

(i)    does not result from a  resignation  by  Executive  (other
than  a  resignation  pursuant  to  Clause  (ii)  of  this
paragraph  (f)) or a  resignation  at the  request  of the
Company; or

(ii)   results from a  resignation  by Executive on or before the
date  which is  sixty  days  after  the  date  upon  which
Executive receives notice of a Change in Duties; provided,
however,  the term  "Involuntary  Termination"  shall  not
include a Termination  for Cause or any  termination  as a
result of death,  disability under circumstances entitling
him to benefits under the Company's  long-term  disability
plan, or Retirement.

(g)      "Retirement" shall mean Executive's  voluntary  resignation on
or after  December 31, 2006 (other than a  resignation  within
sixty  days  after  the date  Executive  receives  notice of a
change  in  Duties  or a  resignation  at the  request  of the
Company).


2
<PAGE>

(h)     "Severance Amount" shall mean an amount equal to _______ times
Executive's Compensation,  reduced by the present value of any
salary  continuation  payments  payable to Executive under the
Employment  Agreement  between the  Company and the  Executive
effective  as of November 16, 1998 or any  successor  thereto.
Such  present  value  shall be  determined  using  the rate of
interest  referred to in Paragraph 4 hereof as of the last day
of Executive's employment with the Company.

(i)    "Targeted  Incentive Award" shall mean  Executive's  Incentive
Target,  if any, as set forth under the  Incentive  Award Plan
effective  for the year with  respect  to which  such award is
being  determined,  if any, or for the last  preceding year in
which an Incentive Award was in effect,  expressed as a dollar
amount based on such Executive's annual salary for such year.

(j)    "Termination  for Cause" shall mean termination of Executive's
employment by the Company (or its  subsidiaries)  by reason of
Executive's  gross   negligence,   gross  neglect  or  willful
misconduct  in the  performance  of his duties or  Executive's
final  conviction  of a felony or of a  misdemeanor  involving
moral turpitude, excluding misdemeanor convictions relating to
the operation of a motor vehicle.

(k)    "Welfare Benefit  Coverages"  shall mean the medical,  dental,
life,  insurance,   accidental  death  and  dismemberment  and
long-term  disability coverages provided by the Company to its
active employees.

2.         Services.  Executive  agrees  that he  will  render  services  to the
Company  (as well as any  subsidiary  thereof or  successor  thereto)
during the period of his employment to the best of his ability and in
a prudent and businesslike manner.

3.         Severance Benefits.  If Executive's  employment by the Company or any
subsidiary  thereof  or  successor  thereto  shall be  subject  to an
Involuntary  Termination which occurs within two years after the date
upon  which a Change  of  Control  occurs,  then  Executive  shall be
entitled to receive, as additional compensation for services rendered
to the Company (including its subsidiaries),  the following severance
benefits:

(a)    A lump sum cash  payment  in an  amount  equal to  Executive's
Severance Amount.

(b)    A lump sum cash  payment in an amount  equal to the  remaining
portion  of any award to  Executive  under  any  prior  years'
Incentive   Award.   Further,   if   Executive's   Involuntary
Termination  occurs  on or after  the  date an award  has been
earned under the Incentive  Award Plan,  but prior to the date
such award is paid, Executive shall receive an additional lump
sum cash  payment in an amount  equal to his Target  Incentive
Award.

(c)      Executive  shall be entitled to continue the Welfare Benefit
Coverages for himself and,  where  applicable,  his eligible
dependents  following his Involuntary  Termination for up to
thirty-six months, as long as Executive  continues either to
pay the premiums paid by active employees of the Company for
such coverages or to pay the actual  (nonsubsidized) cost of
such  coverages for which the Company does not subsidize for
active  employees.  Such benefit  rights shall apply only to
those  Welfare  Benefit  Coverages  which the Company has in
effect  from  time to time  for  active  employees,  and the
applicable  payments  shall  adjust as  premiums  for active
employees  of the  Company  or actual  costs,  whichever  is
applicable, change.


3
<PAGE>


Welfare  Benefit  Coverage(s)  shall  immediately  end  upon
Executive's obtainment of new employment and eligibility for
similar  Welfare Benefit  coverage(s)  (with Executive being
obligated  hereunder to promptly report such  eligibility to
the  Company).  Nothing  herein shall be deemed to adversely
affect in any way the additional rights, after consideration
of this  extension  period,  of  Executive  and his eligible
dependents to health care continuation  coverage as required
pursuant to Part 6 of Title I of the  Employment  Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

(d)    Executive shall be entitled to receive out-placement  services
in connection  with  obtaining new  employment up to a maximum
cost of $6,000, if Executive is seeking new employment.

(e)     The severance  benefits  payable under this agreement shall be
paid to the  Executive  on or  before  the fifth day after the
last  day of  Executive's  employment  with the  Company.  Any
severance  benefits  paid pursuant to this  paragraph  will be
deemed to be a severance  payment and not compensation for the
purposes of determining benefits under the Company's qualified
plans and shall be subject to any required tax withholding.

4.      Interest  on Late  Benefit  Payments.  If any  payment  provided  for in
Paragraph  3(a) or 3(b) hereof is not made when due,  the Company  shall
pay to Executive  interest on the amount payable from the date that such
payment should have been made under such paragraph until such payment is
made,  which  interest  shall  be  calculated  at a  rate  equal  to two
percentage  points over the prime or base rate of interest  announced by
Chase Bank of Texas, N.A. for successor thereto) at its principal office
in Houston, Texas and shall change when and as such change in such prime
base rate shall be announced by such bank.

5.      Certain Additional Payments by the Company.  Notwithstanding anything to
the  contrary  in this  Agreement,  in the  event  that any  payment  or
distribution by the Company to or for the benefit of Executive,  whether
paid or  distributed  or  distributable  pursuant  to the  terms of this
Agreement or otherwise (a "Payment"), would be subject to the excise tax
imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or any  interest or  penalties  with
respect to such  excise tax (such  excise  tax,  together  with any such
interest or penalties,  are hereinafter  collectively referred to as the
"Excise Tax"), the Company shall pay to Executive an additional  payment
(a "Gross-up Payment") in an amount such that after payment by Executive
of all taxes (including an interest or penalties imposed with respect to
such taxes),  including any Excise Tax imposed on any Gross-up  Payment,
Executive  retains an amount of the Gross-up Payment equal to the Excise
Tax imposed upon the payment.  The Company and  Executive  shall make an
initial  determination  as to whether a Gross-up Payment is required and
the amount of any such  Gross-up  Payment.  Executive  shall  notify the
Company in writing of any claim by the Internal  Revenue  Service which,
if successful,  would require the Company to make a Gross-up Payment (or
a Gross-up  Payment in excess of that, if any,  initially  determined by
the Company and Executive) within ten days of the receipt of such claim.
The Company shall notify Executive in writing at least ten days prior to
the due date of any response  required  with respect to such claim if it
plans to  contest  the claim.  If the  Company  decides to contest  such
claim,  Executive shall cooperate fully with the Company in such action;
provided, however, the Company shall bear and pay directly or indirectly
all cost and expenses  (including  additional  interest  and  penalties)
incurred in  connection  with such action and shall  indemnify  and hold
Executive harmless,  on an after-tax basis, for any Excise Tax or income
tax, including interest and penalties with respect thereto, imposed as a
result of the Company's

4
<PAGE>

action. If, as a result of the Company's action with respect to a claim,
Executive  receives  a refund of any  amount  paid by the  Company  with
respect to such claim,  Executive  shall promptly pay such refund to the
Company. If the Company fails to timely notify Executive whether it will
contest such claim or the Company  determines not to contest such claim,
then the Company shall  immediately pay to Executive the portion of such
claim, if any, which it has not previously paid to Executive.

6.                General.

(a)     Term. The effective  date of this Agreement is  _______________.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be the period beginning
on said effective date and ending on the two-year anniversary of
said effective  date.  Within sixty days after the expiration of
this  Agreement  and within  sixty  days  after each  successive
two-year  period of time  thereafter  that this  Agreement is in
effect,  the  Company  shall  have  the  right  to  review  this
Agreement, and in its sole discretion either continue and extend
this Agreement, terminate this Agreement, and/or offer Executive
a different  agreement.  The Board  (excluding any member of the
Board who is covered by this Agreement or by a similar agreement
with the Company) will vote on whether to so extend,  terminate,
and/or  offer  Executive a different  agreement  and will notify
Executive of such action before the end of said  sixty-day  time
period  mentioned  above.  This Agreement shall remain in effect
until so terminated  and/or modified by the Company.  Failure of
the Board to take any action within said  sixty-day  time period
shall be  considered  as an extension of this  Agreement  for an
additional two-year period of time.  Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained in this "sunset  provision," it is agreed
that if a Change of Control  occurs  while this  Agreement is in
effect,  then this Agreement shall not be subject to termination
or modification under this "sunset  provision," and shall remain
in force for a period of two years after such Change of Control,
and if within said two years the contingency factors occur which
would entitle Executive to the benefits as provided herein, this
Agreement  shall remain in effect in accordance  with its terms.
If,  within  such two  years  after a  Change  of  Control,  the
contingency   factors  that  would  entitle  Executive  to  said
benefits  do  not  occur,   thereupon   this  two-year   "sunset
provision"  shall again be applicable  with the  sixty-day  time
period  for  Board  action  shall  thereafter  commence  at  the
expiration of said two years after such Change of Control and on
each two-year anniversary date thereafter.

(b)     Indemnification. If Executive shall obtain any money judgment or
otherwise  prevail  with  respect to any  litigation  brought by
Executive or the Company to enforce or interpret  any  provision
contained herein,  the Company,  to the fullest extent permitted
by  applicable  law,  hereby   indemnifies   Executive  for  his
reasonable  attorneys' fees and  disbursements  incurred in such
litigation  and  hereby  agrees (i) to pay in full all such fees
and  disbursements  and (ii) to pay prejudgment  interest on any
money judgment obtained by Executive from the earliest date that
payment to him should have been made under this Agreement  until
such judgment shall have been paid in full, which interest shall
be calculated at a rate equal to two percentage  points over the
prime or base rate of interest announced by Chase Bank of Texas,
N.A.  (or any  successor  thereto)  at its  principal  office in
Houston,  Texas, and shall change when and as any such change in
such prime or base rate shall be announced by such bank.

(c)     Payment Obligations Absolute. The Company's obligation to pay or
cause one of its  subsidiaries to pay) Executive the amounts and
to make the  arrangement  provided  herein shall be absolute and
unconditional and shall not be affected by any


5
<PAGE>

circumstances,   including,  without  limitation,  any  set-off,
counterclaim,  recoupment,  defense  or other  right  which  the
Company  (including  its  subsidiaries)  may have against him or
anyone else. All amounts  payable by the Company  (including its
subsidiaries  hereunder) shall be paid without notice or demand.
Executive  shall not be  obligated to seek other  employment  in
mitigation of the amounts payable or arrangements made under any
provision  of  this  Agreement,   and,  except  as  provided  in
Paragraph  3  (c)  hereof,  the  obtaining  of  any  such  other
employment  shall  in no  event  effect  any  reduction  of  the
Company's obligations to make (or cause to be made) the payments
and arrangements required to be made under this Agreement.

(d)    Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the  Company  and any  successor  of the  Company,  by
merger,  combination,  asset sale or  otherwise.  This  Agreement
shall also be binding  upon and inure to the benefit of Executive
and his estate.  If Executive  shall die prior to full payment of
amounts due pursuant to this  Agreement,  such  amounts  shall be
payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement to his estate.

(e)    Severability. Any provision in this Agreement which is prohibited
or  unenforceable in any jurisdiction by reason of applicable law
shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective only to the extent
of such prohibition or unenforceability  without  invalidating or
affecting  the  remaining   provisions   hereof,   and  any  such
prohibition or  unenforceability  in any  jurisdiction  shall not
invalidate or render  unenforceable  such  provision in any other
jurisdiction.

(f)            Non-Alienation.  Executive  shall not have any  right to  pledge,
hypothecate,  anticipate  or assign this  Agreement or the rights
hereunder,   except   by  will  or  the  laws  of   descent   and
distribution.

(g)    Notices. Any notices or other communications provided for in this
Agreement  shall  be  sufficient  if in  writing.  In the case of
Executive,  such notices or  communications  shall be effectively
delivered if hand  delivered to Executive at his principal  place
of  employment  or if sent by  registered  or  certified  mail to
Executive at the last  address he has filed with the Company.  In
the case of the Company,  such notices or communications shall be
effectively  delivered if sent by registered or certified mail to
the Company at its principal executive offices.

(h)    Controlling  Law.  This  Agreement  shall  be  governed  by,  and
construed  in  accordance  with,  the laws of the State of Texas.
Further,  Executive  agrees that any legal  proceeding to enforce
the  provisions  of this  Agreement  shall be brought in Houston,
Harris  County,  Texas,  and hereby waives his right to any pleas
regarding subject matter or personal jurisdiction and venue.

(i)    Release.  As a  condition  to the  receipt of any  benefit  under
paragraph 3 hereof,  Executive shall first execute a release,  in
the form established by the Company,  releasing the Company,  its
shareholders, partners, officers, directors, employees and agents
from any and all  claims and from any and all causes of action of
any  kind  or  character   (except   claims  arising  under  this
Agreement),  including but not limited to all claims or causes of
action arising out of Executive's employment with the Company or,
with the  exception  of  rights  provided  in any  other  written
agreement  between the Company and Executive,  the termination of
such employment.


6
<PAGE>

(j)    Full  Settlement.  If  Executive  is entitled to and receives the
benefits  provided  hereunder,  performance of the obligations of
the Company  hereunder  will  constitute  full  settlement of all
claims that executive might otherwise  assert against the Company
on account of this termination of employment,  except such claims
as may be asserted  pursuant to any other  agreement  between the
Company and Executive.

(k)    Unfunded  Obligation.  The  obligation  to pay amounts under this
Agreement is an unfunded obligation of the Company (including its
subsidiaries),  and no such obligation shall create a trust or be
deemed to be secured by any pledge or encumbrance on any property
of the Company (including its subsidiaries).

(l)    Not a Contract of Employment.  This Agreement shall not be deemed
to constitute a contract of  employment,  nor shall any provision
hereof affect (i) the right of the Company (or its  subsidiaries)
to discharge Executive at will, subject to the terms of any other
agreement   between  the  Company  (or  its   subsidiaries)   and
Executive,  or  (ii)  the  terms  and  conditions  of  any  other
agreement  between the Company and  Executive  except as provided
herein.

(m)    Number and Gender. Wherever appropriate herein, words used in the
singular  shall  include the plural and the plural shall  include
the singular.  The masculine  gender where appearing herein shall
be deemed to include the feminine gender.

(n)    Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may be  executed  in one or  more
counterparts,  each of which  shall be deemed to be an  original,
but all of  which  together  will  constitute  one  and the  same
Agreement.

(o)    Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only
and shall be disregarded in construing this Agreement.

IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  THE PARTIES  HERETO HAVE  EXECUTED  THIS  AGREEMENT ON THE
_________ DAY OF ___________________, 19_____.


"Executive"


John W. Elias

"Company"
Edge Petroleum Corporation

By:  ______________________________

Name:  Vincent S. Andrews
Title:  Chairman, Compensation Committee
of Board of Directors


7
<PAGE>


Agreements  identical  to the  forgoing  were  entered  into by and between Edge
Petroleum  Corporation  and Officers of the Company and  differences  are listed
within the following schedule:


Schedule

Severance
Name                           Amount (per Sec. 1.h)
John W. Elias                          2.99
Michael G. Long                        2.00
Brian C. Baumler                       1.25

<PAGE>


