






Severance Agreement



Exhibit 99.1
SEVERANCE AND RELEASE AGREEMENT
THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of this the
day of April, 2008, by and between Robert J. Skandalaris (hereinafter “Skandalaris”), Noble International, Ltd. (hereinafter the “Company”) and any and all of its subsidiaries and affiliates
(hereinafter referred to collectively as “Noble”).
AGREEMENT
WHEREAS, Skandalaris is currently an Officer of the Company and the Chairman of the Board of Directors.
WHEREAS, on or about January 1, 2002, Skandalaris entered into an employment agreement with the Company.
WHEREAS, Skandalaris and Noble agree that it would be in their best interests to sever their employment relationship;
WHEREAS, Skandalaris and Noble have met and reached a full agreement and understanding concerning the severance of their employment relationship;

WHEREAS, this Severance and Release Agreement is intended to set forth, and does set forth, all terms and conditions of
Skandalaris’ termination of employment.
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties to this Severance and Release Agreement have mutually and
voluntarily agreed to resolve their disputes in sole consideration for the promises and covenants set forth as follows:
1. Upon the
execution of this Severance and Release Agreement by the parties, Skandalaris voluntarily resigns from his employment with Noble effective no later than April 21, 2008. Skandalaris shall resign from all positions and offices held with Noble,
its entities and affiliates.







2. The Company agrees to pay Skandalaris severance payments equal to One Million Two Hundred Thousand and
00/100 Dollars ($1,200,000.00), to be paid in equal installments over a period of three (3) years from the date hereof, consistent with the Company’s current payroll period and practices , subject to deductions for local, state, federal or
FICA taxes, as applicable.
3. The Company shall continue Skandalaris’ currently elected health care for a period of three
(3) years from the date hereof (the “Health Care Coverage Period”) either directly through a Company sponsored plan or through payment of his COBRA. All other perquisites and other employee benefits shall cease immediately.

4. For a period of two (2) years from the date hereof, the Company shall (a) provide the use of certain space within the
Company’s corporate offices pursuant to the terms of a Sublease to be entered into between the Company and Quantum Ventures of Michigan, LLC, (b) provide Robert J. Skandalaris with an administrative assistant at an annual salary not to
exceed Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00), plus normal and ordinary benefits provided by the Company (the “Administrative Assistant”), provided, however, that the administrative assistant shall not be eligible for any incentive bonuses
provided by the Company; and (c) IT services and support on behalf of Quantum Ventures of Michigan, LLC.
5. Skandalaris, on behalf of
himself, his agents, representatives, executors, heirs, administrators, assigns and all those acting on his behalf, agrees to release, acquit, and forever discharge Noble, its agents, employees, officers, directors, subsidiaries and related or
controlled entities, affiliates, parent, shareholders, representatives, executors, heirs, administrators, successors, and assigns (“Released Parties”) from any and all claims and causes of action for personal or monetary relief, whether
known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, foreseen or unforeseen, liquidated or unliquidated, which he ever had or now has against the Released Parties, relating to his employment or his service as officer or Director of Noble, including but not
limited to all claims and/or causes of action in any way related to Skandalaris’ hire,



2









employment or termination of employment, including, but not limited to, any claims of discrimination, breach of contract, actual and/or constructive
discharge, retaliation or defamation (“Released Claims”). This release also includes, but is not limited to, any claims under the federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (as amended) (ADEA) and the Older Workers Benefit
Protection Act (OWBPA), which prohibits discrimination on the basis of age. Skandalaris waives and releases any and all rights, entitlements or benefits provided in his Employment Agreement effective January 1, 2002, Amendment Number 1 to
Employment Agreement effective May, 2003, or any other Employment Agreements or Amendments (“Employment Agreement”). Skandalaris agrees and acknowledges that other than the consideration contained in Paragraphs 2-4 of this Severance and
Release Agreement, he is not entitled to any other compensation whatsoever including but not limited to severance payment, present or future commissions or bonuses, stock or stock options, or any other additional monies, benefits or payment from
Noble and the Released Parties, in connection with his role as an employee of Noble. Skandalaris also agrees to refrain from initiating a lawsuit involving any of the Released Claims against the Released Parties for any reason other than for breach
of this Severance and Release Agreement.
6. To the fullest extent permitted by the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws
and the Delaware General Corporation Law, Noble hereby releases Skandalaris from any and all claims and causes of action currently known or suspected (“Currently Known or Suspected Claims”) which it ever had or now has against Skandalaris
and agrees to indemnify and hold Skandalaris harmless against any costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages or liabilities incurred in connection with any claim, action, suit, proceeding
or investigation, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, arising out of matters relating to Skandalaris’ employment as an employee or officer, as well as his conduct as a Director of Noble, with the exception of any
intentional crimes or reckless, illegal or unlawful actions committed by Skandalaris falling outside the scope of his duties as an employee, officer or Director of Noble.



3








7. The parties acknowledge that they may in the future discover facts different from or in addition to
those which they now know or believe to be true with respect to the matters which are the subject of this Severance and Release Agreement and agree that this Severance and Release Agreement shall remain in effect in all respects, notwithstanding the
discovery or existence of different or additional facts. However, this Severance and Release Agreement does not waive or release any claims or rights that arise in the future. The parties intend this Agreement to release fully, finally and forever
the Released Claims described in Paragraph 5 and the Currently Known or Suspected Claims described in Paragraph 6, and to further this intention the parties agree that this Severance and Release Agreement shall remain in effect and enforceable as
full and complete release of such Released Claims and such Currently Known or Suspected Claims, respectively, notwithstanding the discovery or existence of different or additional facts relevant to those claims. Notwithstanding any provision in this
Severance and Release Agreement to the contrary, such releases shall not release any duties or obligations of either party under this Severance and Release Agreement.
8. Skandalaris shall continue to be indemnified for acts and omissions occurring on or prior to the date hereof to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law and pursuant to the corporate governance documents
of the Company in accordance with their terms as in effect from time to time. The Company agrees that for purposes of this Section it shall interpret and/or apply any provision of applicable law or any corporate governance document relating to
indemnification (including advancement of expenses) with respect to Skandalaris in a manner consistent with how such provisions are interpreted and applied by the Company . Skandalaris shall be covered under the Company’s directors’ and
officers’ liability insurance policies in effect from time to time on the same basis that other former directors and officers are covered.


4








9. In entering into this Severance and Release Agreement, each party warrants that they or it have done
so voluntarily and of their own accord without reliance on any inducement, promise or representation by any other party except those which are expressly set forth in this Severance and Release Agreement. Skandalaris represents and warrants that he
has the sole right and exclusive authority to execute this Severance and Release Agreement; and that he has not sold, signed, transferred, conveyed or otherwise disposed of any claim or demand relating to any matter covered in this Severance and
Release Agreement.
10. The parties agree to act hereafter in a professional and non-retaliatory manner, refraining from making disparaging
remarks, innuendos, gestures, insinuations, actions, or other verbal, nonverbal, written, electronic or other similar such expression concerning each other.
11. Skandalaris agrees that if contacted by Noble, for information relating to business operations or other matters, he will be responsive, cooperative and, if necessary, make himself available (at a time convenient
to Skandalaris). Skandalaris also agrees to cooperate with respect to the defense of any lawsuit that relates to his performance of his duties while employed at Noble. Such cooperation includes meeting with Noble’s attorneys at reasonable dates
and times, providing requested information.
12. In consideration of the recitals and the mutual agreements contained herein, for the
periods prescribed in Article IV of the Employment Agreement and Article IV of the Standstill and Stockholder Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2007, among Noble, Skandalaris and ArcelorMittal (formerly called Arcelor), Skandalaris shall not,
without Noble’s and ArcelorMittal’s (as applicable) prior written consent, breach, violate or fail to comply with any of the provisions of such articles; provided, however, that Skandalaris may solicit the employment of, and may hire,
James Lee Skandalaris and Michael C. Azar.
13. In consideration of the recitals and the mutual agreements contained herein, Skandalaris
acknowledges that he remains obligated to keep confidential and not disclose or use, directly or indirectly,



5









on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person or business entity, any Confidential Information obtained through his employment as long as the
information remains confidential. “Confidential Information” is defined as oral or written, financial, technical and other information concerning the business affairs and potential or proposed business affairs of Noble that is not
generally known in the trade or industry and that Noble considers to be confidential including, but not limited to that relating to the property, business, financing, marketing, business methods, pricing, sales, technology, processes, procedures,
plans, projections, strategy, business developments, trade secrets, proprietary information, service capabilities, potential transactions, engagements, customers and methods of Noble and/or its parent and affiliated entities. Skandalaris
acknowledges that a breach or threatened breach of this paragraph will result in Noble suffering irreparable harm that cannot be calculated or fully or adequately compensated by recovery of damages alone. Accordingly, Noble is entitled to equitable
relief, including interim or permanent injunctive relief, specific performance, or other equitable remedies in the event of any breach of this or any of the other of the provisions of this agreement, in addition to all other remedies which may be
available to Noble.
14. In the event that Skandalaris is requested or required (by oral questions, interrogatories, requests for
information or documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand or other process) to disclose any trade secrets, confidential or proprietary information, it is agreed that Skandalaris will provide Noble with prompt notice of any such request or
requirement (written if practical) so that Noble may seek an appropriate protective order or waive Skandalaris’ compliance with the provisions of this agreement. In any event, Skandalaris will not oppose action by Noble to obtain appropriate
protective order or other relief.
15. In the event that any legal action is commenced by any party to seek enforcement of this Severance
and Release Agreement or damages for its breach, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its costs and reasonable attorney fees incurred in connection with that action.


6








16. Skandalaris understands and agrees that he has been given 21 days (or more) within which to consider
this Severance and Release Agreement. Skandalaris has read and fully understands the terms of this Severance and Release Agreement.
17.
Skandalaris understands and agrees that he may revoke this Severance and Release Agreement for a period of seven (7) calendar days following the execution of this Severance and Release Agreement (the “Revocation Period”). This
Severance and Release Agreement is not effective until this revocation period has expired. Skandalaris understands that any revocation, to be effective, must be in writing and either (a) postmarked within seven (7) days of execution of
this Severance and Release Agreement and addressed to Michael Azar, Noble International, Ltd., 840 West Long Lake Road, Suite 601, Troy Michigan 48098 or (b) hand-delivered within seven (7) days of execution of this Severance and Release
Agreement to Michael Azar. Skandalaris understands that if revocation is made by mail, mailing by certified mail, return receipt requested, is recommended to show proof of mailing. No payments under this Agreement will be made until the expiration
of the seven-day revocation period.
18. No waiver, modification or amendment of any term, condition or provision of this Severance and
Release Agreement shall be valid or have any force or effect unless made in writing and signed by the parties.
19. Skandalaris
acknowledges that he has read this Severance and Release Agreement and that he understands the contents and the meaning and effect thereof. Skandalaris acknowledges that he was advised to consult with an attorney prior to signing the Agreement, and
that he has signed this Severance and Release Agreement voluntarily without any duress or coercion. Each party shall bear its own costs and attorneys fees.
20. This Severance and Release Agreement is made and entered into in the State of Michigan and shall be interpreted, enforced and governed under the law of that State. Any action or proceeding



7









relating to or arising out of this Severance and Release Agreement shall be brought and maintained in the Macomb County Circuit Court and the parties hereby
submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such court and stipulate that such forum is convenient to the parties for the purpose of trial of such action or proceeding.
21. In the event that any covenant, condition or other provision contained in this Agreement is held to be invalid, void or illegal by any court of competent jurisdiction, the same shall be deemed severable from the
remainder of this Agreement and shall in no way effect, impair or invalidate any other covenant, condition or other provision contained in this Agreement.
22. This Severance and Release Agreement is deemed drafted by all parties.
23. This Severance and Release
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.




ROBERT J. SKANDALARIS



NOBLE INTERNATIONAL, LTD.


BY:
ITS:




8


