








Exhibit 10.1
SEVERANCE AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE

THIS SEVERANCE AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE (the "Agreement"), dated as of
March 1, 2005, is by and between CIRCUIT CITY STORES, INC. (the "Company"),  and
John W. Froman (the "Employee").

Background Statement

In consideration for the Employee's  resignation of employment
effective  March 1, 2005,  the  Company  has  determined  that it is in the best
interests of the Company and its shareholders to enter into this Agreement which
provides the Employee  with a severance  benefit and change of control  benefit.
Upon execution of this Agreement,  any prior employment agreement by and between
Employee and the Company, whether oral or written, will have no force and effect
with respect to the terms and conditions of the  Employee's  employment and will
be replaced and superseded by the terms of this Agreement.

NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the  promises  and  of  the  mutual
covenants and agreements set forth herein, the parties,  intending legally to be
bound, hereto agree as follows:

Article 1.  Severance Payment.

(a)  Beginning  March 2, 2005 and ending December 31, 2005, the Company will pay
to the  Employee an amount  equal to two (2) times the  Employee's  current Base
Salary of $650,000  and the  Employee's  current  target  Annual Bonus of eighty
percent  (80%) of Base  Salary in equal  monthly  installments  or as  otherwise
determined by the Company;

(b)  The Company  shall also pay to the  Employee a target  Annual Bonus for the
2005 fiscal year in an amount  which is equal to the greater of: (i) $520,000 or
(ii) the amount of bonus pay-out for fiscal year 2005 that  Employee  would have
received  based  upon the  Company's  performance  level  under the 2003  Annual
Performance-Based  Bonus Plan,  as certified by the  Compensation  and Personnel
Committee.  Such payment shall be made to Employee by April 15, 2005, or as soon
thereafter as administratively practical;

(c)  The Company shall continue,  at the same cost to the Employee as existed as
of the effective  date of this  Agreement,  all health and welfare  benefit plan
participation for two (2) full years beginning March 2, 2005; provided, however,
that the applicable COBRA "period of coverage" under any plan subject to Section
4980B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or Sections
601 through 609 of the Employee  Retirement  Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA)
shall  begin  as of  March  1,  2005,  the  effective  date  of  the  Employee's
resignation;

(d)  The Company shall also provide the Employee with outplacement  services not
to exceed a cost of fifty thousand  dollars  ($50,000),  provided,  however that
such services must be performed on or before December 31, 2005;

(e)  The following  unvested stock  options,  outstanding  restricted  stock and
restricted stock units will vest or become exercisable as of March 2, 2005:

(i) 16, 667 shares of restricted  stock which were awarded on June 13, 2000
and were originally scheduled to vest on June 13, 2005;

(ii) 93,744  non-qualified  stock options with an option  exercise price of
$8.30 which were awarded on April 10, 2001 and were originally scheduled to
vest on April 10, 2005;

(iii) 13, 333 restricted stock units which were awarded on November 8, 2002
and were originally scheduled to vest on November 8, 2005;

(iv) 3,087  restricted  stock units which were awarded on November 22, 2002
and were originally scheduled to vest on November 8, 2005; and

(v) 155,000  non-qualified  stock options with an option  exercise price of
$7.395 which were awarded on June 17, 2003 and were originally scheduled to
vest on February 28, 2006.

Any stock  options  that are  already  vested  as of the date of this  Agreement
(March 1, 2005) will remain  vested and  exercisable  until  December  31, 2005.
Options that become  exercisable  under the terms of this  Agreement will remain
exercisable  through  December  31,  2005.  The  Employee  must  satisfy all tax
withholding requirements.

The  restricted  stock units  awarded on November 8, 2002 and  November 22, 2002
will remain subject to the "Alternate  Deferral  Restriction Period" outlined in
sections  six and  seven of the  award  agreements  dated  November  8, 2002 and
November  20, 2002,  respectively.  All  remaining  unvested  stock  options and
restricted  stock not  referenced in this Article 1,  including  all  restricted
stock grants issued under a performance based plan, are hereby forfeited; and

(f)  If a Change in Control  of the  Company,  as defined in Article  2.2 below,
should  occur during the period  beginning  March 2, 2005 and ending on December
31,  2005,  the  Employee  also shall be entitled to the  benefits as defined in
Article 2.


Article 2.  Change in Control.

2.1. Change in Control. This Article 2 shall not become effective,  and the
Company shall have no obligation  hereunder,  if a Change in Control (as defined
in Article 2.2 below) does not occur during the period  beginning  March 2, 2005
and ending on December 31, 2005.

2.2.  Definition  of Change in  Control.  Change in Control of the  Company
means,  and shall be deemed to have occurred,  upon the first to occur of any of
the following events:

(a)      The acquisition by any individual,  entity, or group (a "Person"),
including  a "person"  within the  meaning of Section  13(d)(3) or
14(d)(2) of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"Exchange  Act"), but excluding an Affiliate (as defined below) of
the Company,  of beneficial  ownership  within the meaning of Rule
13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, of 35 percent (35%)

2

or more of either: (i) the then outstanding shares of common stock
of the  Company  (the  "Outstanding  Common  Stock");  or (ii) the
combined  voting power of the then  outstanding  securities of the
Company  entitled to vote  generally  in the election of directors
(the "Outstanding Voting  Securities");  excluding,  however,  the
following:   (A)  any   acquisition   directly  from  the  Company
(excluding  an  acquisition  resulting  from  the  exercise  of an
option,   conversion  right,  or  exchange  privilege  unless  the
security  being so exercised,  converted or exchanged was acquired
directly from the Company);  (B) any  acquisition  by the Company;
(C) any acquisition by an employee benefit plan (or related trust)
sponsored  or  maintained  by  the  Company  or  any   corporation
controlled  by  the  Company;   or  (D)  any  acquisition  by  any
corporation  pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses
(i), (ii), and (iii) of subsection (c) of this Article 2.2;

(b)      Individuals who, as of the effective date, constitute the Board of
Directors  (the  "Incumbent   Board")  cease  for  any  reason  to
constitute  at least a majority of such Board;  provided  that any
individual who becomes a director of the Company subsequent to the
effective date, whose election,  or nomination for election by the
Company's  stockholders,  was  approved  by the vote of at least a
majority of the directors  then  comprising  the  Incumbent  Board
shall be  deemed a member of the  Incumbent  Board;  and  provided
further,  that  any  individual  who was  initially  elected  as a
director  of the  Company  as a result of an actual or  threatened
election  contest,  as such  terms  are  used in  Rule  14a-11  of
Regulation  14A  promulgated  under the Exchange Act, or any other
actual or threatened  solicitation of proxies or consents by or on
behalf of any Person  other  than the Board  shall not be deemed a
member of the Incumbent Board;

(c)      The consummation of a  reorganization,  merger or consolidation of
the Company or sale or other  disposition of all or  substantially
all of the  assets of the  Company  (a  "Corporate  Transaction");
excluding, however, a Corporate Transaction pursuant to which: (i)
all or  substantially  all of the  individuals or entities who are
the beneficial  owners,  respectively,  of the Outstanding  Common
Stock and the Outstanding  Voting Securities  immediately prior to
such Corporate  Transaction  will  beneficially  own,  directly or
indirectly,  more than sixty percent (60%) of,  respectively,  the
outstanding  shares of common stock, and the combined voting power
of the outstanding securities of such corporation entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the
corporation resulting from such Corporate Transaction  (including,
without  limitation,  a  corporation,  which as a  result  of such
transaction  owns the Company or all or  substantially  all of the
Company's  assets either directly or indirectly) in  substantially
the same  proportions  relative to each other as their  ownership,
immediately   prior  to  such   Corporate   Transaction,   of  the
Outstanding Common Stock and the Outstanding Voting Securities, as
the case may be; (ii) no Person  (other  than:  the  Company;  any
employee  benefit plan (or related trust)  sponsored or maintained
by the Company or any corporation  controlled by the Company;  the
corporation  resulting  from such Corporate  Transaction;  and any
Person  which  beneficially  owned,   immediately  prior  to  such
Corporate Transaction, directly or indirectly,

3

twenty-five  percent (25%) or more of the Outstanding Common Stock
or the  Outstanding  Voting  Securities,  as the case may be) will
beneficially  own,  directly or  indirectly,  twenty-five  percent
(25%)or more of,  respectively,  the outstanding  shares of common
stock of the corporation resulting from such Corporate Transaction
or the combined voting power of the outstanding securities of such
corporation   entitled  to  vote  generally  in  the  election  of
directors; and (iii) individuals who were members of the Incumbent
Board will  constitute  at least a majority  of the members of the
board  of  directors  of  the  corporation   resulting  from  such
Corporate Transaction; or

(d)      The consummation of a plan of complete  liquidation,  dissolution,
or sale of substantially all the assets of the Company.

For purposes of this Article 2, "Affiliate"  shall mean with reference to a
specified Person, any Person that directly or indirectly through one (1) or more
intermediaries  controls or is controlled by or is under common control with the
specified Person. For purposes of this definition,  "control"  (including,  with
correlative meaning, the terms "controlled by" and "under common control with"),
as used in  respect  to any  Person,  shall  mean the  possession,  directly  or
indirectly,  of the power to direct or cause the  direction  of  management  and
policies of such Person,  whether through  ownership of voting  securities or by
contract or otherwise.

2.3. Change-in-Control Severance Benefits. If at any time during the period
beginning  March 2, 2005 and ending on December 31,  2005,  there is a Change in
Control of the Company, the Company shall provide to the Employee the following:

(a)      A lump  sum  cash  payment  in an  amount  that  is  equal  to the
Employee's Base Salary ($650,000) and the Employee's target Annual
Bonus, which is eighty percent (80%) of the Employee's base salary
that  was in  effect  immediately  prior  to  the  March  1,  2005
effective  date  of the  Employee's  resignation,  payable  within
thirty (30) days of the effective date of the Change in Control or
as soon thereafter as administratively practical;

(b)      The Company  shall  continue,  at the same cost to the Employee as
existed as of the effective date of this Agreement, all health and
welfare  benefit  plan  participation  for  one (1)  full  year in
addition  to  the  coverage   provided  for  under  Article  1(c),
beginning March 2, 2007; and

(c)      A lump sum cash  payment  in an  amount  that is equal to the fair
market  value on the  effective  date of the  Change in Control of
95,000 shares of Circuit City Stores,  Inc. Common Stock,  payable
within  thirty  (30) days of the  effective  date of the Change in
Control, or as soon thereafter as administratively practical.

For the  purposes of this  Article  2.3,  the "fair  market  value" of shares of
Circuit  City Common Stock shall be  determined  as provided in the Circuit City
Stores, Inc. 2003 Stock Incentive Plan; provided,  that if the Change in Control
involves a Corporate  Transaction in which cash or securities are exchanged (the
"Exchange Consideration") for shares of Circuit City Stores, Inc.

4

Common Stock,  "fair market value" shall be determined  based on the fair market
value of the Exchange  Consideration  on the date the Corporate  Transaction  is
consummated.

2.4.  Excise  Tax  Equalization  Payment.  In  the  event  that  any of the
severance  benefits under this Agreement or any other  agreement with or plan of
the Company (in the aggregate, the "Total Payments"), will be subject to the tax
(the "Excise Tax") imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or any similar excise tax
that may hereafter be imposed,  the Company shall pay to the Employee in cash an
additional amount (the "Gross-Up Payment"), such that the net amount retained by
the Employee  after  deduction of any Excise Tax upon the Total Payments and any
federal,  state,  and local income tax and Excise Tax upon the Gross-Up  Payment
provided for by this Article 2.4  (including  FICA and FUTA),  shall be equal to
the Total Payments.  The Company shall make such payment to the Employee as soon
as  practicable  following  the  effective  date of a Change in  Control  of the
Company, but in no event beyond thirty (30) days from such date.

For  purposes  of  determining  the  amount of the  Gross-Up  Payment,  the
Employee  shall be deemed to pay federal  income  taxes at the highest  marginal
rate of federal  income  taxation  in the  calendar  year in which the  Gross-Up
Payment is to be made, and state and local income taxes at the highest  marginal
rate of taxation in the state and  locality of the  Employee's  residence on the
effective  date of a  Change  in  Control  of the  Company,  net of the  maximum
reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained from deduction of such
state and local taxes.

The Company's Compensation Committee shall determine, based upon the advice
of the Company's independent certified public accountants,  whether any payments
or benefits hereunder are subject to the Excise Tax.

Article 3.  Noncompetition and Confidentiality.

3.1.  Noncompetition.

(a)      During the Employee's employment and for a period of two (2) years
following the last day of the Employee's employment,  the Employee
shall not  directly  or  indirectly  compete  with the  Company by
engaging,  in a  competitive  capacity,  in any  business  that is
engaged in the same or similar  business  of the Company in one or
more Metropolitan  Statistical Areas ("MSAs") in which the Company
is doing business on the last day of the Employee's employment.  A
business  will not be  considered  to be in  competition  with the
Company for purposes of this paragraph  3.1(a) or paragraph 3.1(b)
below if:

(i)      The  business or the  operating  unit of the  business in
which the Employee is employed or with which the Employee
is associated  (collectively  the "Business Unit") is not
engaged in the retail sales of consumer electronics;

(ii)     If sales of the Business  Unit's  products or services in
the  retail  sales and  service of  consumer  electronics
constitute  less than ten percent  (10%) of such Business
Unit's sales; or

5

(iii)    If the sales of the Business Unit in the retail sales and
service of consumer  electronics do constitute  more than
ten percent (10%) of the sales of the Business  Unit, but
the  Business  Unit  solely  operates  outside  of  North
America.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed to prevent or
limit  the  right  of the  Employee  to  invest  in the  capital  stock or other
securities of any corporation  whose stock or securities are regularly traded on
any public  exchange,  nor shall anything herein  contained be deemed to prevent
Employee  from  investing  in real  estate for his own  benefit (as long as such
investment is not related to or in support of any entity  engaged in the same or
similar  business as the Company in competition  with the Company in one or more
MSA's in which the Company is doing business during the Employee's employment).

(b)      During the Employee's employment and for a period of two (2) years
following the last day of the Employee's employment,  the Employee
shall not  directly  or  indirectly  compete  with the  Company by
engaging,  in a competitive  capacity,  in any business engaged in
the same or similar  business  of the  Company in one or more MSAs
where, on the last day of the Employee's  employment,  the Company
is engaged in real  estate  site  selection  or has taken  further
steps toward the  commencement  of  operations  in the future,  of
which the Employee is aware.

(c)      The  Employee  agrees  that  competition,  as set forth in Article
3.1(a) above,  shall include,  but not be limited to,  engaging in
competitive activity,  as an individual,  as a partner, as a joint
venturer  with any other  person  or  entity,  or as an  employee,
agent, or representative of any other person or entity.

(d)      It is the specific  intent of the parties that the Employee  shall
be  restricted  from  competing  directly or  indirectly  with any
segment of the  Company's  business in which the Employee  engaged
prior to the last day of his  employment  and from any  segment of
the  Company's   business   about  which  the  Employee   acquired
proprietary or confidential  information  during the course of his
employment.

(e)      If any  provision of this Article 3.1 relating to the time period,
geographic  area  or  scope  of  restricted  activities  shall  be
declared  by a court  of  competent  jurisdiction  to  exceed  the
maximum time period,  geographic  area or scope of activities,  as
applicable, that such court deems reasonable and enforceable, said
time  period,  geographic  area or  scope of  activities  shall be
deemed to be,  and  thereafter  shall  become,  the  maximum  time
period,  scope of activities or largest  geographic area that such
court deems  reasonable and  enforceable  and this Agreement shall
automatically  be  considered  to have been amended and revised to
reflect such determination.

(f)      The Employee and the Company have examined in detail this Covenant
Not to  Compete  and agree  that the  restraint  imposed  upon the
Employee is reasonable in

6

light of the  legitimate  interests of the Company,  and it is not
unduly harsh upon the Employee's ability to earn a livelihood.

3.2.  Non-Solicitation  of Employees.  The Employee  agrees that during the
Employee's  employment  with  the  Company  and for a  period  of two (2)  years
following the last day of the  Employee's  employment,  the Employee  shall not,
directly or indirectly,  solicit or induce, or attempt to solicit or induce, any
employee of the Company to leave the Company for any reason  whatsoever  or hire
any  individual  employed by the  Company.  For  purposes of this  Article  3.2,
employee  shall mean any  individual  employed by the Company on the last day of
the Employee's employment or within the three-month period prior to the last day
of the Employee's employment.

3.3. Confidentiality. The Company has advised the Employee and the Employee
acknowledges  that it is the  policy of the  Company to  maintain  as secret and
confidential  all Protected  Information (as defined below),  and that Protected
Information has been and will be developed at substantial cost and effort to the
Company.  The Employee  agrees to hold in strict  confidence  and  safeguard any
information of or about the Company gained by the Employee in any manner or from
any source during the Employee's employment. The Employee shall not, without the
prior  written  consent of the  Company,  at any time,  directly or  indirectly,
divulge,  furnish,  use,  disclose  or  make  accessible  to any  person,  firm,
corporation,  association, or other entity (otherwise than as may be required in
the regular course of the Employee's  employment),  either during the Employee's
employment  with the  Company or  subsequent  to the last day of the  Employee's
employment,  any Protected  Information,  or cause any such  information  of the
Company to enter the public domain.

The Employee understands and agrees that any information, data and/or trade
secrets about Company or its suppliers  and/or  distributors  is the property of
the Company and is essential to the protection of the Company's  goodwill and to
the maintenance of the Company's  competitive position and accordingly should be
kept secret. For purposes of this Agreement, "Protected Information" means trade
secrets,  confidential  and  proprietary  business  information  of or about the
Company,  and any other  information of the Company,  including,  customer lists
(including potential customers), sources of supply, processes, plans, materials,
pricing  information,  internal memoranda,  marketing plans,  promotional plans,
internal policies, research,  purchasing,  accounting and financial information,
computer programs,  hardware,  software,  and products and services which may be
developed  from  time to time  by the  Company  and  its  agents  or  employees,
including the  Employee;  provided,  however,  that  information  that is in the
public domain (other than as a result of a breach of this  Agreement),  approved
for release by the Company or lawfully  obtained  from third parties who are not
bound  by a  confidentiality  agreement  with  the  Company,  is  not  Protected
Information.

Nothing  contained  in  this  Article  is  intended  to  reduce  in any way
protection available to the Company pursuant to the Uniform Trade Secrets Act as
adopted in Virginia or any other state or other  applicable  laws that  prohibit
the misuse or disclosure of confidential or proprietary information.

3.4  Acknowledgement of Covenants.  The parties hereto acknowledge that the
Employee's services are of a special, extraordinary,  and intellectual character
which gives

7

him/her unique value,  and that the business of the Company and its subsidiaries
is highly  competitive,  and that violation of any of the covenants  provided in
this Article 3 would cause immediate,  immeasurable, and irreparable harm, loss,
and damage to the Company not adequately  compensable by a monetary  award.  The
Employee  acknowledges  that the time, scope of activities and geographical area
restrained by the  provisions of this Article 3 are reasonable and do not impose
a greater  restraint  than is necessary to protect the goodwill of the Company's
business.  The  Employee  further  acknowledges  that  he and the  Company  have
negotiated  and bargained for the terms of this  Agreement and that the Employee
has received  adequate  consideration  for entering into this Agreement.  In the
event of any such breach or threatened breach by the Employee of any one or more
of  such  covenants,  the  Company  shall  be  entitled  to such  equitable  and
injunctive  relief as may be available to restrain the Employee  from  violating
the provisions  hereof.  Nothing  herein shall be construed as  prohibiting  the
Company from pursuing any other remedies  available at law or in equity for such
breach or threatened breach, including the recovery of damages and the immediate
termination of the employment of the Employee hereunder for cause.

Article 4. General  Release.  On his last day of  employment,  the Employee
agrees to  surrender  any and all  Company  property  within his  possession  or
control.  Further,  in  exchange  for the  consideration  set forth  above,  the
Employee  for himself,  his heirs,  and assigns,  hereby  releases  Circuit City
Stores,  Inc.,  and/or any affiliated or related  companies and their  officers,
stockholders,  directors,  employees and agents and their successors, heirs, and
assigns ("Released  Parties") of and from all manner of actions,  suits,  debts,
sums of money, accounts,  contracts,  promises,  damages,  claims and demands of
every  kind  or  character  whatsoever,  whether  presently  known  or  unknown,
suspected or  unsuspected,  under state or federal laws,  which Employee now has
against any  Released  Parties.  Specifically  included in this  release are any
claims in connection with the employment  relationship  between Employee and the
Company,  including  the  termination  thereof,  and such  claims due to alleged
breach of contract,  tort, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended
(which prohibits  discrimination based on race, sex, color, religion or national
origin), the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), the American with Disabilities Act
of  1990  (ADA)  (which  prohibits   discrimination   against  individuals  with
disabilities),  and/or any other  statute or any other right or claim that might
exist under federal, state or local law, including common law.

The Employee  understands and agrees that this General Release specifically
waives  all  rights  and  claims  he may have  under the Age  Discrimination  in
Employment Act, 29 U.S. ss. 621 et seq.

The Company and the Employee  represent and warrant that by the  provisions
of this  paragraph,  the Company has  advised  the  Employee in writing  that he
should  consult with an attorney  before  signing this  Severance  Agreement and
General Release and that the Company has given the Employee a period of at least
21 days within which to consider this Severance  Agreement and General  Release.
The Company and the Employee  agree that the Employee  shall have seven (7) days
after the execution of this Severance Agreement and General Release within which
to revoke  his  signature  and  consent  to this  Agreement.  The  Employee  has
carefully read the foregoing Release and understands the contents of the Release
and freely and voluntarily

8

assents to all terms and conditions  thereof and signs this Agreement freely and
on his own volition.

Article 5. Assignment; Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding
upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the parties hereto and
their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns;
provided, however, that in no event shall Employee have the right to assign his
rights or obligations under this Agreement. If the Company is merged with or
into another entity, such action shall not be considered to cause an assignment
of this Agreement and the surviving or successor entity shall become the
beneficiary of this Agreement and all references to the "Company" shall be
deemed to refer to such surviving or successor entity. No other Person shall be
a third-party beneficiary under this Agreement.

Article 6.  Complete  Agreement;  Waiver;  Amendment.  Employee has no oral
representations,  understandings,  or agreements  with the Company or any of its
officers, directors, or representatives covering the same subject matter as this
Agreement.  This Agreement is the final,  complete,  and exclusive statement and
expression of the agreement between the Company and Employee with respect to the
subject matter hereof and cannot be varied,  contradicted,  or  supplemented  by
evidence  of any  prior or  contemporaneous  oral or  written  agreements.  This
written  Agreement may not be later modified  except by a further writing signed
by a duly  authorized  officer of the Company and Employee,  and no term of this
Agreement  may be waived  except by a writing  signed by the party  waiving  the
benefit of such term.

Article 7. Notice.  Whenever any notice is required hereunder,  it shall be
given in writing addressed as follows:

To the Company:     Circuit City Stores, Inc.
Attention: Senior Vice President of Human Resources
9950 Mayland Drive
Richmond, VA 23233

To Employee:        John W. Froman
Richmond, VA

Notice shall be deemed given and  effective  three (3) days after the deposit in
the U.S.  mail of a writing  addressed  as set forth  above and sent first class
mail, certified return receipt requested,  or, if sent by express delivery, hand
delivery,  or  facsimile,  when actually  received.  Either party may change the
address  for  notice by notice to the other  party of such  change by  providing
Notice of such change within ten (10) days of such change.

Article 8.  Severability;  Headings.  If any portion of this  Agreement  is held
invalid or  inoperative,  the other portions of this  Agreement  shall be deemed
valid and operative and, so far as is reasonable  and possible,  effect shall be
given to the intent  manifested by the portion held invalid or inoperative.  The
paragraph  headings herein are for reference  purposes only and are not intended
in any way to describe,  interpret,  define or limit the extent or intent of the
Agreement or of any part hereof.

9

Article 9. Issue Resolution. Except for actions initiated by the Company to
enjoin a  breach  by,  and/or  recover  damages  from the  Employee  related  to
violation of any of the  restrictive  covenants in Article 3 of this  Agreement,
which  Company  may  bring  in an  appropriate  court  of  law  or  equity,  any
disagreement between the Employee and the Company concerning anything covered by
this  Agreement  or  concerning  other  terms or  conditions  of the  Employee's
employment or the  termination of the Employee's  employment  will be settled by
final  and  binding  arbitration  pursuant  to  the  Company's  Associate  Issue
Resolution Program.  The Dispute Resolution Agreement and the Dispute Resolution
Rules and  Procedures  are  incorporated  herein by reference as if set forth in
full in this Agreement. The decision of the arbitrator will be final and binding
on  both  the  Employee  and  the  Company  and may be  enforced  in a court  of
appropriate jurisdiction.

Article 10 Governing Law. This Agreement shall in all respects be construed
according to the laws of the  Commonwealth  of Virginia,  without  regard to its
conflict of laws principles.

IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto have caused this  Agreement to be
duly executed as of the date first written above.

CIRCUIT CITY STORES, INC.


/s/ W. Alan McCollough
W. Alan McCollough
Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer


EXECUTIVE

/s/ John W. Froman 2/24/05
John W. Froman, SSN:

10

