









<PAGE>

Exhibit 10.2


SEVERANCE AGREEMENT


THIS SEVERANCE AGREEMENT, dated as of March 1, 2000, is by and between
WORKFLOW MANAGEMENT, INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and PAUL
MACMILLAN (the "Executive").


Background Statement

The Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") has determined that it
is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to assure that the
Company will have the continued dedication of the Executive, notwithstanding the
possibility, threat or occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined in Section
2) of the Company.  The Board believes it is imperative to diminish the
inevitable distraction of the Executive by virtue of the personal uncertainties
and risks created by a pending or threatened Change of Control and to encourage
the Executive's full attention and dedication to the Company currently and in
the event of any threatened or pending Change of Control, and to provide the
Executive with compensation and benefits arrangements upon a Change of Control
which ensure that the compensation and benefits expectations of the Executive
will be satisfied and which are competitive with those of other corporations.
Therefore, in order to accomplish these objectives, the Board has caused the
Company to enter into this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual
covenants and agreements set forth herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.   Certain Definitions.

(a)  The "Effective Date" shall mean the first date during the Change
of Control Period (as defined in Section 1(b)) on which a Change of Control
occurs. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if a Change
of Control occurs and if the Executive's employment with the Company is
terminated prior to the date on which the Change of Control occurs, and if it is
reasonably demonstrated by the Executive that such termination of employment (i)
was at the request of a third party who has taken steps reasonably calculated to
effect the Change of Control or (ii) otherwise arose in connection with or
anticipation of the Change of Control, then for all purposes of this Agreement
the "Effective Date" shall mean the date immediately prior to the date of such
termination of employment.
<PAGE>

(b)  The "Change of Control Period" shall mean the period commencing
on the date hereof and ending on the third anniversary of such date, or such
later date as the Board of Directors of the Company and the Executives shall
agree.

2.   Change of Control.  For the purpose of this Agreement, a "Change of
Control" shall mean:

(a)  The acquisition by any individual, entity (other than the
Company, any Company subsidiary, any Company benefit plan or any underwriter
temporarily holding securities for an offering of such securities) or group
(within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) (a "Person") of beneficial
ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act)
of more than 50% the undiluted total voting power of the then outstanding
securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of
directors (the "Outstanding Company Voting Securities") or;

(b)  Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board (the
"Incumbent Board") cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the
Board; provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to
the date hereof whose election, or nomination for election by the Company's
shareholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors
then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such
individual were a member of the Incumbent Board; or

(c)  Approval by the shareholders of the Company of a reorganization,
merger or consolidation, in each case, unless, following such reorganization,
merger or consolidation, no less than 50% of the combined voting power of the
then outstanding voting securities of such corporation entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors is then beneficially owned, directly or
indirectly, by all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were
the beneficial owners of the Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately
prior to such reorganization, merger or consolidation in substantially the same
proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such reorganization, merger
or consolidation, of the Outstanding Company Voting Securities; or

(d)  Approval by the shareholders of the Company of (i) a complete
liquidation or dissolution of the Company or the sale or other disposition of
all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, and (ii) the subsequent
consummation of such liquidation, dissolution, sale or disposition.

3.   Employment Period; Other Agreements.

(a)  The Company hereby agrees to continue the Executive in its
employ, and the Executive hereby agrees to remain in the employ of the Company,
in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement, for the period
commencing

<PAGE>

on the Effective Date and ending on the third anniversary of such date (the
"Employment Period").

(b)  The rights and obligations of the Company and the Executive
hereunder are separate from and independent of the rights and obligations of
such parties under that certain Employment Agreement between the Company and the
Executive, dated as of March 1, 2000, as may be amended or supplemented from
time to time (in either case, the "Existing Employment Agreement), provided that
all base salary, bonus compensation, severance payments, employee benefits and
other amounts paid or benefits provided under the Existing Employment Agreement
shall be credited against amounts due to Executive hereunder.

4.    Terms of Employment.

(a)  Position and Duties.

(i)  During the Employment Period, (A) the Executive's position
(including status, offices, titles and reporting requirements), authority,
duties and responsibilities shall be at least commensurate in all material
respects with the most significant of those held, exercised and assigned at any
time during the 90-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date and (B)
the Executive's services shall be performed at the location where the Executive
was employed immediately preceding the Effective Date or any office which is the
headquarters of the Company and is less than 35 miles from such location.

(ii) During the Employment Period, and excluding any periods of
vacation and sick leave to which the Executive is entitled, the Executive agrees
to devote reasonable attention and time during normal business hours to the
business and affairs of the Company and, to the extent necessary to discharge
the responsibilities assigned to the Executive hereunder, to use the Executive's
reasonable best efforts to perform faithfully and efficiently such
responsibilities. During the Employment Period it shall not be a violation of
this Agreement for the Executive to (A) serve on corporate, civic or charitable
boards or committees; (B) deliver lectures, fulfill speaking engagements or
teach at educational institutions; or (C) manage personal investments, so long
as such activities do not significantly interfere with the performance of the
Executive's responsibilities as an employee of the Company in accordance with
this Agreement. It is expressly understood and agreed that to the extent that
any such activities have been conducted by the Executive prior to the Effective
Date, the continued conduct of such activities (or the conduct of activities
similar in nature and scope thereto) subsequent to the Effective Date shall not
thereafter be deemed to interfere with the performance of the Executive's
responsibilities to the Company.

<PAGE>

(b)  Compensation.

(i)   Base Salary. During the Employment Period, the Executive
shall receive an annual base salary ("Annual Base Salary"), which shall be paid
in equal installments on a monthly basis, at least equal to twelve times the
highest monthly base salary paid or payable to the Executive by the Company and
its affiliated companies in respect of the twelve-month period immediately
preceding the month in which the Effective Date occurs. During the Employment
Period, the Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed at least annually and shall be
increased at any time and from time to time as shall be substantially consistent
with increases in base salary generally awarded in the ordinary course of
business to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.
Any increase in Annual Base Salary shall not serve to limit or reduce any other
obligation to the Executive under this Agreement. Annual Base Salary shall not
be reduced after any such increase and the term Annual Base Salary as utilized
in this Agreement shall refer to Annual Base Salary as so increased. As used in
this Agreement, the term "affiliated companies" shall include any company
controlled by, controlling or under common control with the Company.

(ii)  Annual Bonus. In addition to Annual Base Salary, the
Executive shall be awarded, for each fiscal year ending during the Employment
Period, an annual bonus (the "Annual Bonus") in cash at least equal to the
highest annual bonus paid or payable, including by reason of any deferral, to
the Executive by the Company and its affiliated companies in respect of the
three fiscal years immediately preceding the fiscal year in which the Effective
Date occurs (the "Recent Bonus"). Each such Annual Bonus shall be paid no later
than the end of the third month of the fiscal year next following the fiscal
year for which the Annual Bonus is awarded, unless the Executive shall elect to
defer the receipt of such Annual Bonus. In the event that, at the Effective
Date, the Executive has not been awarded a bonus for a full fiscal year, then
the Recent Bonus shall be deemed to be 50% of the Annual Base Salary.

(iii) Incentive, Savings and Retirement Plans. During the
Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all
incentive, savings and retirement plans, practices, policies and programs
applicable generally to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated
companies, but in no event shall such plans, practices, policies and programs
provide the Executive with incentive opportunities (measured with respect to
both regular and special incentive opportunities, to the extent, if any, that
such distinction is applicable), savings opportunities and retirement benefit
opportunities, in each case, less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most
favorable of those provided by the Company and its affiliated companies for the
Executive under such plans, practices, policies and programs as in effect at any
time during the 90-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or if
more favorable to the Executive, those provided generally at any time after the
Effective Date to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated
companies.

<PAGE>

(iv)   Welfare Benefit Plans. During the Employment Period, the
Executive and/or the Executive's family, as the case may be, shall be eligible
for participation in and shall receive all benefits under welfare benefit plans,
practices, policies and programs provided by the Company and its affiliated
companies (including, without limitation, medical, prescription, dental,
disability, salary continuance, employee life, group life, accidental death and
travel accident insurance plans and programs) to the extent applicable generally
to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies, but in no
event shall such plans, practices, policies and programs provide the Executive
with benefits which are less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most
favorable of such plans, practices, policies and programs in effect for the
Executive at any time during the 90-day period immediately preceding the
Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, those provided generally
at any time after the Effective Date to other peer executives of the Company and
its affiliated companies.

(v)    Expenses. During the Employment Period, the Executive
shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable employment
expenses incurred by the Executive in accordance with the most favorable
policies, practices and procedures of the Company and its affiliated companies
in effect for the Executive at any time during the 90-day period immediately
preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in
effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of
the Company and its affiliated companies.

(vi)   Fringe Benefits. During the Employment Period, the
Executive shall be entitled to fringe benefits in accordance with the most
favorable plans, practices, programs and policies of the Company and its
affiliated companies in effect for the Executive at any time during the 90-day
period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the
Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other
peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

(vii)  Office and Support Staff. During the Employment Period,
the Executive shall be entitled to an office or offices of a size and with
furnishings and other appointments, and to exclusive personal secretarial and
other assistance, at least equal to the most favorable of the foregoing provided
to the Executive by the Company and its affiliated companies at any time during
the 90-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable
to the Executive, as provided generally at any time thereafter with respect to
other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

(viii) Vacation. During the Employment Period, the Executive
shall be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the most favorable plans,
policies, programs and practices of the Company and its affiliated companies as
in effect for the Executive at any time during the 90-day period immediately
preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in
effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of
the Company and its affiliated companies.

<PAGE>

5.   Termination of Employment.

(a)  Death or Disability.  The Executive's employment shall terminate
automatically upon the Executive's death or Disability during the Employment
Period.  If the Company determines in good faith that the Disability of the
Executive has occurred during the Employment Period (pursuant to the definition
of Disability set forth below), it may give to the Executive written notice in
accordance with Section 12(b) of its intention to terminate the Executive's
employment.  In such event, the Executive's employment with the Employer shall
terminate effective on the 30th day after receipt of such notice by the
Executive (the "Disability Effective Date"), provided that, within the 30 days
after such receipt, the Executive shall not have returned to full-time
performance of the Executive's duties.  For purposes of this Agreement,
"Disability" shall mean the absence of the Executive from the Executive's duties
with the Company, due to physical or mental illness or injury, on a full-time
basis for a period of four consecutive months, or for a total of four months in
any six-month period.  Incapacity due to mental or physical illness which is
determined to be total and permanent shall be by a physician selected by the
Company or its insurers and acceptable to the Executive or the Executive's legal
representative (such agreement as to acceptability not to be withheld
unreasonably).

(b)  Cause. The Company may terminate the Executive's employment
during the Employment Period for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, "Cause"
shall mean (i) a material breach by the Executive of the Executive's obligations
under Section 4(a) (other than as a result of incapacity due to physical or
mental illness) which is demonstrably willful and deliberate on the Executive's
part, which is committed in bad faith or without reasonable belief that such
breach is in the best interests of the Company and which is not remedied within
ten (10) days after receipt of written notice from the Company specifying such
breach; (ii) Executive's gross negligence in the performance of his material
duties hereunder, intentional nonperformance or mis-performance of such duties,
or refusal to abide by or comply with the directives of the Board, his superior
officers, or the Company's policies and procedures, which actions continue for a
period of at least ten (10) days after receipt by Executive of written notice of
the need to cure or cease; (iii) Executive's willful dishonesty, fraud, or
misconduct with respect to the business or affairs of the Company, and that in
the reasonable judgment of the Company materially and adversely affects the
operations or reputation of the Company; (iv) Executive's conviction of a felony
or other crime involving moral turpitude; or (v) Executive's abuse of alcohol or
drugs (legal or illegal) that, in the Company's reasonable judgment,
substantially impairs Executive's ability to perform his duties hereunder.

(c)  Good Reason; Window Period.  The Executive's employment may be
terminated (i) during the Employment Period by the Executive for Good Reason or
(ii) during the Window Period by the Executive without any reason.  For purposes
of this Agreement, the "Window Period" shall mean the 30-day period immediately
following the one year anniversary of the Effective Date.  For purposes of this
Agreement, "Good Reason" shall mean:

<PAGE>

(i)   the assignment to the Executive of any duties inconsistent
in any respect with the Executive's position (including status, offices, titles
and reporting requirements), authority, duties or responsibilities or any other
action which results in a diminution in such position, authority, duties or
responsibilities, excluding for this purpose an isolated, insubstantial and
inadvertent action not taken in bad faith and which is remedied by the Company
promptly after receipt of written notice thereof given by the Executive;

(ii)  any failure by the Company to comply with any of the
provisions of Section 4(b), other than an isolated, insubstantial and
inadvertent failure not occurring in bad faith and which is remedied by the
Company promptly after receipt of written notice thereof given by the Executive;

(iii) the Company's requiring the Executive to be based at any
office or location other than that described in Section 4 (a) (i) (B);

(iv)  any purported termination by the Company of the Executive's
employment otherwise than as expressly permitted by this Agreement; or

(v)   any failure by the Company to comply with and satisfy
Section 11(c), provided that such successor has received at least ten days prior
written notice from the Company or the Executive of the requirements of Section
11(c).

For purposes of this Section 5(c), any good faith determination of "Good
Reason" made by the Executive shall be conclusive.

(d)  Notice of Termination. Any termination by the Company for Cause,
or by the Executive without any reason during the Window Period or for Good
Reason, shall be communicated by Notice of Termination to the other party hereto
given in accordance with Section 12(b). For purposes of this Agreement, a
"Notice of Termination" means a written notice which (i) indicates the specific
termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, (ii) to the extent
applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed
to provide a basis for termination of the Executive's employment under the
provision so indicated and (iii) if the Date of Termination (as defined below)
is other than the date of receipt of such notice, specifies the termination date
(which date shall be not more than 15 days after the giving of such notice). The
failure by the Executive or the Company to set forth in the Notice of
Termination any fact or circumstance which contributes to a showing of Good
Reason or Cause shall not waive any right of the Executive or the Company
hereunder or preclude the Executive or the Company from asserting such fact or
circumstance in enforcing the Executive's or the Company's rights hereunder.

(e)  Date of Termination.  "Date of Termination" means (i) if the
Executive's employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, or by the
Executive during the Window Period or for Good Reason, the date of receipt of
the Notice of

<PAGE>

Termination or any later date specified therein, as the case may be, (ii) if the
Executive's employment is terminated by the Company other than for Cause,
Disability or death, the Date of Termination shall be the date on which the
Company notifies the Executive of such termination and (iii) if the Executive's
employment is terminated by reason of death or Disability, the Date of
Termination shall be the date of death of the Executive or the Disability
Effective Date, as the case may be.

6.   Obligation of the Company upon Termination

(a)  Good Reason or during the Window Period; Other Than for Cause,
Death or Disability. If, during the Employment Period, the Company shall
terminate the Executive's employment other than for Cause, Disability or death
or the Executive shall terminate employment either for Good Reason or without
any reason during the Window Period:

(i)  the Company shall pay to the Executive in a lump sum in cash
within 30 days after the Date of Termination the aggregate of the following
amounts:

A.   the sum of (1) the Executive's Annual Base Salary
through the Date of Termination to the extent not theretofore paid, (2) a
pro-rated portion of the Annual Bonus, due to the Executive pursuant to
Section 4(b)(ii), for the then current fiscal year, based upon the portion
of such fiscal year elapsed through the Date of Termination and (3) any
compensation previously deferred by the Executive (together with any
accrued interest or earnings thereon) and any accrued vacation pay, in each
case to the extent not theretofore paid (the sum of the amounts described
in clauses (1), (2) and (3) shall be hereinafter referred to as the "Base
Severance Amount"); and

B.   an amount equal to 300% of the aggregate of
Executive's Annual Base Salary determined as of the Date of Termination
plus the Annual Bonus (the "Additional Severance Amount"). In the event a
Change of Control occurs within the first year of Executive's employment
with the Company and an Annual Bonus has not yet been paid or declared
payable to the Executive, the Annual Bonus, for the purposes of this
Section 6(a)(i)(B), shall be deemed to be the maximum amount that the
Executive is eligible to earn pursuant to the Existing Employment
Agreement.

(ii) for a period of five (5) years after any such
termination event, or such longer period as any plan, program, practice or
policy may provide (the "Benefits Period"), the Company shall continue benefits
to the Executive and/or the Executive's family at least equal to those which
would have been provided to them in accordance with the plans, programs,
practices and policies described in Section 4(b)(iv) if the Executive's
employment had not been terminated in accordance with the most favorable plans,
practices, programs or policies of the Company and its affiliated

<PAGE>

companies as in effect and applicable generally to other peer executives and
their families during the 90-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date
or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect generally at any time
thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its
affiliated companies and their families; provided, however, that if the
Executive becomes reemployed with another employer and is eligible to receive
medical or other welfare benefits under another employer provided plan, the
medical and other welfare benefits described herein shall be secondary to those
provided under such other plan during such applicable period of eligibility
(such continuation of such benefits for the applicable period herein set forth
shall be hereinafter referred to as "Welfare Benefit Continuation"). For
purposes of determining eligibility of the Executive for retiree benefits
pursuant to such plans, practices, programs and policies, the Executive shall be
considered to have remained employed until the end of the Benefits Period and to
have retired on the last day of such period; and

(iii) to the extent not theretofore paid or provided the Company
shall timely pay or provide to the Executive and/or the Executive's family any
other amounts or benefits required to be paid or provided or which the Executive
and/or the Executive's family is eligible to receive pursuant to this Agreement
and under any plan, program, policy or practice or contract or agreement of the
Company and its affiliated companies as in effect and applicable generally to
other peer executives and their families during the 90-day period immediately
preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in
effect generally within 180 days thereafter with respect to other peer
executives of the Company and its affiliated companies and their families (such
other amounts and benefits shall be hereinafter referred to as the "Other
Benefits").

(b)  Death. If the Executive's employment is terminated by reason of
the Executive's death during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall
terminate without further obligations to the Executive's legal representatives
under this Agreement, other than for payment of the Base Severance Amount (which
shall be paid to the Executive's estate or beneficiary, as applicable, in a lump
sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination) and the timely payment or
provision of the Welfare Benefit Continuation and Other Benefits.

(c)  Disability. If the Executive's employment is terminated by reason
of the Executive's Disability during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall
terminate without further obligations to the Executive, other than for payment
of Base Severance Amount (which shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum in
cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination) and the timely payment or
provision of the Welfare Benefit Continuation and Other Benefits.

(d)  Cause; Other than for Good Reason. If the Executive's employment
shall be terminated for Cause during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall
terminate without further obligations to the Executive other than the obligation
to pay to the Executive Annual Base Salary through the Date of Termination plus
the amount of any compensation previously deferred by the Executive, in each
case

<PAGE>

to the extent theretofore unpaid. If the Executive terminates employment during
the Employment Period, excluding a termination either for Good Reason or without
any reason during the Window Period, this Agreement shall terminate without
further obligations to the Executive, other than for the Base Severance Amount
and the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits. In such case, the Base
Severance Amount shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30
days of the Date of Termination.

7.   Non-exclusivity of Rights.  Except as provided in Sections 6(a)(ii),
6(b) and 6(c), nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or limit the Executive's
continuing or future participation in any plan, program, policy or practice
provided by the Company or any of its affiliated companies and for which the
Executive may qualify, nor shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such
rights as the Executive may have under any contract or agreement with the
Company or any of its affiliated companies.  Amounts which are vested benefits
or which the Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan, policy,
practice or program of or any contract or agreement with the Company or any of
its affiliated companies at or subsequent to the Date of Termination shall be
payable in accordance with such plan, policy, practice or program or contract or
agreement except as explicitly modified by this Agreement.

8.   Full Settlement; Resolution of Disputes.

(a)  In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek other
employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable
to the Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement and, except as
provided in Section 6(a)(ii), such amounts shall not be reduced whether or not
the Executive obtains other employment. The prevailing party of any dispute
shall be entitled to receive prompt payment from the other party, to the full
extent permitted by law, for all legal fees and expenses which the prevailing
party may reasonably incur as a result of any contest by the Company, the
Executive or others of the validity or enforceability of, or liability under,
any provision of this Agreement or any guarantee of performance thereof
(including as a result of any contest by the Executive about the amount of any
payment pursuant to this Agreement), plus interest on any delayed payment at the
applicable Federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2)(A) of the Code.

(b)  If there shall be any dispute between the Company and the
Executive (i) in the event of any termination of the Executive's employment by
the Company, whether such termination was for Cause, or (ii) in the event of any
termination of employment by the Executive, whether Good Reason existed, then,
unless and until there is a final determination in arbitration, as provided in
Section 13 hereof, as to which all appeal rights have lapsed, declaring that
such termination was for Cause or that the determination by the Executive of the
existence of Good Reason was not made in good faith, the Company shall pay all
amounts, and provide all benefits, to the Executive and/or the Executive's
family or other beneficiaries, as the case may be, that the Company would be
required to pay or provide pursuant to Section 6(a) as though such termination
were by the Company without Cause or by the Executive with Good Reason;

<PAGE>

provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to pay any disputed
amounts pursuant to this paragraph except upon receipt of an undertaking by or
on behalf of the Executive to repay all such amounts to which the Executive is
ultimately adjudged by such court not to be entitled.


9.   Certain Additional Payments by the Company.

(a)  Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in
the event it shall be determined that any payment or distribution by the Company
to or for the benefit of the Executive (whether paid or payable or distributed
or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, but
determined without regard to any additional payments required under this Section
9) (a "Payment") would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of
the Code or any interest or penalties are incurred by the Executive with respect
to such excise tax (such excise tax, together with any such interest and
penalties, are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Excise Tax"), then
the Executive shall be entitled to receive an additional payment (a "Gross-Up
Payment") in an amount such that after payment by the Executive of all taxes
(including any interest or penalties imposed with respect to such taxes),
including, without limitation, any income taxes (and any interest and penalties
imposed with respect thereto) and Excise Tax imposed upon the Gross-Up Payment,
the Executive retains an amount of the Gross-Up Payment equal to the Excise Tax
imposed upon the Payments.

(b)  Subject to the provisions of Section 9(c), all determinations
required to be made under this Section 9, including whether and when a Gross-Up
Payment is required and the amount of such Gross-Up Payment and the assumptions
to be utilized in arriving at such determination, shall be made by
Pricewaterhouse Coopers, L.L.P. (the "Accounting Firm") which shall provide
detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and the Executive within 15
business days of the receipt of notice from the Executive that there has been a
Payment, or such earlier time as is requested by the Company. In the event that
the Accounting Firm is serving as accountant or auditor for the individual,
entity or group effecting the Change of Control, the Executive shall appoint
another nationally recognized accounting firm to make the determinations
required hereunder (which accounting firm shall then be referred to as the
Accounting Firm hereunder). All fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm shall
be borne solely by the Company. Any Gross-Up Payment, as determined pursuant to
this Section 9, shall be paid by the Company to the Executive within five days
of the receipt of the Accounting Firm's determination. If the Accounting Firm
determines that no Excise Tax is payable by the Executive, it shall furnish the
Executive with a written opinion that failure to report the Excise Tax on the
Executive's applicable federal income tax return would not result in the
imposition of a negligence or similar penalty. Any determination by the
Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Company and the Executive. As a result
of the uncertainty in the application of Section 4999 of the Code at the time of
the initial determination by the Accounting Firm hereunder, it is possible that
Gross-Up Payments

<PAGE>

which will not have been made by the Company should have been made
("Underpayment"), consistent with the calculations required to be made
hereunder. In the event that the Company exhausts its remedies pursuant to
Section 9(c) and the Executive thereafter is required to make a payment of any
Excise Tax, the Accounting Firm shall determine the amount of the Underpayment
that has occurred and any such Underpayment shall be promptly paid by the
Company to or for the benefit of the Executive.

(c)  The Executive shall notify the Company in writing of any claim by
the Internal Revenue Service that, if successful, would require the payment by
the Company of the Gross-Up Payment. Such notification shall be given as soon as
practicable but no later than ten business days after the Executive is informed
in writing of such claim and shall apprise the Company of the nature of such
claim and the date on which such claim is requested to be paid. The Executive
shall not pay such claim prior to the expiration of the 30-day period following
the date on which it gives such notice to the Company (or such shorter period
ending on the date that any payment of taxes with respect to such claim is due).
If the Company notifies the Executive in writing prior to the expiration of such
period that it desires to contest such claim, the Executive shall:

(i)   give the Company any information reasonably requested by
the Company relating to such claim,

(ii)  take such action in connection with contesting such claim
as the Company shall reasonably request in writing from time to time, including,
without limitation, accepting legal representation with respect to such claim by
an attorney reasonably selected by the Company,

(iii) cooperate with the Company in good faith in order
effectively to contest such claim, and

(iv)  permit the Company to participate in any proceedings
relating to such claim;

provided, however, that the Company shall bear and pay directly all costs and
expenses (including additional interest and penalties) incurred in connection
with such contest and shall indemnify and hold the Executive harmless, on an
after-tax basis, for any Excise Tax or income tax (including interest and
penalties with respect thereto) imposed as a result of such representation and
payment of costs and expenses.  Without limitation on the foregoing provisions
of this Section 9(c), the Company shall control all proceedings taken in
connection with such contest and, at its sole option, may pursue or forgo any
and all administrative appeals, proceedings, hearings and conferences with the
taxing authority in respect of such claim and may, at its sole option, either
direct the Executive to pay the tax claimed and sue for a refund or contest the
claim in any permissible manner, and the Executive agrees to prosecute such
contest to a determination before any administrative tribunal, in a court of
initial jurisdiction and in one or more appellate

<PAGE>

courts, as the Company shall determine; provided, however, that if the Company
directs the Executive to pay such claim and sue for a refund, the Company shall
advance the amount of such payment to the Executive, on an interest-free basis
and shall indemnify and hold the Executive harmless, on an after-tax basis, from
any Excise Tax or income tax (including interest or penalties with respect
thereto) imposed with respect to such advance or with respect to any imputed
income with respect to such advance; and further provided that any extension of
the statute of limitations relating to payment of taxes for the taxable year of
the Executive with respect to which such contested amount is claimed to be due
is limited solely to such contested amount. Furthermore, the Company's control
of the contest shall be limited to issues with respect to which a Gross-Up
Payment would be payable hereunder and the Executive shall be entitled to settle
or contest, as the case may be, any other issue raised by the Internal Revenue
Service or any other taxing authority.

(d)  If, after the receipt by the Executive of an amount advanced by
the Company pursuant to Section 9 (c), the Executive becomes entitled to receive
any refund with respect to such claim, the Executive shall (subject to the
Company's complying with the requirements of Section 9(c)) promptly pay to the
Company the amount of such refund (together with any interest paid or credited
thereon after taxes applicable thereto). If, after the receipt by the Executive
of an amount advanced by the Company pursuant to Section 9(c), a determination
is made that the Executive shall not be entitled to any refund with respect to
such claim and the Company does not notify the Executive in writing of its
intent to contest such denial of refund prior to the expiration of 30 days after
such determination, then such advance shall be forgiven and shall not be
required to be repaid and the amount of such advance shall offset, to the extent
thereof, the amount of Gross-Up Payment required to be paid.

10.  Confidential Information.  The Executive shall hold in a fiduciary
capacity for the benefit of the Company all secret or confidential information,
knowledge or data relating to the Company or any of its affiliated companies,
and their respective businesses, which shall have been obtained by the Executive
during the Executive's employment by the Company or any of its affiliated
companies and which shall not be or become public knowledge (other than by acts
by the Executive or representatives of the Executive in violation of this
Agreement).  After termination of the Executive's employment with the Company,
the Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company or as
may otherwise be required by law or legal process, communicate or divulge any
such information, knowledge or data to anyone other than the Company and those
designated by it.

11.  Successors.

(a)  This Agreement is personal to the Executive and without the prior
written consent of the Company shall not be assignable by the Executive
otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution.  This Agreement
shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive's legal
representatives.

<PAGE>

(b)  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon
the Company and its successors and assigns.

(c)  The Company will require any successor (whether direct or
indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or
substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to assume
expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same
extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession
had taken place. As used in this Agreement, "Company" shall mean the Company as
hereinbefore defined and any successor to its business and/or assets as
aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of
law, or otherwise.

12.  Miscellaneous.

(a)  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of Florida, without reference to principles of
conflict of laws. The captions of this Agreement are not part of the provisions
hereof and shall have no force or effect. This Agreement may not be amended or
modified otherwise than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto or
their respective successors and legal representatives.

(b)  All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be given by personal delivery, express delivery service or
facsimile transmission, or by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

If to the Executive:

Paul MacMillan
1019 Timber Trail Road
Towsen, MD 21286


If to the Company:

Workflow Management, Inc.
240 Royal Palm Way
Palm Beach, Florida 33480
Attention: President
Fax: (561) 659-7793

or to such other address as either party shall have furnished to the other in
writing in accordance herewith.  Notice and communications shall be effective
when actually received by the addressee.

<PAGE>

(c)  The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this
Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision
of this Agreement.

(d)  The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this
Agreement such Federal, state or local taxes as shall be required to be withheld
pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

(e)  The Executive's or the Company's failure to insist upon strict
compliance with any provision hereof or any other provision of this Agreement or
the failure to assert any right the Executive or the Company may have hereunder,
including, without limitation, the right of the Executive to terminate
employment for Good Reason pursuant to Section 5(c)(i)-(v), shall not be deemed
to be a waiver of such provision or right or any other provision or right of
this Agreement.

(f)  The Executive and the Company acknowledge that, except as may
otherwise be provided under any other written agreement between the Executive
and the Company, including the Existing Employment Agreement, the employment of
the Executive by the Company is "at will" and, prior to the Effective Date, may
be terminated by either the Executive or the Company at any time. Moreover, if
prior to the Effective Date, the Executive's employment with the Company
terminates, then the Executive shall have no further rights under this
Agreement.

13.  Arbitration.  Any unresolved dispute or controversy arising under or
in connection with this agreement shall be settled exclusively by arbitration
conducted in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association
then in effect.  The arbitrators shall not have the authority to add to, detract
from, or modify any provision hereof nor to award punitive damages to any
injured party.  A decision by a majority of the arbitration panel shall be final
and binding.  Judgment may be entered on the arbitrators' award in any court
having jurisdiction.  The direct expense of any arbitration proceeding shall be
borne by the prevailing party in any such proceeding.  The arbitration
proceeding shall be held in the county where the Company's principal office is
located.

<PAGE>

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive has hereunto set the Executive's hand
and, pursuant to the authorization from its Board of Directors, the Company has
caused these presents to be executed in its name on its behalf, all as of the
day and year first above written.


Company:

WORKFLOW MANAGEMENT, INC.


By: _______________________________

Name:_________________________
Title:________________________


Executive:


___________________________________
Name:  Paul MacMillan


