






Severance Agreement



Exhibit 10(iii)A(32)

ACUITY BRANDS, INC.
SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”), made and entered into as of this              day of
, 2003, by and between ACUITY BRANDS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), and

(the “Executive”).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, Executive is a key employee of the Company and an integral part of the Company’s management; and

WHEREAS, the Company desires to provide the Executive with certain benefits if the Executive’s employment is terminated involuntarily under certain
circumstances; and

WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive have
determined that it is in their mutual best interests to enter into this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereby agree as follows:


1.	TERM OF AGREEMENT.


Unless earlier terminated as hereinafter provided, this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof, shall be for a rolling, two-year term (the
“Term”), and shall be deemed to extend automatically, without further action by either the Company or Executive, each day for an additional day, such that the remaining term of the Agreement shall continue to be two years; provided,
however, that either party may, by written notice to the other, cause this Agreement to cease to extend automatically and, upon such notice, the “Term” of this Agreement shall be the two-year period following the date of such notice and
this Agreement shall terminate upon the expiration of such Term. This Agreement shall not be considered an employment agreement and in no way guarantees Executive the right to continue in the employment of the Company or its affiliates.
Executive’s employment is considered employment at will, subject to Executive’s right to receive payments and benefits upon certain terminations of employment as provided below.

As of the date hereof, this Agreement is intended to, and shall, supersede and replace in their entirety the severance
benefits provided under the Executive’s Employment Agreement dated                         .


2.	DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings specified below:


2.1 “Board” or “Board of Directors” —
The Board of Directors of Acuity Brands, Inc., or its successor.










2.2 “Cause” — The involuntary termination of Executive by the Company for the
following reasons shall constitute a termination for Cause:

(a) If termination shall have been the result of an act or acts by the Executive which have been found in an applicable court of law to constitute a felony (other than traffic-related offenses);

(b) If termination shall have been the result of an act or acts by the
Executive which are in the good faith judgment of the Company deemed to be in violation of law or of written policies of the Company and which result in material injury to the Company;

(c) If termination shall have been the result of an act or acts of dishonesty by the Executive resulting or intended to
result directly or indirectly in gain or personal enrichment to the Executive at the expense of the Company; or

(d) Upon the continued failure by the Executive substantially to perform the duties reasonably assigned to Executive given Executive’s training and
experience (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to mental or physical illness not constituting a Disability, as defined herein), after a demand in writing for substantial performance of such duties is delivered by the Company,
which demand specifically identifies the manner in which the Company believes that the Executive has not substantially performed his duties, and such failure results in material injury to the Company.

2.3 “Company” — Acuity Brands, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, or any successor to its business and/or assets.

2.4 “Date of Termination” — The date specified in the Notice of Termination (which may be immediate) as the date upon which the Executive’s employment with the Company is to cease.

2.5 “Disability” — Disability shall have the meaning
ascribed to such term in the Company’s long-term disability plan covering the Executive, or in the absence of such plan, a meaning consistent with Section 22(e)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

2.6 “Notice of Termination” — A written notice from one
party to the other party specifying the Date of Termination and setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances relating to the basis for termination of Executive’s employment.

2.7 “Severance Period” — A period equal to the lesser
of (i) eighteen (18) months from the Executive’s Date of Termination or (ii) the number of months (rounded to the nearest month) from the Executive’s Date of Termination until the date he attains age 65; provided, however, that the
Severance Period shall in no event be less than six (6) months.










2.8 “Severance Protection Agreement” — An agreement between Executive and the
Company providing for the payment of compensation and benefits to Executive in the event of Executive’s termination of employment under certain circumstances following a “change in control” of the Company (as defined in such
agreement).


3.	SCOPE OF AGREEMENT.


This Agreement provides for the payment of compensation and benefits to Executive in the event his employment is involuntarily terminated by the Company
without Cause. If Executive is terminated by the Company for Cause, dies, incurs a Disability or voluntarily terminates employment, this Agreement shall terminate, and Executive shall be entitled to no payments of compensation or benefits pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement; provided that in such events, Executive will be entitled to whatever benefits are payable pursuant to the terms of any health, life insurance, disability, welfare, retirement, deferred compensation, or other plan or
program maintained by the Company.

If, as a result of
Executive’s termination of employment, Executive becomes entitled to compensation and benefits under this Agreement and under a Severance Protection Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to receive benefits under whichever agreement provides
Executive the greater aggregate compensation and benefits (and not under the other agreement) and there shall be no duplication of benefits.


4.	BENEFITS UPON INVOLUNTARY TERMINATION WITHOUT CAUSE BY THE COMPANY.


If Executive’s employment is involuntarily terminated by the Company during the term of this Agreement without Cause (and such termination does not
arise as a result of Executive’s death or Disability), the Executive shall be entitled to the compensation and benefits described below, provided that Executive, as described in Section 4.7, executes a valid release of claims in such form as
may be required by the Company. In the event Executive is terminated without Cause, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors may, in its discretion and to provide equitable treatment, grant benefits to Executive in addition to those
provided below in circumstances where Executive suffers a diminution of projected benefits as a result of Executive’s termination prior to attainment of age 65, including without limitation, additional retirement benefits and acceleration of
long-term incentive awards.

4.1 Base Salary. Executive
shall continue to receive his Base Salary (subject to withholding of all applicable taxes) for the entire Severance Period (as defined in Section 2.7 above), payable in the same manner as it was being paid on his Date of Termination.

4.2 Annual Bonus. Executive shall be paid a bonus in an amount equal
to the greater of (i) the annual incentive bonus that would be paid or payable to Executive for the fiscal year of the Company during which Executive’s Date of Termination occurs under the Company’s annual incentive plan (“Incentive
Plan”), assuming the target level(s) of performance had been met for such fiscal year, multiplied by a fraction (the “Pro Rata










Fraction”), the numerator of which is the number of days that have elapsed in the then current fiscal year through
Executive’s Date of Termination and the denominator of which is 365, or (ii) the annual incentive bonus that would be paid or payable to Executive for the fiscal year of the Company during which Executive’s Date of Termination occurs under
the Incentive Plan based upon the Company’s actual performance for such fiscal year, multiplied by the Pro Rata Factor. The bonus amount determined pursuant to Section 4.2(i) shall be paid to Executive within ten (10) days of Executive’s
Date of Termination and any additional amount payable pursuant to Section 4.2(ii) shall be payable at the same time as bonuses are payable to other executives under the Incentive Plan.

4.3 Restricted Stock. Any Restricted Stock granted to Executive under the Acuity Brands, Inc. Long-Term Incentive
Plan (“LTIP”) for which the specific performance targets have been achieved and a Vesting Start Date (as defined in the agreement granting the Restricted Stock to Executive, the “Restricted Stock Agreement”) has been established
as of Executive’s Date of Termination shall become fully vested and nonforfeitable as of Executive’s Date of Termination and subject to the proviso at the end of this sentence, all Restricted Stock for which a Vesting Start Date has not
been established shall be immediately forfeited; provided, that if the Restricted Stock Agreement granting the Restricted Stock to Executive provides for more favorable continued vesting after Executive’s Date of Termination, the provisions of
such Restricted Stock Agreement shall apply to the vesting of Executive’s Restricted Stock after Executive’s termination. The Vested Value (as defined in the Restricted Stock Agreement) of the shares of Restricted Stock vesting pursuant to
this Section 4.3 shall be delivered to Executive in the manner provided in Section 2.2 of the Restricted Stock Agreement within ten (10) days of Executive’s Date of Termination, using Executive’s Date of Termination as the date for
determining the Vested Value.

4.4 Health Care, Life
Insurance and Long-Term Disability Coverages. The health care (including dental and vision coverage, if applicable), term life insurance and long-term disability coverages provided to Executive at his Date of Termination shall be continued at
the same level as for active executives and in the same manner as if his employment had not terminated, beginning on the Date of Termination and ending on the last day of the Severance Period. Any additional coverages Executive had at termination,
including dependent coverage, will also be continued for such period on the same terms, to the extent permitted by the applicable policies or contracts. Any costs Executive was paying for such coverages at the time of termination shall be paid by
Executive by separate check payable to the Company each month in advance or, at Executive’s election, may be deducted from his Base Salary payments under Section 4.1. If the terms of any benefit plan referred to in this Section, or the laws
applicable to such plan do not permit continued participation by Executive, then the Company will arrange for other coverage(s) satisfactory to Executive at Company’s expense which provides substantially similar benefits or, at Executive’s
election, will pay Executive a lump sum amount equal to the annual costs of such coverage(s) for the Severance Period. A benefit provided under this Section 4.2 shall cease if Executive obtains other employment and, as a result of such employment,
health care, life insurance or long-term disability benefits are available to Executive.










4.5 Outplacement Services. Executive will be provided with customary outplacement services by an
outplacement firm selected by the Company for the Severance Period, provided that the Company’s total cost for such services shall not exceed an amount equal to ten percent (10%) of Executive’s Base Salary.

4.6 Other Benefits. Except as expressly provided herein, all other
fringe benefits provided to Executive as an active employee of the Company (e.g., 401(k) plan, AD&D, car allowance, club dues, etc.), shall cease on his Date of Termination, provided that any conversion or extension rights applicable to such
benefits shall be made available to Executive at his Date of Termination or when such coverages otherwise cease at the end of the Severance Period. Except as expressly provided herein, for all other plans sponsored by the Company, the
Executive’s employment shall be treated as terminated on his Date of Termination and Executive’s right to benefits shall be determined under the terms of such plans; provided, however, in no event will Executive be entitled to severance
payments or benefits under any other severance plan, policy, program or agreement of the Company, except to the extent Executive is covered by a Severance Protection Agreement related to a change in control of the Company.

4.7 Release of Claims. To be entitled to any of the compensation and
benefits described above in this Section 4, Executive shall sign a release of claims substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. No payments shall be made under this Section 4 until such release has been properly executed and delivered
to the Company and until the expiration of the revocation period, if any, provided under the release. If the release is not properly executed by the Executive and delivered to the Company within the reasonable time periods specified in the release,
the Company’s obligations under this Section 4 will terminate.


5.	CONFIDENTIALITY, NON-SOLICITATION AND NON-COMPETITION.


5.1 Purpose and Reasonableness of Provisions. Executive acknowledges that, prior to and during the Term of this Agreement, the Company has
furnished and will furnish to Executive Trade Secrets and Confidential Information which could be used by Executive on behalf of a competitor of the Company or other person to the Company’s substantial detriment. Moreover, the parties recognize
that Executive during the course of his employment with the Company may develop important relationships with customers and others having valuable business relationships with the Company. In view of the foregoing, Executive acknowledges and agrees
that the restrictive covenants contained in this Section 5 and in Exhibit B hereto are reasonably necessary to protect the Company’s legitimate business interests and good will.

5.2 Trade Secrets and Confidential Information. Executive agrees that he shall protect the Company’s Trade
Secrets (as defined in Section 5.10(b) below) and Confidential Information (as defined in Section 5.10(a) below) and shall not disclose to any Person, or otherwise use or disseminate, except in connection with the performance of his duties for the
Company, any Trade Secrets or Confidential Information; provided, however, that Executive










may make disclosures required by a valid order or subpoena issued by a court or administrative agency of competent
jurisdiction, in which event Executive will promptly notify the Company of such order or subpoena to provide the Company an opportunity to protect its interests. Executive’s obligations under this Section 5.2 shall apply during his employment
and after his termination of employment, and shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement, provided that Executive may after such expiration or termination disclose Confidential Information with the prior written consent of the
then-serving Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

The
Executive, during employment with the Company, will not offer, disclose or use on Executive’s own behalf or on behalf of the Company, any information Executive received prior to employment by the Company, which was supplied to Executive
confidentially or which Executive should reasonably know to be confidential, to any persons, organization or entity other than the Company without the written approval of such person, organization or entity.

5.3 Return of Property. Upon the termination of his employment with
the Company, Executive agrees to deliver promptly to the Company all Company files, customer lists, management reports, memoranda, research, Company forms, financial data and reports and other documents (including all such data and documents in
electronic form) supplied to or created by Executive in connection with his employment hereunder (including all copies of the foregoing) in his possession or control, and all of the Company’s equipment and other materials in his possession or
control. Executive’s obligations under this Section 5.3 shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.

5.4 Inventions. The Executive does hereby assign to the Company the entire right, title and interest in any Invention that is made and/or
conceived, either solely or jointly with others, during Executive’s employment with the Company. The Executive agrees to promptly disclose to the Company all such Inventions. The Executive will, if requested, promptly execute and deliver to the
Company a specific assignment of title for an Invention and will, at the expense of the Company, take all reasonably required action by the Company to patent, copyright or otherwise protect the Invention.

5.5 Non-Competition. The Executive agrees that while employed by the
Company and for a period equal to the Severance Period thereafter, but only for such period as Base Salary is paid to Executive under Section 4.1 hereto, Executive shall comply with the non-competition restrictions attached hereto as Exhibit B. The
parties hereto recognize that Executive may experience periodic material changes in his job title and/or to the principal duties, responsibilities or services that he is called upon to perform on the behalf of the Company. If Executive experiences
such a material job change, the parties shall, as soon as is practicable, enter into a signed, written addendum to Exhibit B hereto reflecting such material change. Upon execution, any such written modification to Exhibit B shall represent an
enforceable amendment to this Agreement and shall augment and supplant the definition of the term Executive Services set forth in Exhibit B hereto.










5.6 Non-Solicitation of Customers/Suppliers. The Executive agrees that during the course of
employment with the Company, and for a period equal to the Severance Period thereafter, but only for such period as Base Salary is paid to Executive under Section 4.1 hereto, the Executive will not directly or indirectly (i) divert or attempt to
divert any person, concern or entity which is furnished products or services by the Company from doing business with the Company or otherwise change its relationship with the Company; or (ii) induce or attempt to induce any customer, supplier or
service provider to cease being a customer, supplier or service provider of the Company or to otherwise change its relationship with the Company.

5.7 Non-Solicitation of Employees. The Executive agrees that during the course of employment with the Company, and for a period equal to the
Severance Period thereafter, but only for such period as Base Salary is paid to Executive under Section 4.1 hereto, the Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, whether on behalf of the Executive or others, solicit, lure or attempt to hire away
any of the employees of the Company with whom the Executive interacted while employed with the Company.

5.8 Injunctive Relief. Executive acknowledges that if he breaches or threatens to breach any of the provisions of this Section 5, his actions may
cause irreparable harm and damage to the Company which could not be compensated in damages. Accordingly, if Executive breaches or threatens to breach any of the provisions of this Section 5, the Company shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief,
in addition to any other rights or remedies the Company may have. The existence of any claim or cause of action by Executive against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by
the Company of Executive’s agreements under this Section 5.

5.9 Provisions Severable. If any provision in this Section 5 and/or Exhibit B hereto is determined to be in violation of any law, rule or regulation or otherwise unenforceable, and cannot be modified to be enforceable, such
determination shall not affect the validity of any other provisions of this Agreement, but such other provisions shall remain in full force and effect. Each and every provision, paragraph and subparagraph of this Section 5, including Exhibit B
hereto, is severable from the other provisions, paragraphs and subparagraphs and constitutes a separate and distinct covenant.

5.10 Definitions. For purposes of this Section 5, the following definitions shall apply:

(a) “Confidential Information” means any and all information
regarding the business or affairs of the Company not generally known, including information relating to research and development, operating systems, purchasing, accounting, engineering, customers, marketing, manufacturing, suppliers, service
providers, merchandising, selling, leasing, servicing, finance and business systems and techniques, information concerning customers of the Company and their systems and applications. All information disclosed to Executive, or to which Executive
obtains access, whether originated by Executive or by others, during the period of Executive’s employment, which Executive has reasonable basis to believe to be Confidential Information, or which is treated by the Company as being Confidential
Information, shall be presumed to be Confidential Information.










(b) “Trade Secrets” means information, without regard to form, relating to the Company’s
business which is not commonly known by or available to the public and which derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to other persons and is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to
maintain its secrecy or confidentiality, including, but not limited to, technical or nontechnical data, formulae, patterns, compilations, programs, devices, methods, techniques, drawings, processes, financial data, financial plans, product plans, or
lists of actual or potential customers or suppliers.

(c)
“Inventions” means contributions, discoveries, improvements and ideas and works of authorship, whether or not patentable or copyrightable, and (i) which relate directly to the business of the Company or (ii) which result from any work
performed by Executive or by Executive’s fellow employees for the Company or (iii) for which equipment, supplies, facility, Confidential Information or Trade Secrets of the Company are used, or (iv) which is developed on the Company’s
time.


6.	MISCELLANEOUS.


6.1 No Obligation to Mitigate. Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for under this Agreement by seeking
other employment or otherwise, nor shall the amount of any payment provided for under this Agreement be reduced by any compensation earned by Executive as a result of employment by another employer after the Date of Termination or otherwise, except
as provided in Section 4.4 with respect to benefits coverages.

6.2 Contract Non-Assignable. The parties acknowledge that this Agreement has been entered into due to, among other things, the special skills and knowledge of Executive, and agree that this Agreement may not be assigned or
transferred by Executive.

6.3 Successors; Binding
Agreement.

(a) In addition to any obligations imposed by
law upon any successor to the Company, the Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company, or who acquires the
stock of the Company, to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement, in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place.

(b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by
Executive’s personal or legal representative, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees.

6.4 Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to
have been duly given either when delivered or seven days after mailing if mailed first class, certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:











If to the Company:
Acuity Brands, Inc.
Attention: General Counsel

1170 Peachtree Street, Suite 2400

Atlanta, GA 30309


If to the Executive:
To his last known address on file with the Company




Any party may change the address
to which notices, requests, demands and other communications shall be delivered or mailed by giving notice thereof to the other party in the same manner provided herein.

6.5 Provisions Severable. If any provision or covenant, or any part thereof, of this Agreement should be held by any
court to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, either in whole or in part, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions or covenants, or any part thereof, of
this Agreement, all of which shall remain in full force and effect.

6.6 Waiver. Failure of either party to insist, in one or more instances, on performance by the other in strict accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of any right
granted in this Agreement or the future performance of any such term or condition or of any other term or condition of this Agreement, unless such waiver is contained in a writing signed by the party making the waiver.

6.7 Amendments and Modifications. This Agreement may be amended or
modified only by a writing signed by both parties hereto, which makes specific reference to this Agreement.

6.8 Governing Law. The validity and effect of this Agreement shall be governed by and be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the
State of Georgia.

6.9 Pronouns; Including. Wherever
appropriate in this Agreement, personal pronouns shall be deemed to include the other genders and the singular to include the plural. Wherever used in this Agreement, the term “including” means “including, without limitation.”


6.10 Disputes; Legal Fees; Indemnification.


(a) Disputes. All claims by Executive for compensation and benefits under
this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be directed to and be determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board. Any denial by the Compensation Committee of a claim for benefits under this Agreement shall be provided in writing to Executive
within 30 days of such decision and shall set forth the specific reasons for the denial and the specific provisions of this Agreement relied upon. The Compensation Committee shall afford a reasonable opportunity to Executive for a review of its
decision denying a claim and shall further allow Executive to appeal in writing to the Compensation Committee a decision of










the Compensation Committee within sixty (60) days after notification by the Compensation Committee that Executive’s
claim has been denied. To the extent permitted by applicable law, any further dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this Agreement shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in Fulton County, Georgia, in accordance with the
rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect for commercial arbitrations. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator’s award in any court having jurisdiction.

(b) Legal Fees. If the Company involuntarily terminates Executive without Cause, then, in the event Executive incurs
legal fees and other expenses in seeking to obtain or to enforce any rights or benefits provided by this Agreement and is successful to a significant extent in obtaining or enforcing any such rights or benefits through settlement, mediation,
arbitration or otherwise, the Company shall promptly pay Executive’s reasonable legal fees and expenses and related costs incurred in enforcing this Agreement, including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees and expenses, experts’ fees
and expenses, and investigative fees. Except to the extent provided in the preceding sentence, each party shall pay its own legal fees and other expenses associated with any dispute under this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the day
and year first above written.


EXECUTIVE:





ACUITY BRANDS, INC.


By:








