









<PAGE>   1



EXHIBIT 10


SEVERANCE AGREEMENT


Agreement, made this______ day of __________ , 19__ , by and between CPC
INTERNATIONAL INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and
_____________(the "Executive").

WHEREAS, the Executive is a key employee of the Company or a subsidiary of
the Company as defined in Section l(ii) hereof ("Subsidiary"), and

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") considers the
maintenance of a sound management to be essential to protecting and enhancing
the best interests of the Company and its stockholders and recognizes that the
possibility of a change in control raises uncertainty and questions among key
employees and may result in the departure or distraction of such key employees
to the detriment of the Company and its stockholders; and

WHEREAS, the Board wishes to assure that it will have the continued
dedication of the Executive and the availability of the Executive's advice and
counsel notwithstanding the possibility, threat or occurrence of a bid to take
over control of the Company, and to induce the Executive to remain in the employ
of the Company or a Subsidiary; and
<PAGE>   2


WHEREAS, the Executive is willing to continue to serve the Company and its
Subsidiaries taking into account the provisions of this Agreement;

NOW,  THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and the respective
covenants and agreements of the parties herein contained, the parties agree as
follows:

1. Change in Control. Benefits shall be provided under Section 3 hereof only
in the event there shall have occurred a "Change in Control," as such term is
defined below, and the executive's employment by the Company and its
Subsidiaries shall thereafter have terminated in accordance with Section 2
below within the period beginning on the date of the "Change in Control" and
ending on the second anniversary of the date of the Change in Control (the
"Protection Period"). If any Protection Period terminates without the
Executive's employment having terminated, any subsequent "Change in Control"
shall give rise to a new Protection Period. No benefits shall be paid under
Section 3 of this Agreement if the Executive's employment terminates outside of
a Protection Period.
<PAGE>   3


(i) For purposes of this Agreement, a "Change in Control" shall mean the
occurrence of any of the following events:

(A) any person (within the meaning of Sections 13(d) and 14(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) ("Person") (but
excluding the Company, a Subsidiary, or a trustee or other fiduciary
holding securities employee benefit plan or employee stock plan of the
Company or a Subsidiary) becomes, directly or indirectly, the
"beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities
Exchange Act of l934, as amended) of 15% or more of the combined
voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to
vote generally in the election of directors ("Voting Securities") of
the Company, provided, however, that there shall be excluded, for this
purpose, any acquisition of Voting Securities either from the Company
or pursuant to a Stock Combination (as defined hereinafter); or

(B) any Person commences a tender offer or exchange offer
which, if successful, would result in such Person becoming the
"beneficial owner" of at least 15% of the outstanding Voting
Securities of the
<PAGE>   4


Company; provided, however, that the Board shall have the right to
delay the date on which a Change in Control shall be deemed to occur
pursuant to this clause (B), but in no event beyond the earlier of (a)
the date of the public announcement that the Board has determined to
recommend, or remain neutral toward, such offer, or (b) the earliest
date on which there is a purchase of any Voting Securities of the
Company pursuant to such offer; or

(C) durinq any period of two consecutive years individuals who
at the beginning of such period constitute the Board (including for
this purpose any new director whose election by the Board or
nomination for election by the Company's stockholders was approved by
a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office
who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose
election or nomination for election was previously so approved (such
individuals and such new directors being "Continuing Directors") cease
for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board; or


<PAGE>   5


(D) the stockholders of the Company approve a merger,
consolidation, reorganization or sale of substantially all of the
assets of the Company ("Combination") with any other corporation or
legal person, other than a Combination which (a) is approved by a
majority of the directors of the Company who are Continuing Directors
at the time of such approval, and (b) would result in the Common Stock
of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto remaining
outstanding or being converted into voting common stock, or its
equivalent, of either the surviving entity or the Person owning
directly or indirectly all the common stock, or its equivalent, of the
surviving entity which voting common stock, or its equivalent, is
listed on a registered United States national securities exchange or
is approved for quotation and trading on the National Association of
Securities Dealers Automated Quotation National Market System ("Stock
Combination"); or

(E) the stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete
liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition
by the Company of all or substantially all the Company's assets.
<PAGE>   6


(ii) For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Subsidiary"
shall mean any corporation in which the Company possesses directly or
indirectly fifty percent (50%) or more of the total combined voting
power of all classes of stock.

2. Termination Following Change in Control. The Executive shall be
entitled to the benefits provided in Section 3 hereof upon any termination of
his or her employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries within a Protection
Period, except a termination of employment (a) because of his or her death, (b)
because of a "Disability", (c) because of "Normal Retirement", (d) by the
Company for "Cause", or (e) by the Executive other than for "Good Reason".

(i) Disability. The Executive's employment shall be deemed to
have terminated because of a "Disability" on the date on which the
Executive becomes eligible to receive long-term disability benefits
under the Company's Long-Term Disability Income Plan for Salaried
Employees, or a similar long-term disability plan of a Subsidiary, or
a successor to such Long-Term Disability Income Plan or to any such
similar plan which is applicable to the Executive. If the Executive is
not covered by the Company's Long-Term Disability Income Plan for
Salaried Employees or a similar or successor long-term disability
plan, the
<PAGE>   7


Executive shall be deemed to have terminated because of a "Disability"
on the date on which he or she would have become eligible to receive
long-term disability benefits if he or she were covered by the
Company's Long-Term Disability Income Plan for Salaried Employees.

(ii) Normal Retirement. The Executive's employment shall be
deemed to have terminated because of "Normal Retirement" if the
Executive's employment terminates on or after his or her "Normal
Retirement Date" as such term is defined in the Company's Non-
Contributory Retirement Income Plan for Salaried Employees, or a
similar pension plan of a Subsidiary, or a successor plan to such
Retirement Plan or to any such similar plan which is applicable to the
Executive. If the Executive is not covered by the Company's Non-
Contributory Retirement Income Plan for Salaried Employees or a
similar or successor pension plan, the determination of the
Executive's "Normal Retirement Date" shall be made by applying the
provisions of the Company's Non-Contributory Retirement Income Plan
for Salaried Employees as if the Executive were a Member of that Plan.
<PAGE>   8


(iii) Cause. Termination of the Executive's employment by the
Company or a Subsidiary for "Cause" shall mean termination by reason
of (A) the Executive's willful engagement in conduct which involves
dishonesty or moral turpitude in connection with his or her employment
and which either (1) results in substantial personal enrichment of the
Executive at the expense of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or
(2) is demonstrably and materially injurious to the financial
condition or reputation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
(B) the Executive's willful violation of the provisions of the
confidentiality or non-competition agreement entered into between the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries and the Executive. An act or
omission shall be deemed "willful" only if done, or omitted to be
done, in bad faith and without reasonable belief that it was in the
best interest of the Company and its Subsidiaries.  Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Executive shall not be deemed to have been
terminated for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered
to the Executive a written notice of termination from the Compensation
and Nominating Committee of the Board or any successor thereto (the
"Committee") after reasonable notice to the Executive and an
opportunity for the Executive, together with his or her counsel, to be
heard before the Committee, finding that, in the good faith opinion of
<PAGE>   9


such Committee, the Executive was guilty of conduct set forth above in
clause (A) or (B) of the first sentence of this subsection (iii) and
specifying the particulars in detail.

(iv) Without Cause. The Company or a Subsidiary may terminate
the employment of the Executive without Cause during a Protection
Period only by giving the Executive written notice of termination to
that effect. In that event, the Executive's employment shall terminate
on the last day of the month in which such notice is given (or such
later date as may be specified in such notice).

(v) Good Reason. Termination of employment by the Executive
for "Good Reason" shall mean termination within a Protection Period:

(A) if there has occurred a reduction by the Company
or a Subsidiary in the Executive's base salary in effect
immediately before the beginning of the Protection Period or
as increased from time to time thereafter;

(B) if the Company or a Subsidiary, without the
Executive's written consent, has required the Executive to be
relocated anywhere in excess of thirty-five (35) miles from
his or her office
<PAGE>   10


location immediately before the beginning of the Protection
Period, except for required travel on the business of the
Company or a Subsidiary to an extent substantially consistent
with the Executive's business travel obligations immediately
before the beginning of the Protection Period;

(C) if there has occurred a failure by the Company or
a Subsidiary to maintain plans providing benefits at least as
beneficial as those provided by any benefit or compensation
plan, retirement or pension plan, stock option plan; life
insurance plan, health and accident plan or disability plan in
which the Executive is participating immediately before the
beginning of the Protection Period, or if the Company or a
Subsidiary has taken any action which would adversely affect
the Executive's participation in or materially reduce the
Executive's benefits under any of such plans or deprive the
Executive of any material fringe benefit enjoyed by the
Executive immediately before the beginning of the Protection
Period, or if the Company or a Subsidiary has failed to
provide the Executive with the number of paid vacation days to
which he or she would be entitled in accordance with the
applicable vacation policy of the
<PAGE>   11


Company or Subsidiary as in effect immediately before the
beginning of the Protection Period;

(D) if the Company or a Subsidiary has reduced in any
manner which the Executive reasonably considers important the
Executive's title job authorities or responsibilities
immediately before the beginning of the Protection Period;

(E) if the Company has failed to obtain the
assumption of the obligations contained in this Agreement by
any successor as contemplated in Section 7(ii) hereof; or

(F) if there occurs any purported termination of the
Executive's employment by the Company or a Subsidiary which is
not effected pursuant to a written notice of termination as
described in subsection (iii) or (iv) above; and for purposes
of this Agreement, no such purported termination shall be
effective.

The Executive shall exercise his or her right to terminate his or her
employment for Good Reason by giving the Company a written notice of
termination specifying in reasonable detail the circumstances constituting such
Good Reason. In
<PAGE>   12


that event, the Executive's employment shall terminate on the last day of the
month in which such notice is given.

A termination of employment by the Executive within a Protection
Period shall be for Good Reason if one of the occurrences specified in this
subsection (v) shall have occurred, notwithstanding that the Executive may have
other reasons for terminating employment, including employment by another
employer which the Executive desires to accept.

(vi) Transfers; Sale of Subsidiary. A transfer of employment
from the Company to a Subsidiary, from a Subsidiary to the Company, or
between Subsidiaries shall not be considered a termination of
employment for purposes of this Agreement. If the Company's ownership
of a corporation is reduced so as to cause such corporation to cease
to be a "Subsidiary" as defined in Section l(ii) of this Agreement and
the Executive continues in employment with such corporation, the
Executive shall not be considered to have terminated employment for
purposes of this Agreement and the Executive shall have no right to
any benefits pursuant to this Section 3 unless (I) a Change in Control
occurred prior to such reduction in ownership and (ii) the Executive's
employment terminates within the Protection Period beginning on the
date of such Change in Control
<PAGE>   13


under circumstances that would have entitled the Executive to benefits
if such corporation were still a Subsidiary.

3.      Benefits Upon Termination Within Protection Period.  If,
within a Protection Period, the Executive's employment by the Company or a
Subsidiary shall terminate other than (a) because of his or her death, (b)
because of a Disability, (c) because of Normal Retirement, (d) by the Company
for Cause, or (e) by the Executive other than for Good Reason, the Executive
shall be entitled to the benefits provided for below:

(i) The Company or a Subsidiary shall pay to the Executive
through the date of the Executive's termination of employment salary
at the rate then in effect, together with salary in lieu of vacation
accrued to the date on which his or her employment terminates, in
accordance with the standard payroll practices of the Company or
Subsidiary.

(ii) The Company shall pay the Executive as a severance payment
an amount equal to three times the sum of (A) his or her highest
annual salary in effect during any period of 12 consecutive months
within the 36 months immediately preceding his or her date of
termination of employment, and (B) the highest annual bonus awarded to
<PAGE>   14


the Executive under the Company's Corporate Bonus Plan or Operations
Bonus Plan or a similar bonus plan of a Subsidiary (or a successor to
any such bonus plan) in respect of any of 3 calendar years immediately
preceding the calendar year in which his or her date of termination of
employment falls.  Such severance payment shall be paid in a lump sum
within 10 business days after the date of such termination of
employment.

(iii) During the period of 36 months beginning on the date of
the Executive's termination of employment (the "Benefit Period"), the
Executive shall be deemed to remain an employee of the Company or the
applicable Subsidiary for purposes of the applicable medical and
insurance plans of the Company and its Subsidiaries (but excluding any
disability, business travel, or spending account plans), and shall be
entitled to receive the benefits available to employees thereunder,
provided that continued participation is possible under applicable law
and the terms of such plan or program, and provided, further, that if
the Executive would qualify for retiree benefits during the Benefit
Period under the applicable medical or insurance plan without regard
to this Agreement, the Executive shall instead be entitled to receive
the benefits available to retirees in accordance with the terms of
such plan.  In
<PAGE>   15

the event that the Executive's participation in any suet benefit plan
or program is barred, the Company shall arrange to provide the
Executive with substantially similar benefits.

(iv) The Company shall supplement the benefits payable under
the CPC International Inc. Non-Contributory Retirement Income Plan for
Salaried Employees or any successor plan (the "Retirement Plan"), the
CPC International Inc. Excess Benefit Plan or any successor plan (the
"Excess plan"), and the CPC International Inc. Special Restricted
Stock Plan or any successor plan (the "Restricted Stock Plan") (all
determined without regard to this Section 3) by providing to the
Executive the additional benefits that the Executive would have been
entitled to receive if he or she had remained in the employment of the
Company during the Benefit Period earning compensation at the rate in
effect on the date his or her employment terminates.

The supplemental benefits pursuant to this subsection (iv) in
respect of the Retirement Plan and Excess Plan shall be treated as
additional benefits under the Excess Plan, shall be payable in the
same form and commencing at the same time as benefits payable under
the Excess Plan, and shall be subject to the provisions of the
<PAGE>   16


Excess Plan. The Executive's beneficiary with respect to such benefits
shall be the same person or persons as determined under the Excess
Plan.

The supplemental benefits pursuant to this subsection (iv) in
respect of the Restricted Stock Plan shall be treated as additional
benefits under the Restricted Stock Plan, shall be payable in the same
form and commencing at the same time as benefits payable under the
Restricted Stock Plan, and shall be subject to the provisions of the
Restricted Stock Plan. The Executive s beneficiary with respect to
such benefits shall be the same person or persons as determined under
the Restricted Stock Plan.

(v) The Executive shall be entitled to all payments and
benefits provided for by or pursuant to this Section 3 whether or not
he or she seeks or obtains other employment.

4.       Parachute Payments.

If any payment or benefit received by or in respect of the Executive
under this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement with the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including without limitation any payment or
benefit under the CPC International Inc. 1993 Stock and Performance
<PAGE>   17


Plan and any predecessor or successor thereto (determined without regard to any
additional payments required under this Section 4 and Appendix A) (a "Payment")
would be subject to the tax (the "Excise Tax") imposed by Section 4999 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (or any similar tax that
may hereafter be imposed), the Company shall pay to the Executive with respect
to such Payment at the time specified in Appendix A an additional amount (the
"Gross-up Payment") such that the net amount retained by the Executive from the
Payment and the Gross-up Payment, after reduction for any Excise Tax upon the
Payment and any Federal, state and local income tax and Excise Tax upon the
Gross-up Payment, shall be equal to the Payment. The calculation and payment of
the Gross-up Payment shall be subject to the provisions of Appendix A. The
Executive shall be entitled to Gross-up Payments pursuant to this Section 4
irrespective of whether the Executive has satisfied the conditions for
receiving benefits pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement.

5.      No Other Severance Benefits; Right to Other Plan Benefits

In the event of termination of the Executive's employment within a
Protection Period under circumstances entitling the Executive to benefits
hereunder, the Executive shall not be entitled to any other severance benefits
except those provided by or pursuant to this Agreement, and the Executive
<PAGE>   18

hereby waives any claim against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
affiliates for any additional severance benefits to which he or she might
otherwise be entitled. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, nothing in
this Agreement shall be construed as limiting in any way any rights or benefits
that the Executive may have pursuant to the terms of any other plan, program or
arrangement maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates.

6.      Termination of Employment Aqreements.

Any and all Employment Agreements entered into between the company or
any of its Subsidiaries and the Executive prior to the date of this Agreement
are hereby terminated.

7.      Amendment; Successors; Bindinq Agreement.

(i) This Agreement may be amended or terminated only by an
instrument in writing signed by the Company and the Executive. The
Company expressly acknowledges that the Executive shall have a binding
and irrevocable right to the benefits set forth hereunder in the event
of his or her termination of employment during a Protection Period to
the extent provided in Section 2. Any purported amendment or
termination of this Agreement by the Company (other than by an
instrument in writing signed by the Company and the Executive) shall
be ineffective, and the
<PAGE>   19

Executive shall not lose any right hereunder by failing to contest
such a purported amendment or termination.

(ii) The Company shall require any successor (whether direct
or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all
or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company, to
expressly assume and agree to honor this Agreement in the same manner
and to the same extent that the Company would be required to so honor
if no such succession had taken place. Failure of the Company to
obtain such agreement prior to the effectiveness of any such
succession shall be a violation of this Agreement and shall entitle
the Executive to benefits from the Company or such successor in the
same amount and on the same terms as the Executive would be entitled
hereunder if he or she terminated his or her employment for Good
Reason, except that for purposes of implementing the foregoing, the
date on which any such succession becomes effective shall be deemed
the date of termination of employment. As used in this subsection
(ii), "Company" shall mean the Company hereinbefore defined and any
successor to its business and/or assets as aforesaid which executes
and delivers the agreement provided for in this subsection (ii) or
which otherwise becomes bound by all the terms and provisions of this
Agreement by operation of
<PAGE>   20

law. The Company shall promptly notify the Executive of any succession
by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or
substantially all the business and/or assets of the Company and shall
state whether or not the successor has executed the agreement required
by this subsection (ii) and, if so, shall make a copy of such
agreement available to the Executive.

(iii) This Agreement and all rights of the Executive hereunder
shall inure to the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, the
Executive and the Executive's legal representatives. If the Executive
should die while any amounts remain payable to him or her hereunder,
all such amounts shall be paid to his or her designated beneficiary
or, if there be no such beneficiary, to his or her estate.

(iv) The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that the
Executive shall have a contractual right to the benefits provided
hereunder, and the Company expressly waives any ability, if possible,
to deny liability for any breach of its contractual commitment
hereunder upon the grounds of lack of consideration, accord and
satisfaction or any other defense. If any dispute arises after a
Change in Control as to whether the Executive is entitled to benefits
under this Agreement, there shall be a presumption that the Executive
is entitled to such benefits
<PAGE>   21

and the burden of proving otherwise shall be on the Company.

(v) The Company's obligation to provide the benefits set forth
in this Agreement shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be
affected by any circumstances, including, without limitation, any
set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, or other right which the Company or
any Subsidiary may have against the Executive or anyone else. All
amounts payable by the Company hereunder shall be paid without notice
or demand. Each and every payment made hereunder by the Company or any
Subsidiary shall be final, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
will seek to recover all or any portion of such payment from the
Executive or from whomsoever may be entitled thereto, for any reason
whatsoever.

8.      Notice. All notices of termination and other communications
provided for in this Agreement shall be in writinq and shall be deemed to have
been duly given when delivered by hand or mailed by United States registered
mail, return receipt requested, addressed as follows:

If to the Executive _______________
_______________
_______________
<PAGE>   22

If to the Company:

CPC International Inc.
P. O. Box 8000
International Plaza
Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey 07632

Attention: Vice President - Human
Resources

or to such other address as either party may have furnished to the other in
writing in accordance herewith.

9.      Miscellaneous. No provision of this Agreement may be waived or
modified unless such waiver or modification is in writing and signed by the
Executive and the Company s Chief Executive Officer or such other officer as
may be designated by the Board. No waiver by either party of any breach by the
other party of, or compliance with, any provision of this Agreement shall be
deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions at the same or any prior or
subsequent time. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of
this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New Jersey,
without regard to its principles of conflict of laws, and by applicable laws of
the United States.

10.     Validity. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision
of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other
provision, which shall remain in full force and effect.
<PAGE>   23


11.     Legal Expenses; Dispute Resolution; Arbitration.

(i) The Company shall promptly pay all legal fees and related
expenses incurred by the Executive in seeking to obtain or enforce any
right or benefit under this Aqreement (including all fees and
expenses, if any, incurred in seeking advice in connection therewith).

(ii) If any dispute or controversy arises under or in
connection with this Agreement, including without limitation any claim
under any Federal, state or local law, rule, decision or order
relating to employment or the fact or manner of its termination, the
Company and the Executive shall attempt to resolve such dispute or
controversy through good faith negotiations.

(iii) If such parties fail to resolve such dispute or
controveray within ninety days, such dispute or controveray shall, if
the Executive so elects, be settled by arbitration, conducted before a
panel of three arbitrators in New York City in accordance with the
applicable rules and procedures of the American Arbitration
Association then in effect. Judgment upon the award rendered by the
arbitrators may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. Such
arbitration shall be final and binding on the parties. Costs of any
arbitration, including, without
<PAGE>   24


limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees of both parties, shall be borne
by the Company.

(iv) If such parties fail to resolve such dispute or
controversy within ninety days and the Executive does not elect
arbitration, legal proceedings may be instituted, in which event the
Company shall be required to pay the Executive's legal fees and
related expenses to the extent set forth in subsection (i) above.

(v) Pending the resolution of any arbitration or court
proceeding, the Company shall continue payment of all amounts due the
Executive under this Agreement and all benefits to which the Executive
is entitled other than those specifically at issue in the arbitration
or court proceeding.
<PAGE>   25


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the
day and year first above written.

CPC INTERNATIONAL INC.

By:___________________

EXECUTIVE

_______________________
<PAGE>   26

Appendix A
Gross-up Payments


The following provisions shall be applicable with respect to the
Gross-up Payments described in Section 4:

(a) For purposes of determining whether any of the Payments will be
subject to the Excise Tax and the amount of such Excise Tax, (a) all of the
Payments received or to be received shall be treated as "parachute payments"
within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, and all "excess parachute
payments" within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(l) of the Code shall be treated
aa subject to the Excise Tax unless, in the opinion of tax counsel selected by
the Executive and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the Payments (in whole
or in part) do not constitute parachute payments, including by reason of
Section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the Code, or excess parachute payments (as determined
after application of Section 280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code), and (b) the value of
any non-cash benefits or any deferred payment or benefit shall be determined by
independent auditors selected by the Executive and reasonably acceptable to the
Company in accordance with the principles of Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the
Code. For purposes of determining the amount of the Gross-up Payment the
Executive shall be deemed to pay Federal income taxes at the highest marginal
rate of Federal income taxation in the calendar year in
<PAGE>   27

which the Gross-up Payment is to be made and state and local income taxes at
the highest marginal rate of taxation to which such payment could be subject
based upon the state and locality of the Executive's residence or employment,
net of the maximum reduction in Federal income taxes which could be obtained
from deduction of such state and local taxes. In the event that the Excise Tax
is subsequently determined to be less than the amount taken into account
hereunder at the time the Gross-up Payment is made, the Executive shall repay
to Company, at the time that the amount of such reduction in Excise Tax is
finally determined, the portion of the Gross-up Payment attributable to such
reduction (plus the portion of the Gross-up Payment attributable to the Excise
Tax and Federal and state and local income tax imposed on the portion of the
Gross- up Payment being repaid by the Executive if such repayment results in a
reduction in Excise Tax and/or a Federal and state and local income tax
deduction), plus interest on the amount of such repayment at the Federal
short-term rate as defined in Section 1274(d)(1)(C)(i) of the Code. In the
event that the Excise Tax is determined to exceed the amount taken into account
hereunder at the time the Gross-up Payment is made (including by reason of any
payments the existence or amount of which cannot be determined at the time of
the Gross-up Payment), the Company shall make an additional gross-up payment in
respect of such excess (plus any interest, penalties or additions payable with





<PAGE>   28


respect to such excess) at the time that the amount of such excess is finally
determined. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall withhold from any
payment due to the Executive the amount required by law to be so withheld under
Federal, state or local wage withholding requirements or otherwise, and shall
pay over to the appropriate government authorities the amount so withheld.

(b) The Gross-up Payment with respect to a Payment shall be paid not
later than the thirtieth day following the date of the Payment; provided,
however, that if the amount of such Gross-up Payment or portion thereof cannot
be finally determined on or before such day, the Company shall pay to the
Executive on such date an estimate, as determined in good faith by the Company,
of the amount of such payments and shall pay the remainder of such payments
(together with interest at the Federal short-term rate provided in Section
1274(d)(1)(C)(i) of the Code) as soon as the amount thereof can be determined.
In the event that the amount of the estimated payments exceeds the amount
subsequently determined to have been due, such excess shall constitute a loan
by the Company to the Executive, payable on the fifth day after demand by the
Company (together with interest at the Federal short-term rate provided in
Section 1274(d)(1)(C)(i) of the code). At the time that payments are made under
Section 4 and this Appendix A, the Company shall





<PAGE>   29

provide the Executive with a written statement setting forth the manner in
which such payments were calculated and the basis for such calculations,
including, without limitation, any opinions or other advice the Company has
received from outside counsel, auditors or consultants (and any such opinions
or advice which are in writing shall be attached to the statement).

(c) The Company shall promptly pay the fees and related expenses of
any tax counsel and auditors selected by the Executive to provide services in
connection with this Appendix A.






