












SEVERANCE AGREEMENT


THIS SEVERANCE  AGREEMENT  ("Agreement") is made and entered into as of the
25th day of July,  1998, by and between Casey's  General  Stores,  Inc., an Iowa
corporation  (the  "Company"),  and Douglas K. Shull, an individual  residing in
Indianola, Iowa ("Shull").

WHEREAS,  the Company has been offered and has determined to accept Shull's
resignations  from  participation  in the active  management of the Company as a
member  of the Board of  Directors  and as  Treasurer  and the  parties  wish to
provide for an orderly transition of Shull's duties to others.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set
forth in this Agreement, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. RESIGNATION AS TREASURER.  Shull acknowledges that his execution of this
Agreement  constitutes his formal written  resignation from his current position
as  Treasurer  of the Company  effective  as of the date hereof (the  "Effective
Date"),  and that the  Company's  execution of this  Agreement  constitutes  its
acceptance  of his  resignation.  As of  the  Effective  Date,  Shull  shall  be
immediately and completely  relieved of any and all duties and  responsibilities
formerly assigned to him in his capacity as Treasurer of the Company.  Except as
provided herein,  all privileges of Shull's current position as Treasurer of the
Company  shall cease as of the  Effective  Date.  Shull and the Company  further
agree that the Amended and Restated Employment  Agreement dated October 24, 1997
between  Shull  and the  Company  (the  "Employment  Agreement")  shall be of no
further force or effect from and after the Effective  Date, and that the rights,
responsibilities,  duties and  obligations  of the  Company  and Shull set forth
therein shall be terminated contemporaneously herewith.

2. RESIGNATION AS DIRECTOR AND WITHDRAWAL OF NOMINATION. Shull acknowledges
that his execution of this Agreement  constitutes his formal written resignation
from his  current  positions  as a member of the Board of  Directors  of (i) the
Company and (ii) Casey's Marketing  Company,  each as of the Effective Date, and
that the Company's execution of this Agreement constitutes its acceptance of his
resignation. As of the Effective Date, Shull shall be immediately and completely
relieved of any and all duties and  responsibilities in his capacity as a member
of the Board of  Directors  of the Company and Casey's  Marketing  Company.  The
Company  shall  promptly  withdraw its  nomination of Shull as a director of the
Company  for the coming  year,  and Shull  agrees not to stand for  election  or
permit himself to be


<PAGE>



nominated as a director of the Company at the Annual Meeting of shareholders on
September 18, 1998.

3.       PAYMENTS TO SHULL.

(a) In consideration of the terms hereof,  the Company agrees to pay Shull,
and Shull agrees to accept, the following payments:

(i) Commencing on September 1, 1998, and extending until Shull's death and,
following his death, to his surviving  spouse,  if any, until the earlier of (i)
the  expiration  of the period ending on September 1, 2018, or (ii) the death of
his spouse,  an annual  payment of Seventy Five  Thousand  Dollars  ($75,000) in
equal monthly installments payable on the first day of each month.

(ii) Shull's present salary through August 31, 1998.

(iii) On August 31, 1998,  Thirty  Thousand  Dollars  ($30,000),  an amount
equal to one-third (1/3) of the highest annual bonus distributed to Shull during
the three preceding fiscal years.

(iv) On August 31, 1998,  an amount equal to the current  value to Shull of
thirty (30) days of unused vacation.

(b)  In the  event  of a  Change  of  Control  (as  defined  in  the  Employment
Agreement)  of the  Company,  Shull  shall  have  the  right  at  any  time
thereafter  to  demand  that  the  present  value of the  remaining  annual
payments  described in Section  3(a)(i) be calculated and paid to him, with
such payment to be made by the Company  within thirty (30) days of the date
of his written demand for the same. For this purpose,  the present value of
the remaining  payments shall be calculated  using a discount rate equal to
the sum of (i) the  yield of a U.S.  Treasury  security  having a  maturity
comparable  to the  remaining  number of years that such payments are to be
made to Shull,  plus (ii) three hundred basis points.  Following any Change
of Control, the Company agrees to pay, to the full extent permitted by law,
all legal fees and expenses which Shull may reasonably incur as a result of
any contest  (regardless  of the outcome  thereof) by the Company or others
(including Shull) of the validity or enforceability of, or liability under,
any provision of this Agreement, plus interest


<PAGE>



at the  applicable  federal rate provided for in Section  7872(f)(2) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

(c)  Shull acknowledges that the payments set forth above shall fully compensate
him for any and all  sums  owed to him by the  Company  in  respect  of the
Employment Agreement,  the Company's Non- Qualified  Supplemental Executive
Retirement Plan (the "SERP") and for the releases and obligations contained
herein.

4. OTHER  BENEFITS;  HEALTH  INSURANCE;  AND  AUTOMOBILE.  The  Company
further agrees with Shull as follows:

(a)  During the two-year period  following the Effective Date, the Company shall
continue  benefits  to Shull and his  spouse at least  equal to those  then
provided by the Company to Shull and other key employees of the Company and
their  spouses,  including  but not  limited to health  and life  insurance
coverages.

(b)  Notwithstanding  Section  4(a)  hereof,  but  subject  to any  limitations,
restrictions,  or  conditions  that shall from time to time be necessary to
satisfy  the   requirements  of  applicable   federal  or  state  laws  and
regulations,  or which may be  imposed  by virtue of any  health  insurance
plans or coverages  provided by the Company  with respect to its  employees
generally,  the Company shall use its best efforts to include Shull and his
spouse in the group for which the Company seeks health insurance  coverages
for its  employees  and to continue  at all times to include  Shull and his
spouse in the Company's  group health  insurance  coverages and provide the
same  to  Shull  and  his  spouse  at  the   current   level  of   employee
participation,  except to the extent and only  until  such  coverage  is or
otherwise  becomes  available  to Shull and his spouse  under the  Medicare
program  of  benefits.  In the  event  Shull  or his  spouse  shall  become
ineligible  for such  coverages  under the  Company's  then-current  health
insurance  plans or programs  during the term hereof,  the Company shall so
inform  Shull  and  shall  commence  the  monthly  payment  to Shull of One
Thousand Two Hundred Dollars ($1,200),  with such payments continuing until
such  coverage is or  otherwise  becomes  available to Shull and his spouse
under the Medicare  program of benefits or under a subsequent  Company plan
of  insurance.  The  Company  agrees  that it shall  not  dispute  any such
ineligibility  is a "qualifying  event" under COBRA.  Upon request of Shull
from time to time, the


<PAGE>



Company will inform  Shull in writing of its  understanding  of the  eligibility
status  of Shull  and  Shull's  spouse  under the  Company's  group  health
insurance coverages, and shall provide Shull with such other information as
he may reasonably request with respect to the insurance coverage, including
the name of the relevant company and agent or broker involved.

(c)  To the extent  permitted by  applicable  law and the  administrator  of the
Company's existing 401(k) plan, Shull may cause any eligible portion of the
payments  described in Section 3 hereof to be deposited  and  maintained in
his account with said plan.

(d)  Nothing  herein  shall  affect  any  rights  Shull may have under any stock
option agreements with the Company.

(e)  Shull shall have the  opportunity  until  August 31,  1998 to purchase  the
automobile  he is  presently  using  at the  wholesale  price  thereof,  as
reasonably  determined by the Company.  Shull acknowledges his personal and
detailed knowledge of said automobile and its present condition, and agrees
that any  purchase of the same by him shall be on an "as is" basis and with
all faults.  In the event Shull  determines  to purchase  said  automobile,
Shull agrees to execute a bill of sale and any other documents necessary to
accomplish the transfer of ownership of said automobile,  all in the manner
and form reasonably  requested by the Company.  If Shull does not determine
to purchase said automobile,  Shull shall return the same to the Company on
August 31, 1998 in its present condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted.

5.  CONSULTING  SERVICES.  During the period between the Effective Date and
August 31,  1998,  Shull  agrees to hold  himself  available  at the  reasonable
request  of the  Company  to  consult  with the  officers,  directors  and other
representatives  of the Company with respect to the preparation of the Company's
financial  statements  and Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ending July 31, 1998
and the transition of his successor as Treasurer.

6. CONFIDENTIALITY. During the two-year period following the Effective Date
hereof,   Shull  shall  not  directly  or   indirectly   reveal  to  sources  or
organizations  outside the  Company,  without the prior  written  consent of the
Company, any matters,  details,  information,  knowledge, or data concerning the
business,  operation or  management of Company which shall have been obtained by
Shull during his


<PAGE>



employment  by the  Company  and which  shall not have been or be  publicly
disclosed  in  writing  by  the  Company  or  which  is not  otherwise  publicly
available.  Nothing herein,  however, shall prevent Shull from responding to the
requirements  of  legal  process.  In the  event of any  breach  by Shull of the
covenant set forth in this Section, Shull shall repay upon demand by the Company
any and all sums he has received  pursuant to Section 3 hereof and the Company's
obligation to make any further  payments to Shull shall  thereupon be discharged
and terminated in full and be of no further force or effect.

7. RESTRICTIVE COVENANT. During the two-year period following the Effective
Date hereof, Shull shall not directly or indirectly associate with,  participate
in or render service to, whether as an employee, officer, director,  consultant,
independent  contractor or otherwise,  any  organization  that is engaged in the
business of the sale of gasoline and groceries in competition  with the Company,
and he shall not himself engage in any such business on his own account.  In the
event of any breach by Shull of the  covenant set forth in this  Section,  Shull
shall repay upon demand by the Company any and all sums he has received pursuant
to Section 3 hereof and the Company's obligation to make any further payments to
Shull shall  thereupon be discharged and terminated in full and be of no further
force or effect.

8.       RELEASES.

(a)  Other than  claims  based upon a breach of this  Agreement  or  affirmative
defenses or  counterclaims  that Shull may have in  connection  with claims
brought by the Company  pursuant to Section 8 (c), Shull  acknowledges  and
agrees  that the  execution  of this  Agreement  shall  constitute  a full,
complete  and final  release and  discharge  by Shull of any and all claims
against the  Company  and its  directors,  officers,  attorneys,  insurers,
employees  and  their  heirs,  executors,  administrators,  successors  and
assigns, from any and all claims or demands, whether known or unknown, that
Shull may have based on his  employment  with the Company,  the  Employment
Agreement,  the SERP or the severance of his employment as Treasurer.  This
includes,  but is not  limited  to, a full  release of any rights or claims
Shull may have under the Federal Age  Discrimination in Employment Act, the
Federal Civil Rights Act, the Iowa Civil Rights Act, or any other  federal,
state  or  local  laws,   ordinances,   regulations  or  Executive   Orders
prohibiting  employment  discrimination.  This also  includes  a release by
Shull of any claims for  attorneys'  fees,  wrongful  discharge,  or claims
based upon tort or contract,  statute or common law.  This  release  covers
both  claims  that Shull  knows about and those that he may not know about,
and is


<PAGE>



binding  upon him and his  dependents,  representatives,  successors,
heirs and assigns.

(b)  If Shull  breaches the covenant set forth in Section 8(a) of this Agreement
and files a claim,  charge,  complaint or lawsuit based on any of the legal
claims that he has  released  herein,  Shull shall repay upon demand by the
Company,  any and all sums he has received pursuant to Section 3 hereof and
the  Company's  obligation  to make any  further  payments  to Shull  shall
thereupon be discharged  and  terminated in full and be of no further force
or effect.  Shull shall also pay for all  reasonable  costs incurred by the
Company or any released party or entity,  including  reasonable  attorneys'
fees, in defending against any such claim.

(c)  The Company hereby releases Shull, his successors, heirs and assigns,  and
agrees to hold him  harmless  from any and all claims  that the Company may
have under the  Employment  Agreement  or  otherwise  arising  from Shull's
employment  by the  Company  or his  service  on the  Board  of  Directors;
provided, however, that nothing herein is intended or shall be construed to
release  Shull  or hold  him  harmless  from  any  claims  arising  from or
attributable to (i) any willful and knowing breach or violation by Shull of
any Company policy,  regulation or written directive, (ii) any violation by
Shull of any federal,  state or local law (including but not limited to any
violation  of  the  federal  or  state  securities   laws),  or  (iii)  any
intentional material  misstatement,  omission or misrepresentation  made by
Shull in connection with his duties as Treasurer of the Company,  including
but  not   limited  to  his   participation,   approval,   preparation   or
dissemination of any tax return, financial statement,  application, license
or other permit of or on behalf of the Company or its subsidiaries.

(d)  Nothing  herein shall affect any rights Shull may have under the  Company's
articles of incorporation or bylaws,  insurance or under applicable law, in
each case  relating  to Shull's  service  as a  director  or officer of the
Company or its subsidiaries.

9.       RELIANCE ON OWN COUNSEL AND ACCOUNTANT.

(a)  By his execution hereof, Shull acknowledges that he is not relying upon any
statement, representation, opinion or advice of the


<PAGE>



Company or of its officers, agents, employees,  attorneys, or anyone else acting
on its behalf,  concerning the consequences to Shull of the release set forth in
Section  8  hereof  or his  receipt  of the  payments  described  herein.  Shull
acknowledges  that he has obtained  counsel and accountants of his own choosing,
with  whom he has  conferred,  and  upon  whom  he is  relying  exclusively,  in
evaluating  this  Agreement and the legal and tax  consequences  that may result
therefrom.

(b)  Shull further acknowledges that he and his counsel and accountants have had
sufficient  time to consider  the  provisions  of this  Agreement  and have
participated  in the  negotiation of the terms hereof.  Shull  acknowledges
that he has read this  Agreement  in its  entirety,  understands  it and is
voluntarily entering into it.

10. PRESS RELEASE. The Company and Shull agree to meet and confer regarding
the contents of a press  release to be  disseminated  by the Company  concerning
Shull's resignation prior to such dissemination.  Until the Company has publicly
released  information  relating to this  Agreement,  the Company and Shull agree
that each shall not disseminate or communicate in any form,  written or oral, to
any person,  the substance of this Agreement or the terms and conditions hereof.
It is  recognized  that the terms of this  confidentiality  provision  shall not
include  any  discussion  Shull may have with his  spouse or  daughter,  or that
either Shull or the Company have with their legal  representatives  or certified
public  accountants  concerning the provisions of this Agreement,  provided that
they  are  informed  of and  bound  by  this  confidentiality  agreement.  Shull
acknowledges and agrees that (i) such  information may be considered  "material"
under  the  federal  securities  laws and that any  selective  dissemination  or
communication thereof may be prohibited by law and subject him to both civil and
criminal penalties and (ii) he will indemnify and hold the Company harmless from
any breach by him of the foregoing confidentiality provision.

11. REFERENCES. The parties agree that all requests for references that are
received by  employees of the Company  (excluding  its outside  directors)  with
respect  to Shull's  employment  shall be  directed  to Donald F.  Lamberti  for
response.  In the event  Mr.  Lamberti  shall be  unavailable  at the time,  the
Company shall so advise Shull and seek his further direction.

12. LEGAL FEES.  The Company  agrees to pay Shull,  on August 31, 1998,  an
amount  equal to the  legal  fees  incurred  by Shull in  connection  with  this
Agreement,  upon submission to the Company of appropriate  invoices with respect
thereto, but in no event in excess of Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00).


<PAGE>



13.  WITHHOLDING.  The Company may withhold from any amounts  payable under
this  Agreement  such  federal,  state or local taxes as shall be required to be
withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

14. NO  ASSIGNMENT.  Neither  party may assign or  otherwise  transfer  its
interest in or obligations under this Agreement or any of the payments described
herein,  except as  contemplated  by this  Agreement,  without the prior written
consent of the other party.

15.  WAIVER.  The failure of either Shull or the Company to insist,  in any
one or more instances,  upon the  performance of any of the terms,  covenants or
conditions of this Agreement,  shall not be viewed as a waiver or relinquishment
of any right granted  hereunder or of the future  performance  of any such term,
covenant or condition,  but rather the  obligations of both parties with respect
to this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.

16.  NOTICES.  Any and all notices  provided for in this Agreement shall be
deemed given or delivered on the date of receipt  thereof by the party receiving
such  notice.  Any and all such  notices  shall be directed  as follows:  If the
Company,  Casey's General  Stores,  Inc., One Convenience  Blvd.,  Ankeny,  Iowa
50021,  Attention:  President;  and if to Shull,  to his residence in Indianola,
Iowa or to such other address as may be designated by him.

17.  SUCCESSORS  AND  ASSIGNS.  This  Agreement  shall be binding  upon any
successor  or  successors  of the Company and further  shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of Shull and his spouse.

18.  AMENDMENTS.  No change,  amendment or  modification  of this Agreement
shall be valid  unless the same be in  writing  and  signed by the  Company  and
Shull.

19. CONSTRUCTION. This Agreement shall be deemed to be made in the State of
Iowa and shall be governed by the laws of the State of Iowa.

20.  COUNTERPARTS.  This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  any  number  of
counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed to be an original  and all of which
taken together shall  constitute one and the same instrument with the same force
and effect as if both parties had executed the same document.




<PAGE>


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the respective parties have caused this Agreement to be
executed on the day and year first above written.


CASEY'S GENERAL STORES, INC.



By:     /s/ Ronald M.  Lamb
Ronald M.  Lamb, President And Chief
Executive Officer

ATTEST:



By:      /s/ John G.  Harmon
John G.  Harmon, Corporate Secretary




/s/ Douglas K.  Shull
Douglas K.  Shull




<PAGE>

