










Exhibit 10.2


GENERAL SEVERANCE AGREEMENT


This
General Severance Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made as of the 8th day of June,
2011, between Enzon Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation, with offices
in Bridgewater, New Jersey (the “Company”), and Ana I. Stancic (“Executive”),
a resident of New Jersey.


BACKGROUND


A.
This Agreement is intended to specify, among other things, the financial
arrangements that the Company will provide to the Executive upon Executive’s separation
from employment with the Company under any of the circumstances described
herein.


B.
Executive is employed by the Company in the capacity of Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial
Officer, and, as such, is a key executive of the Company.


C.
This Agreement is entered into by the Company in the belief that it is in the
best interests of the Company and its shareholders to provide stable conditions
of employment for Executive notwithstanding the possibility of, among other
things, a threat or occurrence of certain types of change in control, thereby
enhancing the Company’s ability to attract and retain highly qualified people.


D.
The Company believes that it is important that it receive certain assurances
with respect to its Confidential Information, proprietary information,
intellectual property, trade secrets and Executive’s work product, and that the
Company receive certain protections with respect to Executive’s activities following
termination of Executive’s employment, and the Company is willing to offer
Executive the compensation, bonuses and other benefits set forth in this
Agreement in order to obtain such assurances and protections.


TERMS


To
assure the Company that it will have the continued dedication of Executive
notwithstanding the possibility, threat or occurrence of a bid to take over
control of the Company, and to induce Executive to remain in the employ of the
Company, in consideration of the foregoing premises and for other good and
valuable consideration, the Company and Executive agree as follows:


1.
Term of Agreement. The term of this Agreement (“Term”) shall commence on
the date hereof as first written above and shall continue through the term of
Executive’s employment with the Company; provided that in the
event that there occurs, during the Term, a Change in Control, as defined in
Section 7(c) hereof, this Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of 12
months beyond the date of such Change in Control.













(a)
The terms of the offer letter sent by the Company to the Executive dated May 17, 2011
(the “Offer Letter”), shall be incorporated by reference into this
Agreement and shall be an integral part hereof. The compensation payable to
Executive


























during each fiscal year of the Company beginning
after the date of commencement of Executive’s employment shall be established
by the Principal Executive Officer following an annual performance review,
but in no event shall the annual rate of Base Salary or the Target Bonus set
forth in the Offer Letter for any successive year of the Term be less than
the highest annual rate of Base Salary or Target Bonus, as applicable, in
effect during the previous year of the Term.





2.
Severance upon Termination without Cause or Termination by Executive for
Good Reason in Connection with Change in Control. Subject to the limitation
set forth in Section 3 hereof, in the event the Company terminates Executive’s
employment without Cause, or in the event of a Termination by Executive for
Good Reason, and either such termination occurs within the period which
commences ninety (90) days before and ends one (1) year following a Change in
Control as defined in Section 7(c):













(a)
Executive shall receive her Base Salary through the date of termination;













(b)
Executive shall receive a pro rated portion of the Target Bonus (based on the
Base Salary at the time of such termination) which would have been payable to
Executive for the fiscal year during which such termination occurs;













(c)
Executive shall receive cash payments equal to one (1) times the sum of
the following: (i) her Base Salary at the time of such termination and (ii) the Target Bonus (based on
the Base Salary immediately prior to such termination) for the fiscal year in
which such termination occurs;













(d)
Executive shall continue to be entitled to any deferred compensation and
other unpaid amounts and benefits earned and vested prior to Executive’s
termination;













(e)
if Executive and Executive’s Family Members have medical and dental coverage
on the date of such termination under a group health plan sponsored by the
Company, the Company will reimburse Executive for the total applicable
premium cost for medical and dental coverage under COBRA for Executive and
Executive’s Family Members for a period of twelve (12) months, commencing on the date of such
termination; provided, that the Company shall have no obligation to reimburse
Executive for the premium cost of COBRA coverage as of the date Executive and
Executive’s Family Members become eligible to obtain comparable benefits from
a subsequent employer;













(f)
the Company shall provide Executive outplacement assistance, as determined by
the Company in its discretion.





3.
Effect of Change in Control. In the event of a Change of Control as
defined in Section 7(c) in addition to any other consequences provided for in
this Agreement,













(a)
all options to acquire shares of the Company held by the Executive shall
become fully vested immediately prior to the effective date of the Change in
Control.




2




















Executive shall have a reasonable opportunity to
exercise all or any portion of such options prior to the effective date of
the Change in Control, and any options not exercised prior to the effective
date of the Change in Control shall terminate as of the effective date of the
Change in Control and will be of no further force or effect. To the extent
that this section 3(a) is inconsistent with the provisions of the relevant
plan and granting instruments under which such options were issued, the
Company and Executive agree that such inconsistent provisions are hereby
superceded and the provisions of this Section 3(a) shall govern; and













(b)
all shares of restricted stock and/or restricted stock units awarded to
Executive shall fully vest immediately prior to the Change in Control.





4.
Limitation. Nothing in this Agreement or in any other plan, award or
agreement of the Company applicable to the Executive shall result in the
reduction or limitation of (i) any payments under Section 2 and/or (ii) the
accelerated vesting of options to acquire common stock and/or (iii) shares of
restricted stock and/or restricted stock units under Section 3 or (iv) any
other payments or benefits (the “Total Payments”) that may be deemed to be
contingent upon a change in ownership or control pursuant to Section 280G of
the Internal Revenue Code (“Code”), regardless of whether the Total Payments
would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code. If the
Executive does become liable for any excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code,
such liability shall not entitle the Executive to any additional payments from
the Company to reimburse the Executive for such tax liability. The Company
shall be entitled to withhold from payments due to the Executive an amount
equal to the actual amount of any excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code to
which the Executive is subject, as determined by the Company’s independent
auditors.


5.
Time of Payments. All payments made to Executive under any of the
subsections of Section 2 which are based upon Executive’s Base Salary or Target
Bonus shall be made at or as soon as practicable after the termination of
Executive’s employment.


6.
Release. Notwithstanding anything else herein to the contrary, Executive
shall not be entitled to realize or receive any termination related benefits
provided for under this Agreement, including, without limitation, all
post-termination payments and the acceleration of option or restricted stock or
restricted stock unit vesting schedules, unless Executive shall have executed
and delivered to the Company a full release (reasonably satisfactory to the
Executive and the Company’s counsel) of all claims against the Company and its
affiliates, successors and assigns.


7.
Definitions.













(a)
“Base Salary” means Executive’s annual base salary as established by
the Board of Directors of the Company (“Board”) or the Compensation Committee
from time to time. Executive’s initial Base Salary is as set forth in the
Offer Letter













(b)
“Cause” means:













(i)
the willful engaging by Executive in illegal conduct or gross misconduct
which is demonstrably and materially injurious to the Company; or





3




















(ii)
Executive’s refusal or inability to perform the duties of his or her position
as an executive employed by the Company, which refusal or inability is
demonstrably and materially injurious to the Company; or













(iii)
Executive’s breach of his or her obligations under this Agreement or any
employment agreement between the Company and Executive, which breach is
demonstrably and materially injurious to the Company; or













(iv)
Executive’s failure, where
applicable, to maintain Executive’s immigration status with the U.S.
Immigration and Naturalization Service or the Executive’s failure to maintain
valid employment authorization to provide services to the Company.













For
purposes of this Section 7(b), no act or failure to act on Executive’s part
shall be deemed “willful” unless done, or omitted to be done, by Executive
not in good faith and without reasonable belief that Executive’s action of
omission was in the best interest of the Company. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, with respect to the definitions of Cause set forth in clauses
(i)-(iii) above, Executive shall not be deemed to have been terminated for
Cause unless and until the Company delivers to Executive a notice of such
termination for Cause. Such notice shall be in writing, addressed to
Executive, labeled “Personal and Confidential,” and sent to the address for
Executive set forth in Section 8(i) hereof. Any such notice shall describe,
with particularity, the conduct of Executive forming the basis for such
termination of employment. Any such notices shall become effective on the 30th
day following delivery thereof to Executive if Executive has not cured the
conduct identified in such notice to the satisfaction of the Company, provided,
however, that the Company may elect to make such termination
effective immediately, in which case Executive’s employment shall terminate
immediately upon delivery of the notice of termination, but the Company shall
continue to pay Executive his or her salary during such 30-day period and the
last day of such 30-day period shall be deemed to be the date of termination
of his or her employment for purposes of any pro rata calculations and
determination of post-termination periods under this agreement.













(c)
“Change in Control” means the following:













(i)
“Board Change” which, for purposes of this Agreement, shall have
occurred if, over any twenty-four month period, a majority of the seats
(other than vacant seats) on the Company’s Board were to be occupied by
individuals who were neither (A) nominated by at least one-half (1/2) of the
directors then in office (but excluding, for purposes of determining
directors then in office, any director whose initial assumption of office
occurs as a result of either an actual or threatened election contest, or
other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on
behalf of a Person (as defined herein) other than the Company or its board of
directors); nor (B) appointed by directors so nominated, or













(ii)
the acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of
Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the




4




















“Exchange Act”), (a “Person”) of
beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the
Exchange Act) of a majority of the then outstanding voting securities of the
Company; provided, however, that the following acquisitions shall not
constitute a Change of Control: (1) any acquisition by the Company, or (2)
any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or
maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company, or
(3) any public offering or private placement by the Company of its voting
securities; or













(iii)
a consolidation of the Company with another entity, or a merger of the
Company with another entity in which neither the Company nor a corporation
that, prior to the merger, was a subsidiary of the Company shall be the
surviving entity; or













(iv)
a merger of the Company following which either the Company or a corporation
that, prior to the merger, was a subsidiary of the Company shall be the
surviving entity and a majority of the then outstanding voting securities of
the Company is beneficially owned (within the meaning of beneficial owner, as
specified below) by a Person or Persons who were not “beneficial owners,” as
defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, of a majority of the Outstanding
Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such merger; or













(v)
a voluntary or involuntary liquidation of the Company;













(vi)
a sale or disposition by the Company of at least 80% of its assets in a single
transaction or a series of transactions (other than a sale or disposition of
assets to a subsidiary of the Company in a transaction not otherwise
involving a Change in Control or a change in control of such subsidiary).













Transactions
in which the Executive is part of the acquiring group do not constitute a
Change in Control.













(d)
“Good Reason” means:













(i)
any material adverse change in Executive’s status or position as an officer
of the Company, including, without limitation, any diminution in Executive’s
duties, responsibilities or authority as of the Effective Date or the
assignment to Executive of any duties or responsibilities that are
inconsistent with Executive’s status or position; provided, however, that
none of the foregoing shall be deemed to have occurred by virtue of a change
in Executive’s reporting relationship as long as Executive maintains his then
current duties and responsibilities;













(ii)
a reduction in Executive’s then current Base Salary or Target Bonus; or













(iii)
prior to Executive being permitted to terminate his employment for Good
Reason hereunder, the Company shall have failed to cure any alleged condition
described in subparagraphs (i) – (ii) above within the “Cure Period” (defined
below). For purposes of this Paragraph 7(d), the term “Cure Period” means the
period commencing on the date of receipt of Executive’s notice referred to in
the preceding sentence and




5




















ending on the earlier of (A) sixty (60) days
thereafter or (B) two weeks prior to the first anniversary of the relevant
Change in Control.













(e)
“Target Bonus” means the performance based cash bonus as determined
under the Company’s bonus plan for management (and any successor bonus plan
covering management). The amount of Executive’s annual Target Bonus is
determined by the Board in its discretion following consultation between the
Principal Executive Officer and Executive prior to, or within sixty (60) days
after the commencement of, each fiscal year. Executive’s initial Target Bonus
is as set forth in the Offer Letter.










7A.
The Company shall indemnify Executive and hold him harmless from and against
any claim, liability and expense (including, without limitation, reasonable
attorney fees) made against or incurred by him in connection with his
employment by the Company. Such indemnification shall be provided in a manner
and to an extent that is not less favorable to the Executive as the
indemnification protection that is afforded by the Company to any other
officer of comparable title and that is consistent with industry custom and
standards.













8. Miscellaneous.













(a)
No Funding of Severance. Nothing contained in this Agreement or
otherwise shall require the Company to segregate, earmark or otherwise set
aside any funds or other assets to provide for any payments required to be
made under Section 2 hereof, and the rights of Executive to any benefits
hereunder shall be solely those of a general, unsecured creditor of the
Company.













(b)
Beneficiaries. In the event of Executive’s death, any amount or
benefit payable or distributable to Executive pursuant to this Agreement
shall be paid to the beneficiary designated by Executive for such purpose in
the last written instrument received by the Company prior to Executive’s
death, if any, or, if no beneficiary has been designated, to Executive’s
estate, but such designation shall not be deemed to supersede any beneficiary
designation under any benefit plan of the Company.













(c)
Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire understanding
between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes any prior understandings, agreements or representations, written
or oral, relating to the subject matter hereof.













(d)
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts,
each of which will be an original and all of which taken together shall
constitute one and the same agreement, and any party hereto may execute this
Agreement by signing any such counterpart.













(e)
Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement
shall be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid under
applicable law but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable under any applicable law or rule, the validity,
legality and enforceability of the other provision of this Agreement will not
be affected or impaired thereby.




6




















(f)
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, personal
representatives and, to the extent permitted by Section 7(g), successors and
assigns. The Company will require its successors to expressly assume its
obligations under this Agreement.













(g)
Assignability. Neither this Agreement nor any right, remedy,
obligation or liability arising hereunder or by reason hereof shall be
assignable (including by operation of law) by either party without the prior
written consent of the other party to this Agreement.













(h)
Modification, Amendment, Waiver or Termination. No provision of this
Agreement may be modified, amended, waived or terminated except by an
instrument in writing signed by the parties to this Agreement. No course of
dealing between the parties will modify, amend, waive or terminate any
provision of this Agreement or any rights or obligations of any party under
or by reason of this Agreement. No delay on the part of the Company in
exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of such right. No
waiver, express or implied, by the Company of any right or any breach by
Executive shall constitute a waiver of any other right or breach by
Executive.













(i)
Notices. All notices, consents, requests, instructions, approvals or
other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and delivered by
personal delivery, overnight courier, mail, electronic facsimile or e-mail
addressed to the receiving party at the address set forth herein. All such
communications shall be effective when received.






















Address for the Executive:
















Ana I. Stancic









1 Squire Court









Mahwah, NJ 07430
















Address for the Company:
















Enzon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









20 Kingsbridge Road









Piscataway, New Jersey 08854









Attn: Vice President and General Counsel



















Any
party may change the address set forth above by notice to each other party
given as provided herein.













(j)
Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement.




7




















(k)
Governing Law. ALL MATTERS RELATING TO THE INTERPRETATION,
CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY AND ENFORCEMENT OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY
THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY
CHOICE OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF.













(l)
Arbitration. Any claim or controversy arising out of or relating to
this Agreement or the breach hereof shall be settled by arbitration in
accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey. Such arbitration shall
be conducted in the State of New Jersey in accordance with the rules then
existing of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award
rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court having jurisdiction
thereof. In the event of any dispute arising under this Agreement, the
respective parties shall be responsible for the payment of their own legal
fees and disbursements.













(m)
Third-Party Benefit. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is
intended to confer upon any third party any rights, remedies, obligations or
liabilities of any nature whatsoever.













(n)
Withholding Taxes. The Company may withhold from any benefits payable
under this Agreement or any other agreement all federal, state, city or other
taxes as shall be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or
ruling. Executive hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company
should the Company fail to withhold tax from any such payment from which tax
is required to be withheld.













(o)
No Right to Continued Employment. Executive understands that this
Severance Agreement is not an employment contract and nothing contained
herein creates any right to continuous employment with the Company, or to
employment by the Company for any specified period of time.













(p)
Termination of Previous Agreement. The Previous Agreement is hereby
terminated and of no further force or effect.





IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this
Agreement as of the date first set forth above.


ENZON PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.










By:


/s/ Ralph del Campo















Ralph del Campo






Chief Operating Officer & Principal Executive
Officer










By:


/s/ Ana I. Stancic















Ana I. Stancic




8




