









<PAGE>   1




EXHIBIT 2.1

U.S. Technologies Inc.


February 11, 1999


Mr. Kenneth H. Smith
President and Chief Executive Officer
U.S. Technologies Inc.
3901 Roswell Road, Suite 300
Marietta, GA 30062

Re: Offer of U.S. Technologies Inc. (the "Company") of Severance
Terms and Conditions

Dear Ken:

In reviewing your proposal of the compensation and other benefits to be
paid to you by the Company as consideration for your resignation as President
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and as a controlling director of the
Company, I have considered what I believe to be the best interests of the
Company and its shareholders, including the significant benefits to be derived
by the Company from the avoidance of shareholder and creditor lawsuits and from
the potential avoidance of the imminent bankruptcy of the Company. Based upon
these considerations and based upon my consultations with the outside
accountants for the Company and the outside legal counsel for the Company, I
hereby, on behalf of the Company, as I have been specifically empowered by the
Board of Directors of the Company to do, offer the following terms and
conditions for your severance from employment with the Company:

(b)      The Company will retain you as an independent contractor for
consulting services, as needed by the Company, for six months
and will pay to you for such consulting services the aggregate
amount of $125,000, in six equal installments, commencing on
the later date of (i) 30 days after the date of your
resignation as an officer and director of the Company, and
(ii) the date of the repayment of your indebtedness to the
Company, as provided below, with each additional installment
to be paid 30 days following the payment of the most recent
installment; provided that the payments contemplated hereby
will be reduced by any amounts owed by you to the Company over
and above the repayment contemplated by Section 4 and Section
5 below. Further, you will assist with the transition of
management and with other Company matters, as may be requested
by the Board of Directors of the Company. The payments for
your consulting services will be reported on IRS Form 1099.


<PAGE>   2



(c)      The Company will pay to you the aggregate amount of $4,800, in
twelve equal installments, as payment of a portion of your
lease payments due on a certain Mercedes Benz automobile, such
installments to commence on the later date of (i) 30 days
after the date of your resignation as both an officer and
director of the Company and (ii) the date of the repayment of
your indebtedness to the Company, as provided below, with each
additional installment to be paid 30 days following the
payment of the most recent installment. The lease will be
reassigned to you by the Company and you will be responsible
for all insurance coverages required for the automobile and
for the lease.

(d)      The Company will sell to you the laptop computer currently
used by you and owned by the Company, for a purchase price
equal to the book value of said laptop computer;

(e)      You agree to sell 3,366,152 shares of the common stock, $.02
par value, of the Company, and to apply all of the proceeds
thereof as repayment of all or a portion of the outstanding
balance of loans due from you to the Company;

(f)      The Company, upon 30 days following the effective date of your
resignation as an officer and director, and upon repayment of
the amount contemplated in Section 4 above, will reimburse you
in the amount any and all of your unpaid out-of-pocket
expenses attributable to the business of the Company, less any
amounts owed to the Company over and above the repayment
amount paid pursuant to Section 4 above, including any accrued
interest on your loans to the Company or other amounts due and
owing to the Company;

(g)      Upon and as of the effective date of your resignation as an
officer and director of the Company, you will purchase, and
the Company will sell to you, GWP, Inc., the Company's
wholly-owned subsidiary which currently owns 51% of the voting
shares of Technology Manufacturing & Design, Inc. ("TMD"), in
a transaction to be concluded as soon as possible following
the effective date of your resignation as an officer and
director of the Company and the repayment of your indebtedness
to the Company, and upon such terms and conditions as are
acceptable to legal counsel to the Company and are not
inconsistent with the terms and conditions of this offer, such
terms and conditions to include:

(a)      You agree to execute a personal, non-exculpated
promissory note, in the amount of $1,234,832,
representing the total existing investment, plus
expenses, of the Company in GWP, Inc. (the "Note"),
such Note to bear interest at the prime rate plus 200
basis points (as such prime rate is published from
time to time in the Wall Street Journal), with
interest to be payable quarterly, the first payment
thereof being six months from the date of the Note
(in the amount of the accrued


<PAGE>   3


interest thereon to date), with the
principal thereof to be repaid in equal
installments of $411,610.67, payable at the
end of each 12-month period, beginning on
the date of the Note, with no prepayment
penalty thereon;

(b)      You hereby pledge, pursuant to this
agreement, 3,000,000 shares of the common
stock of the Company to the performance of
your obligations hereunder this Section 6
and, further, to the repayment of the Note
under the terms of a stock pledge and
guaranty agreement which are acceptable to
the legal counsel to the Company and which
are not inconsistent with the terms and
conditions hereof; such pledge to also
secure your personal guaranty of the
satisfaction of certain existing obligations
of TMD (the "Obligations") which are
presently guaranteed by the Company,
including, but not limited to, the payment
of the Fidelity Funding, Inc. loan, pursuant
to the Loan and Security Agreement between
TMD and Fidelity Funding, Inc., dated as of
November 30, 1998, and the performance of
the purchase price payment to the minority
shareholders of TMD pursuant to Section 8.2
of the Amended and Restated Stock Purchase
Agreement between TMD and GWP, Inc. dated as
of October 5, 1998. You agree that any
subsequent defaults of TMD with respect to
the Obligations will constitute a default
under the Note;

(c)      GWP, Inc. will pledge its shares of TMD to
secure the Note and the performance by TMD
of the Obligations and such pledge shall
contain such anti-dilution covenants as are
acceptable to legal counsel to the Company
and which shall assure that the collateral
pledged by GWP, Inc. will always equal 51%
of the voting stock of TMD;

(d)      You and GWP, Inc. will each guarantee the
performance by TMD of the Obligations, and
GWP, Inc. and TMD will each guarantee the
repayment of your Note;

(e)      As additional collateral for the repayment
of the Note and the performance by TMD of
the Obligations, you will give to C. Gregory
Earls, or to such other proxy holder chosen
by the Board of Directors of the Company,
your irrevocable proxy, which shall be
deemed to be coupled with an interest, with
respect to all of your shares, pledged or
otherwise, of common stock of the Company.
Such proxy shall terminate immediately upon
the later to occur of (i) the repayment of
the Note with all interest thereon; and (ii)
the satisfaction by TMD of the Obligations;



<PAGE>   4



(f)      The amount of the Note shall be adjusted, if
necessary, to reflect the total amount of
investment and expenses of the Company in
GWP, Inc. and TMD, Inc., as determined by
BDO Siedman, LLP, CPAs, independent auditors
of the Company, and such determination of
said amount shall be deemed conclusive as
between the parties; and

(g)      You, GWP, Inc. and TMD will agree to provide
such additional assurances as may be deemed
necessary by legal counsel to the Company in
the event that the Company shall deem itself
insecure with respect to the repayment of
the Note and the performance by TMD of the
Obligations. Further, you agree that BDO
Seidman, LLP, CPA's will conduct the annual
audit for TMD, at the expense of TMD, for
1998 and for each fiscal year in which the
Note and the Obligations are outstanding and
unsatisfied.

(h)      You agree that, for a period of three years, commencing on the
effective date of your resignation as an officer and director
of the Company, you will not directly or indirectly engage in
or carry on, either individually or as a stockholder,
director, officer, consultant, independent contractor,
employee, agent, member or otherwise of or through any
corporation, partnership, association, joint venture, firm,
individual or otherwise, or in any other capacity, the
business of prison-based manufacturing and/or services
anywhere in the United States; provided, that there shall be
no restriction upon your engaging in the business of the
prison-based manufacturing of electronics anywhere outside the
State of Texas.

(i)      You agree that you will not, for a period of three years,
commencing on the effective date of your resignation as an
officer and director of the Company, call upon, recruit,
solicit, or assist others in calling upon, recruiting or
soliciting any person who is or was an employee of the Company
and its subsidiaries, for the purpose of having such person
work in any other corporation, association, or business
engaged in providing products or services of the same or
similar kind as those offered by the Company.

This letter constitutes the offer of the Company with respect to your
severance compensation and benefits. This offer will be deemed to have been
accepted upon (i) receipt of your effective, unconditional resignation, in
writing, (ii) your repayment of the amount contemplated by Section 4 above, and
(iii) your delivery, pursuant to the pledge requirements of Section 6(b) hereof,
of 3,000,000 shares of your common stock of the Company, along with a stock
power of attorney


<PAGE>   5



endorsed in blank relating to said shares, on or before 5:00 p.m. Eastern
Standard Time on February 12, 1999.

Very truly yours,

U.S. TECHNOLOGIES INC.


/s/    John P. Brocard

John P. Brocard, Executive Vice President
and General Counsel



Accepted this 15th day of February, 1999


/s/ Kenneth H. Smith
Kenneth H. Smith


cc:      James C. Melton
C. Gregory Earls









