









<PAGE>

SEVERANCE AGREEMENT


SEVERANCE AGREEMENT dated as of June 20, 1996 between EASTERN ENVIRONMENTAL
SERVICES, INC., a Delaware corporation the "Company") and WILLIAM C. SKUBA, an
individual ("Executive").

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, Executive is currently a member of the Board of Directors of the
Company as well as an officer and employee of the Company; and

WHEREAS, in accordance with that certain stock purchase agreement ("Stock
Purchase Agreement") dated May 8, 1996 by and among Executive, George O.
Moorehead ("Moorehead"), Louis D. Paolino, Jr. ("Paolino"), Environmental
Opportunities Fund, L.P. (the "Fund") and Environmental Opportunities Fund
(Cayman), L.P. (the "Cayman Fund") (Moorehead, Paolino, the Fund and the Cayman
Fund are sometimes hereinafter referred to as the "Purchasers"), Executive and
the Company have agreed that it is in their mutual best interests for Executive
to resign his positions as a director, officer and employee of the Company; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company and
Executive have entered into that certain Consulting Agreement dated as of the
date hereof ("Consulting Agreement"), and Executive, Moorehead, Paolino and the
Fund have entered into that certain Put Option Agreement dated as of the date
hereof ("Put Option Agreement"); and

WHEREAS, each of Executive and the Company also desire to settle and
release the other party from matters arising out of any aspect of the
Executive's employment with the Company and/or out of his separation from that
employment;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained
and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.   Prior Agreements.  All agreements and understandings between Executive
and the Company, whether oral or written, which were in effect at any time prior
to the execution and delivery of this Severance Agreement with the exception of
that certain Indemnity Agreement dated April 18, 1995 between Executive and the
Company (the "Indemnity Agreement"), which agreement shall continue in effect in
accordance with its terms (all such agreements and understandings other than the
Indemnity Agreement being herein referred to as the "Prior Agreements"), are
hereby terminated and of no further force and effect. Neither Executive nor the
Company shall have any further rights
<PAGE>

or obligations under the Prior Agreements, except to the extent otherwise set
forth pursuant to Section 6(c) hereof.

2.   Separation from Employment.  Executive and the Company acknowledge
and agree that, effective the date hereof, Executive shall not render any
further services to the Company in the capacity of director, officer or employee
of the Company, and that, as of that date, has effectively resigned from any and
all positions that Executive heretofore held with the Company and its
subsidiaries, including, without limitation, positions as an officer, director,
trustee and/or administrator. In addition, Executive and the Company acknowledge
and agree that, except as set forth herein or in the Consulting Agreement, that
the Company shall not have any obligation, contractual or otherwise, to rehire,
reemploy or recall Executive in the future and/or to pay or to make available to
Executive any additional compensation or benefits after that date except as
required by law or as specifically provided herein.

3.   Covenant Not to Compete.

(a)  For a period of commencing on the date hereof and expiring upon
the earlier of a Change of Control (as defined below) in the Company or the
first anniversary of the date hereof, Executive shall not (whether directly or
through any firm, corporation, partnership, association or other entity of which
Executive is a stockholder, director, officer, consultant, employee, partner,
joint venturer, investor, principal, agent, proprietor or employee) compete with
the Company or its subsidiaries (i) in the business of landfill operation or
municipal solid waste collection within a 50 mile radius of the of any of the
following four landfills operated by the Company on the date hereof: West
Virginia, South Carolina, Kentucky and Illinois, or (ii) in the business of
asbestos hauling within a 90 mile radius of the Drums Real Property (as defined
herein). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company expressly agrees that
Executive shall not be restricted from engaging in any business opportunity
which Consultant may be entitled to pursue in accordance with this Severance
Agreement.

(b)  In the event this Section 3 should ever be adjudicated to
exceed the time, geographic, product or other limitations permitted by
applicable law or in any jurisdiction, then such provisions shall be deemed
amended in such jurisdiction to the maximum time, geographic, product or other
limitations permitted by applicable law.

(c)  Executive expressly acknowledges that damages alone will be an
inadequate remedy for any breach or violation of any of the provisions of this
Severance Agreement and that the Company, in addition to all other remedies
available at law or hereunder, shall be entitled to injunctive relief, including

2
<PAGE>

specific performance, with respect to any such breach or violation, in any court
of competent jurisdiction.

(d)  In the event that Executive shall be in violation of any the
covenant contained in this Section 3, then the period referred to in paragraph
(a) above shall be extended for a period of time equal to the period of time
between the time during which such breach shall occur; and, in the event that
the Company should be required to seek relief from such breach in any court,
board of arbitration or other tribunal, then such three-year period shall be
extended for the period of time required for the pendency of such proceedings,
including all appeals.

(e)  For purposes of this Section 3, a "Change of Control" shall
mean the occurrence of any of the following events:

(i)   the acquisition in one or more transactions by any
"Person" (as the term person is used for purposes of Sections 13(d) or 14(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act")) of "Beneficial
Ownership" (as the term beneficial ownership is used for purposes of Rule 13d-3
promulgated under the 1934 Act) of fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined
voting power of the Company's then outstanding voting securities (the "Voting
Securities"), provided that for purposes of this Section 3, the Voting
Securities acquired directly from the Company by any Person shall be excluded
from the determination of such Person's Beneficial Ownership of Voting
Securities (but such Voting Securities shall be included in the calculation of
the total number of Voting Securities then outstanding); or

(ii)  Approval by shareholders of the Company of: (A) a merger,
reorganization or consolidation involving the Company if the shareholders of the
Company immediately before such merger, reorganization or consolidation do not
or will not own directly or indirectly immediately following such merger,
reorganization or consolidation, more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined
voting power of the outstanding voting securities of the corporation resulting
from or surviving such merger, reorganization or consolidation in substantially
the same proportion as their ownership of the Voting Securities immediately
before such merger, reorganization or consolidation, or (B) (1) a complete
liquidation or dissolution of the Company or (2) an agreement for the sale or
other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company; or

(iii) Acceptance by shareholders of the Company of shares in a
share exchange if the shareholders of the Company immediately before such share
exchange do not or will not own directly or indirectly immediately following
such share exchange more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting

3
<PAGE>

power of the outstanding voting securities of the corporation resulting from or
surviving such share exchange in substantially the same proportion as the
ownership of the Voting Securities outstanding immediately before such share
exchange.

(iv)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change of Control shall
not be deemed to occur solely because fifty percent (50%) or more of the then
outstanding Voting Securities is acquired by any or all of Louis D. Paolino,
Jr., George Moorehead, Environmental Opportunities Fund, L.P. and Environmental
Opportunities Fund (Cayman), L.P.

4.   Consideration.  In consideration for the Covenant Not to Compete set
forth in Section 3 hereunder, for the General Release described in Section 6 and
for all other agreements made by Executive contained in this Severance
Agreement, the Company shall provide Executive with the following benefits and
compensation:

(a)  Basic Group Insurance.

(i)   It is the intention of the parties hereto that Executive's
status as an active participant under the Company's basic group medical, life
insurance and long term disability programs will continue, insofar as permitted
by the contracts with the Company's group insurance providers and by applicable
law through the first anniversary of the date hereof. In addition, the Company
agrees to continue to pay all premiums payable under the individual long term
disability policy owned by the Company covering Executive through the first
anniversary of the date hereof, whereupon such all of the Company's right, title
and interest in and to such policy will be assigned and conveyed to Executive at
no cost to Executive.

(ii)  In the event that the Company should determine that the
continued inclusion of Executive as an active participant in its basic group
insurance plans is not permitted by its providers, the Company shall so advise
Executive by written notice. Furthermore, in such event, as part of the
severance package made available to Executive hereunder, the Company agrees to
bear the cost of continuing Executive's group medical benefits under COBRA
through the first anniversary of the date hereof, provided that Executive elects
COBRA coverage and that he satisfies the statutory eligibility criteria.

(iii) Upon expiration of such period, Executive shall thereafter
have the right to continue at his own cost Executive's group medical benefits
under COBRA provided that Executive satisfies the statutory eligibility
criteria.

(b)  Registration Rights.  Immediately upon execution of this
Severance Agreement, the Company and Executive

4
<PAGE>

shall enter into a Registration Rights Agreement in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit A, providing for the grant by the Company to Executive of certain
registration rights relating to unregistered stock of the Company owned by the
Executive.

(c)  Transfer of Telephone Lines. Immediately upon execution of this
Severance Agreement, the Company shall assign and transfer to Executive all of
its right, title and interest in and to the following four (4) telephone lines:
(i) 717-788-7020, (ii) 717-788-7022, (iii) 717-788-7023 and (iv) 717-788-7024
(the "Telephone Lines"). The Company shall execute and deliver to Executive such
assignments and other good and sufficient instruments of transfer and
assignment, satisfactory in form and substance to Executive and his counsel as
shall be effective to assign and transfer the Telephone Lines to Executive. The
Company further agrees to pay any applicable telephone company charges necessary
to effectuate the assignment and transfer.

5.   Additional Agreements.

(a)  Sale of WRN Properties, Inc.  As soon as practicable following
the date hereof (but in no event later than two weeks after the date hereof),
the Company will sell, transfer, grant and convey to WCS Properties, Inc. ("WCS
Properties"), an entity controlled by the Executive, and WCS Properties will
purchase from Eastern Real Property, Inc., a subsidiary of the Company, all of
the outstanding shares of capital stock of WRN Properties, Inc. ("WRN
Properties"), a corporation which owns certain real property (the "Drums Real
Property") described on Exhibit B-1 attached hereto which currently serves as
the Company's corporate headquarters, free and clear of any and all liens,
assessments, claims, charges, defects of title, security interests, pledges,
taxes, encumbrances, and restrictions of any kind whatsoever ("Liens") created
by the Company after the date of this Severance Agreement. Executive represents
and warrants that WRN Properties owns no assets other than the Drums Real
Property. The Drums Real Property is subject to a currently existing note dated
November 18, 1994 which note is secured by a mortgage on the Drums Real
Property, the note and the mortgage having an outstanding principal amount of
approximately $246,450 (collectively, the "Mortgage"). Executive hereby agrees
to pay and indemnify the Company against all amounts due and payable under the
Mortgage including, without limitation, interest, principal and amounts due upon
a default. If the mortgagee under the Mortgage does not: (i) consent to the
transfer of the stock of WRN Properties to WCS Properties with the Drums Real
Property remaining subject to the Mortgage and (ii) release the Company from all
obligations under the Mortgage, then Executive agrees to cause the outstanding
balance of the Mortgage to be paid and discharged upon the transfer of stock to
WCS Properties. The purchase price to be paid by WCS Properties for the stock of
WRN Properties will be

5
<PAGE>

$104,550 (which exceeds the current appraised fair market value of the Drums
Real Property as determined by two independent appraisers minus the current
Mortgage balance). The Company shall also sell, transfer, grant and convey to
WCS Properties by execution and delivery of a bill of sale all of the equipment
and other personal property located at the Drums Real Property and listed on
Exhibit B-2 attached hereto (the "Drums Personal Property"), in exchange for the
payment by the WCS Properties to the Company of $9,800. The purchase price for
the stock of WRN Properties and the Drums Personal Property shall be paid by WCS
Properties through the offset of the excess of the purchase price against the
amount owed by the Company to Executive pursuant to the 1993 Severance Agreement
(as defined in Section 6(c) hereof). The Company agrees to pay all costs and
expenses of each of the parties hereto incurred in connection with the transfer
of the WRN Properties stock including, without limitation, all title insurance
costs, transfer taxes and other closing costs.

(b)  Sale of AWRS Real Property.  As soon as practicable following the
date hereof (but in no event later than two weeks after the date hereof), the
Company will sell, transfer, grant and convey to WCS Properties in fee simple by
delivery of a special warranty deed to WCS Properties, and WCS Properties will
purchase from the Company, all of the Company's right, title and interest in and
to certain real property (the "AWRS Real Property") described on Exhibit C
attached hereto, together with all rights, privileges, easements and
appurtenances thereto, free and clear of all Liens created by the Company after
the date of this Severance Agreement. The Company shall also sell, transfer,
grant and convey to WCS Properties by execution and delivery of a bill of sale
the telephone system located at the AWRS Real Property (the "AWRS Personal
Property"). The AWRS Real Property is located in Jasper County, South Carolina
and has been marketed for sale unsuccessfully for an extended period of time.
Accordingly, the purchase price to be paid by WCS Properties for the AWRS Real
Property and the AWRS Personal Property will be $122,000, which the Company and
Executive agree represents the fair market value of the property. The purchase
price for the AWRS Real Property and the AWRS Personal Property shall be paid by
Executive through an offset against the amounts owed by the Company to Executive
pursuant to the 1993 Severance Agreement. The Company shall execute and deliver
such agreements of sale, special warranty deeds, bills of sale, endorsements,
assignments and other good and sufficient instruments of transfer and
assignment, satisfactory in form and substance to Executive and his counsel, as
shall be effective to convey and transfer the AWRS Real Property and AWRS
Personal Property to WCS Properties and to vest in WCS Properties full and
complete right, title and interest in and to the AWRS Real Property and AWRS
Personal Property. The Company agrees to pay all costs and expenses of each of
the parties hereto incurred in connection with the transfer of AWRS Real
Property and AWRS Personal Property

6
<PAGE>

including, without limitation, title insurance costs, transfer taxes and other
closing costs. At the time of the sale of the AWRS Real Property to WCS
Properties, the lease currently in existence relating to a portion of the AWRS
Real Property will be assigned by the Company or its subsidiary to WCS
Properties.

(c)  Lease to NHD.  Immediately upon execution of this Severance
Agreement, NHD, Inc., a subsidiary of the Company ("NHD"), and WRN Properties
shall enter into a lease in the form of a standard Form 50 lease, as modified in
order to conform to the terms of this paragraph (the "NHD Lease"), which
provides for NHD to lease from WRN Properties that portion of the Drums Real
Property currently used in the operation of NHD's business, as indicated in the
cross-hatched area of the plan of the Drums Real Property attached hereto as
Exhibit D. NHD's obligations under the NHD Lease will be guaranteed by the
Company. The NHD Lease will have a term of two years and will require NHD to pay
rent equal to $414 per month. The NHD Lease will require WRN Properties to pay
all expenses associated with the occupancy and maintenance of the leased
premises, including, without limitation, all insurance, utilities and taxes
except for any extraordinary increases in such items. Upon execution of the NHD
Lease, NHD will be required to pay a security deposit to WRN Properties equal to
one month's rent.

(d)  Lease to the Company. Immediately upon the execution of this
Severance Agreement, the Company and WRN Properties shall enter into a lease in
the form of a standard Form 50 lease, as modified in order to conform to the
terms of this paragraph (the "Company Lease"), which provides for the Company to
lease from WRN Properties that portion of the Drums Real Property currently used
in the operation of the Company's business, as indicated in the cross-hatched
area of the plan of the Drums Real Property attached hereto as Exhibit E. The
Company Lease will be month to month and will require the Company to pay rent
equal to $1686 per month, which the parties believe is below the fair market
value rent for such property. The Company Lease will require WRN Properties to
pay all expenses associated with the occupancy and maintenance of the leased
premises, including, without limitation, all insurance, utilities and taxes
except for any extraordinary increases in such items. Upon execution of the
Company Lease, the Company will be required to pay a security deposit to WRN
Properties equal to one month's rent.

(e)  Sale of Vehicles.  Immediately upon execution of this Severance
Agreement, the Company shall sell, transfer and deliver to Executive or his
designee all of the Company's rights, title and interest in and to a 1988 Jeep
Cherokee, VIN 1JCMT7892JT089413, a 1988 Chevy pick-up truck, VIN
1GCDC14H7JZ126190, and a 1988 Jeep Commanche, VIN 1JTML6318JT182710 (the
"Vehicles"), free and clear of any Liens created by the Company after the date
of this Agreement, for an

7
<PAGE>

aggregate purchase price for all three Vehicles equal to Nine Thousand Seven
Hundred Dollars ($9,700), which shall be payable by Executive through an offset
against the amounts owed by the Company to Executive pursuant to the 1993
Severance Agreement. In order to transfer and deliver the Vehicles, the Company
shall execute and deliver to Executive such certificates of title and other good
and sufficient instruments of transfer and assignment satisfactory in form and
substance to Executive and his counsel as shall be effective to effectuate the
orderly registration, titling and transfer of the Vehicles to Executive and to
vest in Executive complete right, title and interest in and to the Vehicles.
Executive (or his designee which purchases the Vehicles) will pay any applicable
sales tax.

(f)  Sale of Potential Business Opportunities.  Immediately upon
execution of this Severance Agreement, the Company shall sell, assign and
transfer to LH Properties, Inc. ("LH"), an entity controlled by Executive, all
of its right, title and interest in and to the following potential landfill
business opportunities: F&S Sand (FL) and Brown Brothers (OH) (collectively, the
"Business Opportunities"). In consideration therefor, at the closing, LH will
pay to the Company an amount equal to the amount which the Company has invested
in such Business Opportunities as of the date hereof. Such payment shall be made
by LH as an offset against the amount owed by the Company to Executive pursuant
to the 1993 Severance Agreement. Executive hereby represents and warrants to the
Company that each of the Business Opportunities involves an Undeveloped Site (as
defined in Section 5(h) hereof). Based on such representation and warranty, the
Company acknowledges that it has no interest in pursuing the Business
Opportunities any further. The Company agrees to allow Michael Fioravante and
Gregory Krzemien to consult with LH, Executive and its or his affiliates on
matters related to the Business Opportunities or any Third Party Landfill Files
(as defined below). The parties acknowledge that from time to time, Executive
and the Company will be discussing additional potential business opportunities
for the Company, some of which will not be of interest to the company. The
Company agrees to grant Executive free access to the Company's employees
(including Michael Fioravante and Gregory Krzemien) to discuss and evaluate such
future business opportunities, including those identified in the Third Party
Landfill Files.

(g)  Storage of Company Records.  Following the date of this Severance
Agreement, the Company shall be permitted to continue to store certain of its
business records at the Drums Real Property which are currently located thereat
in areas of the premises other than those being leased to NHD or the Company
under Sections 5(c) and 5(d) hereunder ("Record Storage"), at no cost to the
Company, subject to the following terms and conditions: (i) the Record Storage
shall be terminable at will by either party upon ten (10) days prior written
notice; and (ii)

8
<PAGE>

the Company agrees to indemnify, exculpate and hold harmless Executive for and
against any Liabilities which result from or arise out of the Record Storage.
The Executive shall provide the Company with access to such records at such
times during normal business hours as shall be reasonably requested by the
Company. Prior to the removal of any such records, the Company shall provide
Executive (at the Company's expense) with a legible copy (or duplicate, in the
case of records consisting of X-rays) of all records reasonably requested by
Executive. Executive shall be permitted to have access to such records in
accordance with Section 9 hereof.

(h)  Third Party Landfill Files.  The Company is in possession of
information and data concerning numerous landfill sites or potential landfill
sites ("Third Party Landfill Files"), the vast majority of which will never be
pursued by the Company as potential targets of acquisition. This information and
data was collected in large part through the work of Executive. The Company
agrees that with respect to any such landfill site or potential landfill site
which either: (i) has no current permit or expansion permit relating to at least
250,000 cubic yards of remaining airspace for the acceptance of waste; or (ii)
is not currently accepting waste at a level of more than 100 tons of waste per
day (an "Undeveloped Site"), the Company will permit Executive to have access to
and to retain copies of all information and data held by the Company relating to
such Undeveloped Site, and the Company hereby consents to Executive pursuing the
business opportunity of attempting to acquire an interest in and/or develop any
Undeveloped Site.

(i)  Cooperation in Defending Legal Actions. Executive agrees that he
will cooperate with and assist the Company, as is reasonably requested by the
Company, in its defense of any action or proceeding against the Company, its
directors, officers, employees or affiliates arising out of or in any way
related to any transactions, events or other matters which occurred during the
period of his employment with the Company, to the extent that such cooperation
and assistance will not impair Executive's legal rights or remedies or increase
the likelihood that Executive will incur any Liabilities as a result thereof.
This Agreement shall not preclude Executive from testifying in such an action or
proceeding. In the event that Executive does cooperate with and assist the
Company in its defense of such an action or proceeding, the Company agrees to
reimburse Executive for all reasonable expenses incurred by Executive in
providing such assistance including, without limitation, the cost of all airline
travel in the event that action or proceeding is held in a court or any other
location which is at a distance from Executive's residence taking more than one
hundred (100) minutes driving time one way.

9
<PAGE>

(j) Forwarding of Mail.  The Company and Executive acknowledge that a
large part of Executive's personal mail is currently sent to him at the
Company's current headquarters in the Drums Real Property. Accordingly, the
Company and Executive agree that the transition of the Company's business mail
and other deliveries will be handled as set forth in this paragraph. Promptly
following the date hereof, the Company will notify all parties with whom or with
which the Company does business of the address of the Company's new
headquarters. The Company agrees that it will not instruct or request the U.S.
Post Office to forward all mail addressed to the Company at the Drums Real
Property to the address of the Company's new headquarters. All mail and other
deliveries received at the Drums Real Property and relating to official Company
business will be forwarded upon receipt by Executive to such address as the
Company shall designate from time to time, at the Company's expense. All mail
and other deliveries received by the Company and relating to Executive's
personal matters or business matters unrelated to the Company will be forwarded
upon receipt by the Company to such address as Executive shall designate from
time to time, at the Company's expense.

6.   Release of Claims.

(a)  In consideration for the foregoing, except as set forth in
Section 6(c) hereof, Executive (for himself and all dependents, heirs,
executors, administrators, legal representatives, assigns, and/or any others who
have or may have a claim by or through him) hereby IRREVOCABLY RELEASES AND
FOREVER DISCHARGES the Company from any and all suits, causes of action, claims,
demands, charges, debts, dues, losses, bills, covenants, contracts, promises,
agreements, variances, trespasses, expenses, complaints, obligations or actions
of any kind ("Liabilities"), whether in law or equity, direct or indirect, known
or unknown, mature or not matured, which Executive ever had, now has, or
hereinafter can or may have against the Company, from the beginning of time to
the date of this Severance Agreement, including but not limited to any and all
such claims relating to or in any way arising out of any aspect of Executive's
employment relationship and/or his separation from employment with the Company.
This general release specifically includes, but is not limited to, any and all
claims for:

(i) wrongful discharge;

(ii) breach of contract (whether express or implied);

(iii) breach of any alleged covenant of good faith and
fair dealing;

10
<PAGE>

(iv) violation of any federal, state or local statute,
ordinance, executive order, or common law doctrine
prohibiting discrimination in employment in any form
(including but not limited to claims for harassment
and/or other discrimination on the basis of age, race,
color, religion, sex, national origin and/or mental or
physical disability);

(v) tortious conduct of any kind (including but not
limited to claims for misrepresentation, fraud,
defamation, interference with contract or with
prospective economic advantage, assault, battery,
intentional infliction of emotional distress and/or
negligence); and

(vi) additional compensation, benefits or damages of
any kind arising in connection with Executive's
employment relationship and/or separation from
employment with the Company.

(b)  In consideration for the foregoing, except as set forth in
Section 6(c) hereof, the Company in turn hereby IRREVOCABLY RELEASES AND FOREVER
DISCHARGES Executive from any and all Liabilities, whether in law or equity,
direct or indirect, known or unknown, matured or not matured, which the Company
ever had, now has, or hereinafter can or may have against Executive from the
beginning of time to the date of this Severance Agreement, including but not
limited to any and all such claims relating to or in any way arising out of any
aspect of Executive's employment relationship and/or his separation from
employment. This general release includes, but is not limited to, any and all
Liabilities arising out of or allegedly arising out of any act or omission of
Executive in his capacity as a member of the Board of Directors or an officer of
the Company; provided, however, that this Severance Agreement is not intended to
cover, apply to and/or discharge any claims arising in connection with (i) any
criminal conduct on the part of the Executive contrary to the interests of the
Company or its subsidiaries.

(c)  Executive and the Company specifically acknowledge and hereby
agree that the provisions of this general release extend to all of the
aforementioned actions, whether presently matured or not matured, known or
unknown, suspected or unsuspected by Executive and by the Company, and further
agree that this constitutes an essential, material term of this Severance
Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive

11
<PAGE>

and the Company expressly agree that the releases set forth in this Section 6
shall not apply to any and all suits, causes of action, claims, demands,
charges, complaints, covenants, promises, obligations or any actions of any sort
whatsoever, whether in law or equity, directly or indirectly, relating to or in
any away arising out of any aspect of this Severance Agreement, the Registration
Rights Agreement, the Consulting Agreement and the Indemnity Agreement (the
"Excluded Agreements") and any other agreements and instruments related to the
transactions or matters contemplated by the Excluded Agreements, and the payment
provisions of that certain Severance Agreement dated August 20, 1993, as amended
effective February 29, 1996 between Executive and the Company (the "1993
Severance Agreement"). Executive and the Company further agree that the releases
set forth in this Section 6 shall not apply to any obligations of the Company to
pay Executive or third parties on Executive's behalf any accrued and unpaid
salary, fringe benefits or reimbursable expenses, which the Company shall pay in
the ordinary course. The Company acknowledges and agrees that any balance owed
to Executive under the 1993 Severance Agreement after offset of all amount
payable by Executive to the Company under this Severance Agreement shall be a
credit in favor of Executive, which may only be used by Executive to pay any
amounts owed by Executive to the Company in the future for the acquisition of
business opportunities other than Undeveloped Sites, if the Company agrees to
sell such business opportunities. Executive has no right to receive any of the
balance owed under the 1993 Severance Agreement in cash or any property other
than business opportunities sold to Executive by the Company. Executive and the
Company agree that the remaining balance under the 1993 Severance Agreement is
$6,373, which amount may only be used as a credit as set forth above. The
Company further acknowledges and agrees that for purposes of the 1993 Severance
Agreement, a Control Change within the meaning of Section 4 thereof shall be
deemed to have occurred on the date hereof by virtue of the consummation of the
Stock Purchase Agreement, and such Control Change shall be deemed to have
occurred prior to the resignation of Executive pursuant to this Severance
Agreement. The Executive shall not be entitled to any further payments under the
1993 Severance Agreement by virtue of any future Control Changes. In the event
that the sale of the stock of WRN Properties is not completed within two weeks
after the date hereof because the Company fails to convey such stock as set
forth in Section 5(a) hereof, the amount required to be paid by WCS Properties
for such real and personal property through an offset against the amount owed by
the Company to Executive pursuant to the 1993 Severance Agreement will be paid
to Executive in cash on the first business day following the expiration of such
two week period; in such event, such portion of the purchase price shall be
payable in cash upon completion of such sales rather than through an offset.

12
<PAGE>

7.   No Admission.  This Severance Agreement shall not in any way be
construed as an admission by either Executive or the Company that either has
acted wrongfully with respect to the other party or that any action taken by
Executive or the Company with respect to the other at any time prior to the
execution of this Severance Agreement has been unwarranted, unjustified,
discriminatory, or otherwise unlawful. Rather, it is understood and agreed that
this Severance Agreement constitutes a good faith settlement of any and all
claims between the parties, and, except as set forth in Section 6(c) hereof,
Executive and the Company hereby specifically disclaim any liability to or
wrongful acts against the other party on the part of itself, its directors,
officers, employees, agents and/or other representatives including legal counsel
of any kind.

8.   Indemnification and Insurance.

(a)  Subject to applicable law, for a period of six (6) years after
the date hereof, the Company will: (i) indemnify Executive and his heirs and
representatives to the extent provided in the Company's Certificate of
Incorporation in effect on the date of this Severance Agreement and will not
amend, reduce or limit rights of indemnity afforded to them or the ability of
the Company to indemnify them, not hinder, delay or make more difficult the
exercise of such rights of indemnity and (ii) maintain director and officer
liability insurance coverage providing Executive with coverage (1) at least as
favorable as the policies in effect immediately prior to the date hereof
covering the Company's directors and officers or (2) as favorable as is
available at a cost to the Company of up to 125% of the premiums currently being
paid by the Company.  The Company also agrees to maintain Executive as a named
insured on the Company's general liability policy, subject to the reimbursement
by Executive to the Company of any additional premium required by the insurance
company in order to maintain Executive as such an additional insured.

(b)  If any claim is (or claims are) made against Executive and his
heirs and representatives, including legal counsel, arising from Executive's
services as a director, officer and employee of the Company, within six years
from the date hereof, the provisions of this Section 8 respecting the Company's
Certificate of Incorporation shall continue in effect until the final
disposition of all such claims.

(c)  Company agrees to provide written notice to Executive immediately
upon learning of any claim or threatened claim against Executive by any third
party relating to or arising out of the business of the Company or Executive's
prior service as a director, officer or controlling shareholder of the Company.
The Company further agrees to provide to Executive any complaints

13
<PAGE>

and other relevant documentation related to such claims immediately upon receipt
of such documentation.

9.   Access to Information.  Following the execution and delivery of
this Severance Agreement, the Company shall give to Executive, his counsel,
accountants and other consultants and representatives, full access during normal
business hours to the financial, accounting, tax and operational books and
records of the Company in existence on the date hereof. Executive shall hold in
strict confidence all confidential information obtained from the Company for at
least one year after receipt of such information.

10.  Entire Agreement and Modifications.  This Severance Agreement
constitutes the entire understanding between the Company and Executive and
supersedes all other agreements, whether written or oral, with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Severance Agreement. This Severance Agreement
may not be amended or modified except pursuant to a writing signed by each of
the parties hereto.

11.  Waiver.  Any waiver by either party of any breach of any term or
condition in this Severance Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of any other
breach of such term or condition or of any other term or condition, nor shall
any failure to enforce any provision hereof operate as a waiver of such
provision or of any other provision hereof or constitute or be deemed a waiver
or release of any other rights, in law or in equity.

12.  Governing Law.  All issues concerning this Severance Agreement
be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law
provision or rule (whether of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania or any other
jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the law of any jurisdiction
other than the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The parties hereto agree that any
action to enforce this Severance Agreement may be properly brought in any court
within Luzerne County, Pennsylvania or in the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, and the parties hereto agree that the
courts of Luzerne County, Pennsylvania and the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of Pennsylvania shall have jurisdiction with respect to the
subject matter hereof and the person of the parties hereto.

13.  Severability.  Whenever possible, each provision of this
Severance Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and
valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Severance Agreement is
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable
law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or

14
<PAGE>

unenforceability will not affect any other provision or the effectiveness or
validity of any provision in any other jurisdiction, and this Severance
Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if
such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained
herein.

14.  Further Assurances. From time to time after the execution of this
Severance Agreement, each of the parties hereto hereby agrees to use all
reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all action and to do, or cause
to be done, all things necessary, proper and advisable under applicable laws,
rules and regulations to consummate and make effective the transactions
contemplated by this Severance Agreement, including using its best efforts to
obtain all necessary waivers, consents and approvals. In case at any time after
the execution of this Severance Agreement further action is necessary or
desirable to carry out the purposes of this Severance Agreement, the proper
officers and directors of each of the parties shall take all such necessary
action.

15.  Successors and Assigns.  This Severance Agreement shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
heirs, personal representatives, executors, administrators, successors and
assigns. This Severance Agreement may not be assigned by either party (by
operation of law or otherwise) without the express written consent of the other
party.

16.  Notices.  All notices and other communications which are required
or may be given under this Severance Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to have been given if delivered personally or sent by registered or
certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid:

To Company:

Eastern Environmental Services, Inc.
1000 Crawford Place
Mt. Laurel, NJ 08054
Attn: Louis D. Paolino, Jr.

To Executive:

William C. Skuba
RR #4, Box 4452
Drums, PA 18222

or to such other place as either party shall have specified by notice in writing
to the other.

15
<PAGE>

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned parties have executed this Agreement
and Release as of the day and year written below.


ATTEST:                           EASTERN ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES,
INC.



______________________           By:   /s/ Louis D. Paolino, Jr.
Title: Louis D. Paolino, Jr., Chief
Executive Officer

WITNESS:                         EXECUTIVE



______________________                 /s/ William C. Skuba
WILLIAM C. SKUBA

16

